<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,11/26/2014,294,209,6,9,9>Hard to notice this place along Lincoln hwy in what looks like a corporate building is this tiny little all local, organic & raw vegan ice cream shop. Main ingredients are coconut cream & raw honey. Free tastings. My favorite flavors are Orange creme, coconut chocolate chip, chocolate orange, strawberry & chocolate all winners! Not so much the cookies and cream or coconut yoghurt for my tastes. I do love the array of toppings to put on too!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2014,11/25/2014,241,291,12,19,18>Nice place to workout out (walk)  Has basketball courts.  Parking on site and onsite BBQ pits.  Great picnic area.  They have tennis courts.  Play area of course.  Something to meet the needs of all family members.  Park is clean and well maintained.  Bathrooms on site didn't visit though.  HIlls are great for walking and workout.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2014,11/24/2014,1172,234,10,12,13>This is literally a hole in the wall place, we had to give it a try because we are looking for a awesome taco place to go to that is close to home, this place was busy when we got there and it was on a Saturday, the prices are not cheap but not expensive,  but the tacos are totally worth it, they loaded the tacos with a bunch of meat which is amazing, the burritos and the salads are the bomb too, they also had cantaloupe aguas fresca, and that was really yummy, the carnitas tacos and the chicken tacos are my fav here, 5 stars, also the staff is really friendly, 5 stars to that as well. Check my pictures out to see the food that we are there, totally recommend.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,11/23/2014,329,165,9,12,10>We enjoyed a nice desert after lunch here Thursday and Sunday of last week. We didn't get enough the first time so we went back Sunday with a couple of our family members yea that good! Lol Service is excellent. The place is nice and clean. We had very berry shave ice with raspberry and pink boba that was refreshing & good (junior$4.50).We also had the coconut cream base shave ice with coconut flakes and pineapple so yummy (regular $6.25). My mom had the tropical mango with mango boba, mango piece and coconut flakes it was a bit too sweet for our taste(regular $5.25). My fiancé had the banana sundae cream base shave ice with strawberry and chocolate sprinkles that was good too(junior size $4.50).  Con: The place is small with only benches for inside seating!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,11/22/2014,634,287,9,10,9>If you want to visit a beach that is very clean people and dog friendly, fantastic shops and restaurants, nice hotels, Raleigh studios, the famous sand dune park hill, and a golf course then this is the Beach, Manhattan Beach is in between Rosecrane  Ave to the North, Aviation Ave to the East, Highland Ave to the West, and Gould Ave to the the  South.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2014,11/21/2014,630,80,11,12,12>Damn! Their sandwiches are so good. I bought a large to eat half for dinner, and half the next day, but I couldn't resist. About 2 hours after dinner I ate the other half, lol. Their meat tastes fresh. The bread is tasty, I can still taste it.Going to Caveretta's is a different experience from other sandwich places, because It's a deli. Makes me feel like I'm in New York or something. You gotta love it!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,11/20/2014,209,142,14,16,15>When I think Japanese curry and rice, I always think of Curry House first. This one of my first places to try Japanese curry and it is still one of my favorites.Food 4/5My favorite food at Curry House isn't curry and rice anymore. I love the curry udon most of all. It has thick udon noodles in a thick curry broth. For curry and rice, I like the fried shrimp, hamburger, or pork cutlet. Wish I could order less rice because I can't finish the large plate.Service 4/5The Japanese staff are polite. When it is busy, the wait for food is long.Price 3/5The prices for the curry udon and rice dishes is ok. I like the discount days they have with 25% off that I get emails with a coupon.Parking 3/5Sawtelle parking is terrible, but Curry House is in the Nijiya and Daiso shopping center. 90 minute parking is free with validation. Bring your parking ticket to the restaurant for validation.Atmosphere 4/5The restaurant is larger than it looks. I always get seated by the door. Someday I want to sit on the other side. The tables are always clean when I go.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,11/19/2014,299,304,12,16,15>Stopped by for lunch and had a great experience. Although this is a tiny restaurant it is very appealing with its whitewashed walls, brightly colored decor and nautical theme throughout. There is a raw bar that is in the middle of the room and a small bar in the corner. We were lucky to grab a reservation as only two tables are booked for reservations and they do 6 (I believe it's 6) reservations daily. The rest of the restaurant is for walk-in guests and first come first serve at the bar. The restaurant, although small, feels very open with it's large windows that allows the sun to light up the room. We were there right when it opened at 11:30 but there was already a lot of hustle and bustle going on. Our server was very nice and attentive. We ordered a 1/2 dozen of the oyster sample platter...sooo good! My favorites were the mermaid cove, kusshi and clevedon coast. The Maryland soft shell blue crab po'boy was delicious. The cajun remoulade had a nice kick to it and was a great addition to the soft shell crab. The crab itself was nice and crispy with great flavor.24th street pale ale battered cod with fwd fries was good but nothing that you can't get at any other good sea food joint. The fish was cooked well, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Paired with well seasoned fries and some malt vinegar you can't go wrong. Overall, the food was delicious and the staff was charming and attentive. I definitely want to come back and maybe just get one of their chilled shellfish platters. If you're a seafood lover you should definitely check this place out.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,11/18/2014,270,100,13,18,12>Personal pizza just got more personal!With a well-executed BYO (build your own) menu, in this case they build it for you, the artizan pizza smiths at 800° can make you just about anything you want - fresh and right in front of you.The pizza is a bit larger than most "personal" sized pizzas, around 14-16 inches, and usually not perfectly round - hand made for sure. Good for sharing if you're just peckish, on a date and pretending not to be able to put it away, or for kids. I have no shame in eating one of these and still having room for salad or dessert.On our first visit we had the Verde (pine-nut pesto, fresh moz and parmesano) and the Bianca (fresh moz, parmesano, garlic, oregano and olive oil - no sauce) and the Gorgonzola salad. Everything was awesome and so super fresh.On our second visit we had the Margherita (crushed tomato, fresh moz, parmesano, olive oil and basil) and the Tartufo (truffle cheese, mushrooms, roasted garlic, arugula - no sauce) and both were fantastic, especially the tartufo.The ambiance is kinda pizza hall-y, looks almost like Swensons from back in the day. It can get quite loud in the restaurant and the "pizza crier" calling out numbers, loudly on busy days, doesn't help the overall audible aesthetic. Mostly 2-tops and 4-tops with a few tables on the railed patio on the Wilshire Blvd side.The self service cutlery, napkins and automated soda fountains (with 121 different soda options, literally) keeps the counter clear of clutter and the gelato bar (no self service) is a nice post-meal treat. To go boxes are also available for excess pizza near the soda fountain but only light eaters don't seem to finish.Free, validated 90 min roof top parking (enter from alley west of 2nd from Wilshire) makes this a no-brainer.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,11/17/2014,703,398,10,14,15>I guess this is one of those places where I just had to be persistent and keep coming, hoping it would eventually become better. I'll give credit where it's due. Zella's has won me over. Maybe I just kept getting the wrong thing, but now I know that as long as I stick with their salad creations, I should be ok.I've gotten the stuffed avocado salad with both chicken salad and tuna. Both are delicious and very filling!! Today, I got one of their specials: chicken and arugula salad. It was both visually appealing and scrumptious! Maybe one of these days I will try another panini, but for right now the salads are where it's at!Very friendly and efficient staff. The gals there are always smiling!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/16/2014,1404,152,9,17,16>Asahi is good but not a place I would drive far for . We were wanting ramen but didn't want to wait at all, we saw a few empty tables so we decided to try it out. MMMMMMMMMMM. I loved their Kimchi Ramen (spicy) with an egg and tofu! The texture of their noodles is pretty good but I prefer them to be a little more al dente. The broth was just SO good. The servers were very friendly and sweet. I will be back when I'm in the area and want a warm, comforting meal! PS. Go to Volcano Tea & Daiso after!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2014,11/15/2014,271,146,11,11,9>Straight up! These guys are awesome, the reviews are on point and they deserve more than 5 stars! We came across this place because we wanted the Tomato Patch but we were headed in the opposite direction. So I asked my girl if she wanted to try this spot out, after dissecting the reviews (because I've seen some of y'all faking the funk with these 0 friends 1 review 5 stars) and finding out they are all pretty much legit! She agreed so we headed to Taste my Soup. Once we walked in we were greeted by two men who seemed to of just got a shipment of bread in and right off the bat one guy says, "you're just in time for bread tasting" and offered us a variety of different breads. We respectfully declined the offer and ordered our lunch. They have a lunch special of your choice of two items, choosing between a salad, a sandwich or soup. I decided to go with the half Swiss Turkey sandwich and the Sweet Balsamic salad. My girl ordered the Spring Chicken salad sandwich and the House Lentil soup. Everything was on point and very delicious. I especially loved my salad and I'm not a big salad person but those strawberries (brought over from Oxnard, my hometown) were the business! So overall, I'd have to say Taste my Soup will be one of our go to spots when we're craving something healthy and they also deliver within the Encino area, so that's a major plus. I've already recommended them to a few friends so hopefully the word gets around. OOOOO5 out of 5 Afros
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,11/14/2014,6,38,4,47,47>Side by side fridge on the blink, wouldn't get cold in refrigerator compartment but freezer working fine. Smith tech Tom came out and in 5 minutes diagnosed a malfunctioning electronically controlled louvre between freezer and refrigerator. Had to order the part.  Of course I wondered if his diagnosis was correct so I said to myself, if he got it wrong, it's goodbye Smith Appliance for life.  The part arrived, Tom installed, refrigerator works great... and Tom was honest enough to state that the part which he thought came with an actuator motor, was sold separately. (our motor was fine) So he discounted the ticket by $60.  Overall cost $312.  Very happy all is well now and will use Smith Appliance again if need arises.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,11/13/2014,777,268,18,25,21>Comprehensive Asian market in WestLA.  This is a chain market so there are other locations around SoCAL and Northern California.  I come here at the beginning of the week to buy lunches for the week.  Usually, I buy for two or three lunches.  Today I bought two chicken salads, one teriyaki chicken meatball dish, one goyza dish, and two Mandarin orange juices for about $12.  Prices very reasonable, food very fresh, and tasty.   The parking can be challenging here, so get here early before the lunch crowd, and if possible back into a spot if you are parking in their small lot.  In general, lunches here are healthier and cheaper than eating at a traditional eatery or fast food place.The staff here is very friendly and helpful.  The location is clean but jammed packed with food so aisles are a little crowded.  Don't bother with a cart, less you get caught in a traffic jam; just use a carry basket or your own shopping bag.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2014,11/12/2014,521,188,25,30,30>We came here for dinner last night 10/3/14.  We were expecting a wait, but to our delight, we were seated right away!  As they seat you, they get a carafe of cold water out of the fridge and set it on your table with the menus and ordering form.I checked in on Yelp and showed the server the offer and we got the free order of Green Onion Pancakes.  They're a little dough-y, but I liked it!  Being free was a nice offer!  Not sure what is in the jar on the table, but it paired well with these pancakes!I had a Honey Green Tea and it was pretty sweet!  As the ice melted, it began to tone down the sweetness and it was delicious!!  And, we had the water on our table to drink up!We had to try a dumpling because we wanted to! So, we ordered the Juicy Pork & Crab Meat Dumplings.  These were really flavorful!  They were juicy and moist!  I would get these again!The Seaweed Salad is a pass for me.  It was good to try, but not quite my thing.  It has nice slices of garlic in it.  I wanted to try the House Special Pork Noodle Soup.  At first,I was taken aback by the darkness of the broth.  It is really dark, looks like it is a beef broth.  However, the soup was really savory!  The noodles were cooked well &the pork was good!   We're not fans of fatty pork, but we do know it is needed to add all the rich flavor!I did not care for the chow mein... the noodles were much too under-cooked for me!  There's al dente, and then there's al-super-chewy-dente!  These noodles were pretty thick,b unlike the chow mein noodles I am used to.I know the reviews are mixed, but I'd give them a 2nd chance if I was dissatisfied the first time.  Maybe we just got lucky, but our food was mostly worthy of another visit!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,11/11/2014,515,653,4,11,12>Need a ticket or reservation, parking is $15 or $10 can't recall, tours are free and tour guide wears a mic and you get a earpiece to hear!  Came here for the first time and loved it!  Went on the garden tour!  The architecture tour seems the most popular tho.  Really enjoyed seeing the gardens, fountains, and just sitting on the benches outside.  Looked at some of the exhibits indoors, but on a cool sunny day, nothing beats the serenity, breeze, and views.  Everyone should come at least once!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,11/10/2014,338,875,19,21,21>This is a great way to burn an hour or two enjoying some amazing photographic art installations. I came here when it first opened back in 2009, and again a couple weekends ago for a USC Alumni event. With free admission, $1 parking, and just across the street from the Century City Mall, a stop here can become your entire afternoon.The latest exhibit was a National Geographic retrospective, celebrating 125 years of Nat Geo magazine covers. We saw lots of familiar shots, heard great stories from the photographers who took them, and heard some amazing interviews of photojournalists who spoke with passion about their work as education and advocacy. A lot of the reels were actually interviews about how the installation came together, and it's incredibly impressive to get glimpses of how a vision can come to life. Lest it become too much a celebration of a celebration, I thought those segments did a good job of keeping the focus on the photography, and how to visually represent the art in a way that helps to tell its story.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/9/2014,303,129,21,27,22>This is an old antique place. The outside kind of looks a little discouraging. It's a little dingy building. When you walk in you are greeted immediately by a handsome male hostess. The decor is old fashioned.  Casablanca movie pictures everywhere on the walls. Some of the wall are hand painted with different characters in the movie. The bathroom even have pictures and hand painted art. In the some of the corners are antique gadgets like old cash register. I love antiques.Bar area is small. There is a lady making homemade flour tortilla in the actually dining area. The also have a musician playing the guitar. This place has a romance about it. Service was good, waiter there get it done .They don't play.The food was delicious and simple. I got the calamari mojo. It was delightful.  I was there for Sunday Brunch so the menu only has about 9 different plates. Sunday brunch comes with your choice of OJ / champagne /bloody mary/ sangria or a soft drink. For 13.99 you get a entree, drink and flan. Complimentary hot homemade in front of you flour tortillas and this yummy green salsa with cheese chunks in it. So good. I ordered a margarita that was out of this world, 2 sips and I was feeling fine.I will definitely recommend this place for lovers or  a group of close friends.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/8/2014,289,275,25,30,28>Hands-down, Waterloo & City is my favorite haute European gastropub in SoCal!I became a regular after coming here for dinner during the January 2014 Dine LA and since then, I've gone back for the awesome Happy Hour deals starting at 5pm. Happy Hour highlights include Chicken Pot Pie $9; and Sticky Toffee Pudding - $5.  I've tried nearly everything and it's all very tasty; Happy Hour item prices range from $5-9, and Burger with Fries for $11.Portions are generous and can definitely be shared between 2 people. I think they had 6 foot 2 Rugby players in mind when they conceived the dish sizes. Speaking of rugby, Waterloo & City was a really popular spot for the 2014 World Cup broadcasts and was THE hangout for many chefs from throughout LA during the games (I follow quite a few chefs' FB pages and they were frequently posting pics, jokes and comments on the World Cup from W&C). There's TV at the bar and the regulars get their favorite spots quickly after it opens at 5p.Southern California is the home to 2 notable protégés of the modern cuisine legend of Great Britain, Marco Pierre White.  Waterloo's executive chef, Brendan Collins is one of them, Maude's Curtis Stone is the other. Marco Pierre White's emphasis on strong flavor profiles and gorgeous plating is evident on any dish that comes out of Chef Brendan Collins' kitchen whether it be the extensive charcuterie, Happy Hour pub fare, semi-bistro style entrees or updated dessert classics by pasty chef, Layla. It's taken me multiple visits and 1/2 a year later, my updated rating for Waterloo and City is now 5 stars.For more details on the cuisine, etc. please see my previous review posted on 2/22/2014.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,11/7/2014,633,278,14,18,16>This place is just great. I brought three different vehicles here over the last several years, and always have received professional treatment, fast honest quotes, accurate time estimates and great and fair prices. One time, the guy made a mistake on the cost of a part (he showed me on the computer manufactorer's website all the prices, and he wrote the wrong line number), and honored the price he gave me.I cannot recommend them high enough. Honest, fair, great work, respectful and dependable. What more can you ask for?
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,11/6/2014,1251,116,20,31,27>Ok, I'm not sure how long this infamous Myung In Dumpling has been in Torrance but hiyaaa I'm happy! It's located inside S-Mart Korean supermarket. For some of you who has never been inside S-Mart, there's a mini food court on the left side when you enter the store. There are 4 little individual food shops. Before Myung In Dumplings came along, I used to go to Haru sushi right next to it. Myung In Dumplings have 3 locations: Los Angeles, Garden Grove and ........TORRANCE! (Go Torrance!)I've tried the one in LA before and didn't seem to enjoy it as much but this time...I'm not sure if my taste buds had changed or they just make it better at the Torrance location but they were a lot more enjoyable. They have a wide variety of stuff to choose from for being such a small shop, but I've tried their #1: King steam dumpling with pork and vegetables $7.50 in 4 pieces. They don't call it King for nuttin cuz they were BAMmmm............huge dumplings! What I liked about it is that the bread was moist and soft and the most memorable was the stuffing. They really packed that thang, they were not stingy on their ingredients! As for the flavor, I think it was just a little bland. It comes with a small container of pickled veggies which you're suppose to eat with. Regardless, I enjoyed the dumplings and will come back to try  other items. Another thing we got was #14 Yookgaejiang. Spicy beef and vegetable soup. for $10.00. It came with a small container of kimchi and white rice. Now I'm a big Yookgaejiang snob. I swore by the one from Hodori in Ktown but Myung In Dumpling's was not too shabby. The soup flavor was excellent. It was flavorful and hearty but I felt like they skimp out on the beef. They could put more beef in the soup. The one in Ktown gives you so much that I could barely finish sometimes. They also have something sweet. Which is the #5 Steam dumpling with sweet red bean. I would like to try that next time. I think it's great to be able to place an order and then go about with your shopping at the same time. Now folks, be mindful that they only accept CASH. ***Anthony Bourdain digs those dumplings too*** Pics of him attached taken with the owner.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2014,11/5/2014,765,453,15,19,19>Awesome-O! What a great experience we had here.  Kye assisted us with excellent customer service ;) He was really helpful & patient with all of my brother's questions.  My bro purchased a bike here for his bday gift to himself.  He was so happy with it. He even got a bike rack and a helmet. Thanks again Kye, you're the best!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,11/4/2014,1105,914,16,29,16>A long time ago (read: 2012), I bought this ridiculous Keesta mattress as a gift to myself, after sleeping on full size futons and used queen sized mattresses that smelled like smoke (not from me). It was glorious. I'd be sleeping on a cloud for the next 20 years, and life was looking up.Then I met Ryan, who hated my bed, and opted for his concrete full size mattress from college. So, rather than sleep on my cloud, I took to the concrete.We moved to Santa Monica with the idea that we'd buy a new bed. OUR bed. One that would a) either fit both of our interests or b) one that we'd hate the least that barely fit both of our interests. Since we couldn't be more different, it became the latter (there is no mattress we'll both love, it has been decided).LA Mattress had several things going for it that made our mattress decision easy:1. They were having a sale: 50% off, with free delivery, free bed frame, and a free pillow.2. If you check in on yelp, you get another free pillow.3. The $100 off $500 yelp deal that they'll honor without you having to buy it.4. Timely delivery, quick setup.5. You get to sleep on it for FOUR MONTHS, and if you don't like it, for $50 they'll pick it up and deliver another one.You're going to spend a third of your life in this thing - or, if you're like me and don't have a job yet, all of your life - and so it'd better be comfortable. They have a great selection, great demeanor, and good terms that made me feel like if this mattress wasn't going to work, it wouldn't be a hassle changing it out.Or you could go ahead and get a $400 mattress on amazon you'll eventually hate and wonder how you're going to send back, finally acquiescing to the pain and discomfort for the next however long until you get tired of it and buy one from here? Could do that too.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,11/3/2014,291,182,11,18,17>One of the things I have enjoyed most about California since moving here seven years ago is the abundance of wonderful public parks.  I've lived many places in America but California excels in this area.Rancho Madera Park is a shining example.  Inside the Wood Ranch area of Simi Valley (right next to Thousand Oaks) the park is well located and easily accessible.  The area offers something for everyone: playground equipment for different ages of children, large softball and soccer fields, sand volleyball, basketball and tennis.  There is also a large open grassy area perfect for flying kites or playing catch.There are covered picnic tables that are available to reserve for birthday parties or family reunions.  I'd advise reserving them well in advance, however, because they are full almost every weekend.  Unless a major event is taking place, there is always enough parking near the attractions.Overall, a fantastic park that I highly recommend!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,11/2/2014,103,49,11,15,13>I came to check out Quickly after a delightful meal at Boiling Point across the street. It was afternoon time, so Quickly was totally empty. The staff was very friendly and welcoming to me. I don't hold it against them that there was no one there because, for one, they are pretty new, and two, who gets boba at like 4pm besides me? No one! Everyone is still at work and stuff. The interior is very clean and well styled. TONS of seating in case you and 10 of your closest friends want to have a boba date. There's even a little bar top with some seats in case you don't want to feel like a total loner taking up a whole table by yourself. I ordered a coffee milk tea. Now, before you get out your judgements, let me just say that the idea of coffee and tea mixed together sounded weird to me at first too. And even when I describe it as milk tea seemingly mixed with instant Nescafé, I know it sounds even more off putting or strange. But let me tell you...it was absolutely delicious. It tasted like milk tea with a strong coffee after taste. Super good. I also ordered a Thai tea to take home to my bf, but I didn't try it. I assume it was good though, considering he slurped it down in basically one breath. Also, from the street, parking looks minimal, but fear not!! There's an underground parking lot!!OH! and I got a free little baggie of pretzels with both my drinks! So cute!I have high hopes for this place and I hope more people start coming on the regular. :)
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,11/1/2014,388,164,11,22,15>I never thought I'd live to the day that I ate something good in Simi Valley. When someone mentions food in Simi, I think I'd rather not. Sake 2 Me definitely proved me wrong. I was nothing but impressed with the food, portions, and customer service. As soon as we walked in, we were greeted and seated. The restaurant, itself, is decorated much like a sports bar. It's also very clean. When I think of all you can eat sushi, I think poor quality, small portions, and lots of rice. However, Sake 2 Me had relatively good quality with extremely large portions and very little rice. Generally, all you can eat places try to fill you up with cheaper things like the rice. They definitely don't skimp you on the fish here. My favorite was the eel, but I wasn't a big fan of the scallops. It tasted a little too greasy for my taste. Everything else on the menu was superb! Sometimes, I don't like writing reviews for good restaurants because I get scared that they'll become really popular. However, I think Sake 2 Me deserves its praise. I hope I don't end up standing in line to eat here later on.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,10/31/2014,400,155,13,18,16>Everything is as tasty and enticing as ever!   See my prior review and tips for some of the best dishes here.I want to commend manager ( owner ? ) Omar for choosing the best way to solve a problem that's common to all restaurants these days - the greatly increased cost of beef.  They are simply adding $1 to each plate or sandwich of beef - and STILL their prices are lower than most other good, NY style delis in SoCal.  Besides, it would cost more than this in gas and time to drive to any of the others.I would so much rather have this approach than (as so many other restaurants do) moving down to a lower quality of beef (or poorly trimmed)  and/or skimping on portions.   After all, what is a Deli if not fresh and delicious food that you can enjoy in abundance ?New York Deli is the last kosher style deli that I know of in the South Bay...Don't miss an opportunity to enjoy their great food!    If I were you, I'd also plan on taking home some of their out-of-this-world Carrot Cake !   It really adds the star on top of the whole experience !
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,10/30/2014,1487,34,19,19,16>I come here all the time for lunch. I have had both their Bison Burger (special that isn't there all the time) and their Lounge Burger and they are fantastic but I have to say that the Veggie Quinoa Burger is actually the best thing on the menu....and I loveee meat. Go figure! There is something about the consitancy of the Quinoa Patty that almost melts in your mouth.  I can see how some might find it kind of crumbly or not firm enough, as it tends to break apart, but it doesn't bother me as the taste wins all.Gotta get the fries. Nice and crispy on the outside and softer in middle.  They have this very unique tasting BBQ sauce that goes really well on the Quinoa burger as provides an excellent dipping sauce for the fries as well. They aren't scrooges either so ask for a few:-)Oh and for all the super health nuts out there- they only serve grass-fed, non hormone infused, super happy meat that comes from cattle raised in Bel Air. Only the best for you west-siders ;-) ** disclaimer ** I can't be certain if it really is from Bel Air or not ....so best not to take me literally** end of disclaimer  **
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,10/29/2014,975,119,15,25,22>It's not about atmosphere here.  Green Peas is about yummy, healthy breakfast and lunch food.This is my kids favorite place to come for lunch.  Their prices are reasonable for good quality ingredients.  There's a tons of vegan and vegetarian options on a pretty big menu.  There's everything from pizza to hot & cold sandwiches to quesadillas. And there's an impressive breakfast menu as well.I've never used them for delivery or catering, but I definitely would.  Good solid healthy and tasty food here.  I've tried just about everything here and enjoyed it all.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,10/28/2014,360,425,20,25,23>I don't venture into Santa Monica often, but I was happy I found Sonoma Wine Garden. It was my first time here and it was a pleasant visit from the start.  The decor is mostly light wood and lots of hanging pieces over the bar.  I was surprised that they had such a large and comfy patio area with sofas. Some of the tables were small and close together, but we were lucky that we made a reservation in advance and got a larger high table in the corner.   (I probably wouldn't want to stuck between two other couples in the middle area).Wine! Yes, their wine list is varied.  Although it is not pages and pages long, the selections are unique and carefully chosen so if you know what you like, you won't be disappointed.  I had a question about a white wine - Allbarino- from Spain and I was able to try a sample before deciding on a glass of it.  It was the perfect wine for a summer day, light with some peachy tones.  We got the chef's taste charcuterie  board which was $17 for 2 cheese and 2 meats that the kitchen picks.  I thought the board was fairly priced as it was definitely enough for two people. There were multiple sides which  included toast, raw almonds, pickled onions, golden raisins, whole grain mustard and a jam.  This starter was my favorite and it paired well with my wine.The pizza was flavorful and not greasy.  However; the crust was too crisp and hard to chew.  I enjoyed the saffron seafood pasta which was linguini tossed with garlic,  mussels, shrimp, Scallop, light tomato and white wine sauce.  *** I checked in **** at the end for a 'free sweet treat' which ended up being brownie bites.  This was right on size-wise as it was all I could eat after all the delicious meats, cheese, a little pizza & a lot of pasta.  LOL!  I will note the service here on a busy Sunday was amazing! The host and server were both very friendly, knowledgeable and helpful with the menu.  We even saw managers sweeping and cleaning up the bar area (not just standing around); this place is classy and clean!  Also, happy hour and their interesting cocktail list are strong reasons for me to return soon. This wine garden is a great place to enjoy the day and there are tons to do/see after the meal.  I got a nice walk on 3rd Street afterwards and it was a relaxing day in Santa Monica.  I think it is best to enjoy this type of place when you're not in a hurry and just want to hang out with great people, drink a glass or two of wine, and have good convo.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/27/2014,4014,2434,20,30,27>***This is the second 85 Degrees Bakery Cafe in the Torrance / Gardena area and it is a good shop for a variety of pastries and beautiful individual cakes that are less expensive than South Bay's high-end Japanese-French patisseries Bonjour and Chantilly***85 Degrees is a Taiwanese bakery that offers freshly baked pastries and breads, individual and full size Asian-French cakes (beautiful and rich-looking but surprisingly light) and lots of coffee and tea drinks.  This is the second 85 Degrees in the South Bay and both locations seem to feature very small lines--at least when compared to what I have heard about the Orange County locations.I tried a few of their pastries from their freshly baked breads and pastries section where you pick up their baked goods with tongs from several display cases.  Personally, I did not find a lot of the baked goods appealing based on the combination of ingredients used or their appearances, but I did like their coconut sponge and chocolate sponge rolls.  Both of these sponge rolls looked like Swiss rolls and featured soft and light sponge cake rolled up with a layer of sweet but also light and not too thick or sugary whipped cream.85 Degrees also features several cakes that are available as individual cakes or as full size cakes.  Most of their individual cakes are less than $4, which is less expensive than nearby Bonjour and Patisserie Chantilly that sell similar looking cakes.  They have a good variety of individual cakes like Black Forest, tiramisu and coffee creme brulee.  While these cakes are not the best Asian-French cakes I have had, they were sweet and satisfying without being overly heavy or rich.This 85 Degrees has a very clean and modern space.  This 85 Degrees has a few tables available if you want to enjoy their pastries, cakes and drinks here.Service was quick, very pleasant and warm.As mentioned, prices were reasonable.  You can get a good variety of sweets here at a relatively low price.  You can also get a beautiful and full-size cake that is very competitive with South Bay bakeries like Torrance Bakery that are more expensive.85 Degrees is a good spot if you are looking for an individual dessert, a cake or a variety of small treats for a party.  It is not my favorite bakery in terms of flavors and creativity, but the baked goods here are satisfying and a good deal and it is a great bakery for the South Bay. This 85 Degrees is located in a retail and dining plaza that has its own free parking lot.  It is easy finding an open space.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/26/2014,2650,519,28,44,48>Possibly one of the BEST piers to watch some epic sunsets.**LOTS OF PHOTO OPS**The pier itself is not that big and you can walk to the end and back in 10 minutes. There are lots of beautiful sceneries on both sides of the pier. Sometimes I just like to stand and watch the surfers catch some waves. There are plenty of 2-hour parking in Lots 1 & 2 and a full day 10-hour parking in Lot 3 (located at the corner of 12th and Highland).
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,10/25/2014,166,163,11,16,15>Obsessed. Can't believe I haven't been here sooner. My friend and I snagged seats at the bar and couldn't get over the food. The presentation in itself is beautiful, but the flavor will knock your face off. Fried squash blossoms and flatbread were the highlights, but I'll be back. I've already convinced another friend to come experience it with me.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2014,10/24/2014,281,191,14,20,19>Location: North side of Olympic Blvd between Bundy & Granville.Parking: Cramped lot in an area where parking is worth as much as gold.Environment: "Beachish" casual interior, murals on the walls, & LCD tuned into a baseball game when we were there. Ordering at the counter was quick, fountain drinks are self serve.  Menu has lots to choose from for carnivores & herbivores. Tables were small but abundant. We were here with a group of 9 & we could have sat outside or inside w plenty of room to spare. We enjoyed:-Veggie burgers w avocado (minus a star for shredded lettuce & skimpy avocado)-Fries-Steamed veggiesWC: One stall for all; clean & spacious. Key required.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,10/23/2014,974,310,18,30,22>So here is a pretty unconventional review as I have yet to try out orangetheory Brentwood, BUT hold off yelp friends!  There's way more:I met the owners as I drove home from soulcycle one day, they were so personable and amazing, I signed up right away! I was so psyched they were moving in! So in the meantime, I got hit by a car.  Yup that's right HIT by an actual CAR! Not only did they reach out to me to make sure I was ok, but they refunded my monthly dues and told me to write to him personally when I was ready to try a few classes! What?!? In the era of blame the client, these great folks reached out to ensure I was having a golden experience!  I can't wait until I am fully recovered to be a main patron here.  They are so impressive in the way they handled me and treated me, I can assert that they made me a customer for life.With that said, I have done orangetheory and it's awesome!!! Can't wait to try this location out and the one coming soon to second street!!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/22/2014,855,592,18,19,18>Totally Luscious and Nom-worthy!* DRK - Lots of Asian beers available* GET - Char Sui tsukemen = chewy noodles in separate bowl, delicious rich salty broth for dipping, great flavors on the char sui pork* GET - Char Sui ramen = thin straight ramen noodles, yum* ADD - As many of their toppings as desired, we got extras of everything* YES - Expect long wait during normal meal hours.  Lucky w/ short wait time (15-min)!* YES - Fast friendly service* NOO - No reservations taken * WOA:- Street parking (some meter, some free residential), lot nearby- Cash only!  ATM available in nearby plaza
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,10/21/2014,462,171,17,24,21>I came to this restaurant on a whim with a friend.  It is in such a cute little area of Santa Monica, near the beach on Main south of Ocean Park.  There is a large pay lot across the street with ample parking available.  There are big cozy booths inside on an elevated area as well as tables on the main floor. I liked the wood and leather and the casual feel to the place.  The only thing that detracted from the ambiance was the carpet which had a dated look to it.   I went into the bathroom which was a little bit in need of some attention, although it was busy and on a weekend. Caprese Salad with Grilled Scallops appetizer:  Scallops beautifully prepared, seared with a tender, moist center.  The salad was good but the scallops were the winner in this dish.Steak cut fries:  Done well, piping hot and not soggy.Grilled Fish Tacos:  Grilled Mahi Mahi on corn tortillas which had a mild flavor.  The fish was tender and the portions were good sized.The food was presented well and was very appealing.  I liked this restaurant and probably in reality would give it a 3.5 but I am rounding to a 4.  It seems to be quite popular and it may just have been my choices but I think overall it is very good, but not great. I noticed many of the really high star reviews were during happy hour. I think I might like it better for a happy hour venue.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,10/20/2014,791,331,25,25,26>Fun for the kiddos and adults( yes jumpers and slides for all).It's good for short bursts, an hour and half  and everyone was  pretty tuckered out.   Huge jumpers and slides, pop a shot style basketball, air hockey in a private party setting. . yelp.com/biz_photos/scoo…Overall a bunch of fun in a clean, safe and well supervised and organized environment and the kids go nuts ! yelp.com/biz_photos/scoo…  Knock back some  average pizza when you are done and enjoy your party in a private room.yelp.com/biz_photos/scoo… ( it felt a  bit assembly line like at that point).   yelp.com/biz_photos/scoo…   So  go ahead hum my updated version of GNR's classic to get a better idea. "Welcome To The Jungle" ( Scooters Jungle that is) Welcome to Scooter's JungleThey've got fun 'n' gamesThey've got everything you wantHoney, they know your namesThey are the people that can findWhatever you may needIf you got the money, honeyThey aim to please[CHORUS:]In the jungleWelcome to the jungleThey aim to please, please They wanna watch you scream !  Welcome to the jungleThey're open everydayIf you want it you're gonna screamBut it's the price you payAnd you're a birthday girl or boy That's very hard to pleaseYou can taste the bright lightsand it will fill your heart with gleeIn Scooter's  jungleWelcome to the jungleThey  wanna hear you scream( with joy and laughter of course)Welcome to the jungleIt gets fun here everydayYa learn ta jump like an animalIn the jungle where we playIf you got a hunger for what you seeYou'll take it eventuallyYou can have anything you wantlike jumps and slides and play[CHORUS]And when you're high you always want to slide down, YEAH!You know where you areYou're in Scooters Jungle babyYou're gonna fly!In the jungle Welcome to Scooters JungleWatch them bring bring a smile andplease, please.In the jungleWelcome to Scooters JungleMy, My, My what a dream In the jungleWelcome to the jungleWatch them please, please In the jungleWelcome to Scooters JungleWatch it lift  you to yourIt' gonna fix any frown-HA!
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,10/19/2014,542,312,26,32,27>Fast casual and hip Brazilian joint in the heart of Westwood! The picanha ($8.75) is delicious, with several slices of tender steak. I liked how the steak was nicely pink in the middle. It comes with sauteed collard greens, black beans, and rice. Plus they give you a sauce that  when drizzled over the rice it is really tasty. I also like the cup of fresh salsa they give you. It was filled with freshly cut cucumber and was crisp, light, and really gives the entire bowl a kick. The Pastel ($2.50) pastry was actually probably the best part. I liked that it was piping hot and it was nice and fluffy and flaky. Inside was an evenly melted cheese and tomatoes. They only had the cheese version because they just opened but I'd like to see what the meat version is like next time. Unfortunately the Pao de Queijo got gobbled up during lunch service but I totally want to try it next too.Great start, always happy to have good authentic Brazilian food straight from the grill that's local and also very affordable.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,10/18/2014,1042,533,22,31,29>I'm always excited to try a place that attempts to turn the usual into the unusual. Pono Burger definitely aims to bring a unique twist to the average burger. Offering creative toppings such as strawberry compote, fig and brie, cole slaw, truffle aioli, spicy guava rum sauce, and sesame ponzu dressing, Pono Burger tantalizes the taste buds just by reading the menu!I debated between two burgers -  the summer special "Sweet Mona" with strawberry compote, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese, and bacon, and the "Piku Fig Burger" which comes with caramelized fig jam, Brie cheese, bacon, crushed hazelnuts, and balsamic vinaigrette. The kind folks assisting me  at the counter insisted that the fig burger ($13) was the only way to go. So, I ordered it with a side of sweet potato fries ($4), which came with bacon chipotle aioli.The chef recommends the burgers medium rare, but I like mine medium well and it was cooked to perfection. The sweetness of the fig and the balsamic vinegar added such a different flavor profile from any burger that I've had in the past. Unfortunately, there was a little too much balsamic vinegar added, which made the burger soggy so -1 star. I've found that most sweet potato fries are not seasoned but these were sprinkled with sea salt and parsley, which made them delicious despite the lack of sweetness.Overall, I really enjoyed Pono Burger. The menu piqued my interest so I may return to try some of the other burgers.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/17/2014,331,66,23,29,30>My first time trying yakitori and what an experience it was! My bestie and I decided we needed to get together for our post birthday celebrations. We chose TORIHEI.I followed instructions on their info section on yelp and called around 4:30pm to make reservations for 6pm. I was instructed that the reservation was set for 2 hours. Perfect. This was for a Sunday evening.We were seated at their bar/counter area, in front of the cooks and where all the action is. The atmosphere was casual and all the servers were putting in work busy and running around, all still maintaining a pleasant smile while conversing with the patrons. There were 4 paper menu lists and pencils to start ordering what we wanted to try. Menu is somewhat easy to understand. They offer a wide array of Japanese dishes including yakitori (skewers) and more. Also, their drink menu was so creative and colorful with different flavors of soju. We started with apple soju. This was served in frozen carved out small apples. You pour soju in and drink up! Very different and so neat! We also tried their lychee soju which was good also but tasted a little watered down. Still got me buzzed anyway. Haha.We decided upon the following: Yakitori - Chicken thigh (my fav, succulent and juicy), Torihei meatball (just ok), Shiitake mushroom, Fatty pork (a little tough), Beef tongue (pretty good but prob won't order again), and Chicken thigh with cheese (DELISH). Also tried: Homemade cheese nuggets,  Kobe beef tataki, Boiled bok choy, and Yellow tail sashimi (eat this while still cold).We had a great time and enjoyed all that we ordered and left full. We used 1.5 hours of our reserved time. Food was delivered timely and service was super and friendly. Will definitely come back and try other items on their menu.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2014,10/16/2014,1441,859,28,28,27>4.5 Stars for Warszawa!  Holy smackeroons!  This place has some delicious home-cooked foods.  From beginning to end, you will enjoy this restaurant!The night started off with us being seated and fresh hot white bread with an olive tapinade was delivered to the table. The bread was well made and plentiful!For my appetizer, I ordered the Beef Tartare (Raw Beef, $14).  This beef tartare has to be one of the best tartares that I've ever had!  It was minced meat served with a raw egg yolk, minced onions, and pickles.  There was a hint of dill splashed on the table!  Presentation was beautiful!  Served with four toastinis.  Amazing.  Our lovely waitress, Ms. Karolina, noticed how much I enjoyed the dish, and she suggested that I eat it the "authentic way" - by adding a splash of Maggi to it.   She brought some Maggi to the table and I gladly obliged.  This brought the tartare to another level.  More amazing!  I'd come back just for this dish!  Grade:  A+yelp.com/biz_photos/wars…For my main meal, I had the half roasted duck ($24).  Here again, the presentation was visually beautiful, because you get a whole half roasted duck with a steak knife piercing out of it.  Served with Spatzle, roasted pears & plums, and a delightful cranberry sauce.  The cranberry sauce tasted like a reduction of cranberries, cloves, and a few other European-esque spices (tasted like a cranberry glog).  The duck was crispy on the outside, while tender juicy on the inside.  Bravo!  B+yelp.com/biz_photos/wars…My table mate had the potato dumplings for appetizer:yelp.com/biz_photos/wars…My table mate had the cabbage rolls as a main meal:yelp.com/biz_photos/wars…Service was outstanding.  The management should give a raise to Ms. Server Karolina, and Mr. Bus Guy Mario.  They both worked pretty hard to make it a great meal!I'm a fan!Food Grade:  AService Grade:  A Worth the Money Grade:  B+Overall Impression Grade:  A-
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,10/15/2014,532,89,25,35,31>Yabu, a name of a nice petite Japanese restaurant in the middle of West Pico Boulevard and Granville Avenue.This place came highly regarded by my cousin Michelle who eats there quite often. So as a family get together, she decided for us to all meet up at this restaurant last night. Which turned out to be a great idea!Once she sent me the name and the address of this restaurant I instantly looked it up on Yelp and read that this place is known for it's Soba noodles.Soba noodles are made from buckwheat flour and sometimes have a correspondingly strong, nutty flavor. They are roughly as thick as spaghetti, and they are prepared in a variety of hot and cold dishes. The most basic soba dish is "zaru soba", in which boiled, cold soba noodles are served with a dipping sauce.Also many people don't know this but, buckwheat noodles also have some wheat flour in them, which means they're not gluten-free. (So be careful  if you are sensitive to gluten or have Celiac disease.)So what we had that night was:-Blue Fin Tuna Sashimi6 slices of fresh raw Blue Fin Tuna(Very fresh my Dad ordered this appetizer for the family to share and taste. I'm not a huge tuna fan like my Dad but, since he use to work for a seafood company I'll take his word for it. Nice choice Dad!)$16-Snow Crab & Avocado SaladCanadian snow crab legs meat in an asparagus and avocado salad(A pretty cold salad dish with pieces of snow crab legs on top of the salad. This was a very good dish because of the light dressing combined with the fresh crab meat created a nice starter before the meal. I recommend ordering this if you like a fresh light salad before your main meal.)$11-Chirashi Assorted sashimi over a bed of sushi rice(A bowl of sushi rice with assorted raw fish on top. A self-explanatory dish I might say, but I was very tasty and the fish was very fresh.) Order if you like raw fish.$21-Yabu Soba Combination 5 pieces of sushi, soba (served either hot or cold), and a side of tempura(One of their best dishes I must say because you get to try 3 of their popular dishes; soba, tempura, and sushi/raw fish. My favorite of the night really, the fish was fresh, the tempura nice and crispy and the soba was not bad.)  $21.50 Pros:-Very fresh seafood and fish! =)-Prices are pretty reasonable considering being near the Santa Monica/West LA location.-Nice and friendly staff that kept refilling my hot Green Tea! I didn't even need to ask. Thanks guys!-5% discount if you pay in cash! That's always a plus!Cons:-Hard to find parking. There is valet nearby that is $5 to the left of the restaurant.-The place is a bit small, so you might have to call in advance have your seats reserved.-I wasn't blown away by the Soba noodles that they claim to be famous for. My cold soba came out a bit stuck together and it was hard to separate them and pick them up to put into the dipping sauce. So I felt that it was average hence the 4 stars and not 5.Overall, a nice cosy Japanese restaurant that gives you fresh fish and great service.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,10/14/2014,1682,713,39,41,43>I never thought I'd be much into vegan cuisine because I'm a true carnivore at heart but after dining here the other day, I would seriously consider having this type of cuisine more often.Came here on a whim earlier this week and decided I'd try something different and cruised over to Venice to try this place out.  I had it bookmarked for some reason so I was kind of in an adventurous mood and decided I'd head over.The place is bright and cheery with great energy as it was well-packed with patrons.  You can find subterranean parking under the building and the restaurant validates for up to two hours.Being that I was dining solo, I decided to just sit at the counter where I could see the baristas busily making the various specialty health drinks, smoothies and coffee drinks.  One of the baristas, Grace, was really cool and I was peppering her with questions about the menu and she gave me some really great recommendations.  One of them was the Whole, which was a bowl that the menu said was a "macrobiotic bowl with sea vegetables, braised Garnet yams, adzuki beans, sauteed kale, homemade kim chee, sea whip and black sesame seed gomasio which was served with local brown rice or quinoa and finished with garlic-tahini sauce and teriyaki almonds".  It sounded like an interesting dish so I went with that.For a drink, I decided to go with something called Immortal which the menu said was an ancient tonifying elixir made from Reishi, Shilajit and Ormus, served hot with coconut milk, cinnamon and raw honey.  Huh?  What was all that?  Grace said they were all really healthy ingredients so I said, why not?  Looking it up, reishi is a Chinese mushroom/fungus that is used to treat fatigue and asthma among other conditions.    Shilajit is a dark, brownish tar-like substance found in Asian mountains and used in Indian Ayurvedic medicine.  It is said to contain 85 ionic minerals and is used as an ingredient in testosterone-boosting supplements.Ormus interestingly enough is a sort of "white gold" that was discovered by a man in Arizona in 1975 and found to have health benefits. You can look it up if you want to find out more about it.Getting back to the food, the Whole was so-o-o-o delicious!  At first, I thought it was going to just be a normal salad and I was almost regretting my choice but after I took my first bite and I was like, wowza!!  I couldn't stop eating and I wanted it to last forever, lol.  It was a really tasty and I loved the flavor of everything. I also enjoyed the fact it was so healthy for me.  I had them mix quinoa and brown rice and it was a truly solid meal.The Immortal was so delicious too!  It was smooth and slightly sweet and really, really satisfying.  They also serve good coffee drinks although I didn't have any but I know they use Stumptown coffee which is a pretty solid roast.I couldn't believe how good everything was and so now, not only will I return to Cafe Gratitude but it has now made me want to search out other vegan restaurants around town to sample their offerings.  If you are vegan, you will love Cafe Gratitude and even if you aren't, like me, you will still enjoy the very succulent dishes that are both healthy for you and delightfully tasty!Be sure to try the Whole because you will totally love it!  Enjoy!!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,10/13/2014,2371,1713,54,58,54>Like the Fonz jumping over a shark in a leather jacket, dining at Chomp Eatery & Juice Station is dangerous. Oh, you won't get bit by the cool guys behind the counter, but one little bite of a Chomp Burger or Fries and ... chomp! Chomp! CHOMP! Your diet will be mauled as your taste buds celebrate its hasty defeat.Me: Don't you expect me to diet?  Taste Buds: No, Mr. Bond, I expect you to dine!Chomp, chomp, chomp, AAAUGH! The CALORIES! The horrible CALORIES! Mmmm ... Bacon! The Famous Chomp Burger ($8.49) features 100% USDA Angus Beef, Caramelized Red Onions, Tomato, and Arugula on a Brioche Bun ... PLUS Applewood Bacon. Yep, bacon! The medium-rare Beef Pattie was tender juiciness while the Bacon and Brioche brought distinction. I added yummy Tillamook Cheddar Cheese for $1.50 more. Once I started the attack, there was no stopping until only a few lettuce remnants remained. This is a burger beast for the price.Chomp, Chomp, Chomp, AAAUGH! The Calories! Fattening fries full of calories! Ooh! They got Manchego with 'em!After the burger blitz, I moved on to an order of Chomp Fries ($4.95). What are chomp fries? Well, take regular piping-hot French Fries and toss them with Parmesan Cheese, Manchego Cheese shavings, Garlic Chips, and Chives ... then CHOMP!With my diet in full retreat, I didn't even think about getting anything from the Juice Station. The battle was over. Perhaps, another day.  * Beefy Bacon Burgers * Fantastic French Fries * Gregarious Guys * Free Parking * Pocketbook-friendly Prices#chomp! x 5
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,10/12/2014,797,1031,9,11,11>*Moving my review from the original listing to this.  Don't know why they created a new one.Another solid Hawaiian spot in Gardena.I've been frequenting Ladybug quite a but lately thanks to the variety of combos and the teriyaki sauce!  It actually reminds me of the sauce at Island Hut in Lomita... or vice versa?  Usually I go for the salmon & marinted chicken combo and ask for extra sauces.  The sauce is a bit saltier than other places, but I don't mind that too much.  I just eat more rice :P  With combos, it comes with either miso soup or a soda.There's your usual katsu, marinated beef & chicken, salads, and curry, but I really like the options they have with seafood, like rolls, mackerel, and even unagi!The salad dressing is also pretty good with a nice peppery note!Parking is a huge mess during weekday lunch.  Usually I just order on the phone to-go so I can get in & out as fast as possible.  New location is bigger so much easier for dine-in!  They take credit card!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,10/11/2014,350,60,11,13,12>David was awesome! I love great customer service. My water valve converter was leaking and my friend was helping me with it. We got a recommendation to go to Joe and Larry's. David and the other guys were really helpful and patient with us in explaining what we needed to do and even let us borrow a tool we didn't have so we wouldn't have to purchase one to do the job. I really appreciated that. They hooked us up... set up the new parts and stuff so we would be ready to goThanks guys! We appreciate the help :)
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,10/10/2014,128,293,7,9,8>I heard about this place from my brother.  He said it was good size for a good price.  I decided to try out this place.  I came here around 12 and it is not that busy since it is lunch time right now.  I went inside and it has few specials and many items on the menu.  They have different types of bowls,  plates,  bento dishes,  noodle dishes and different types of rolls. I ordered the steak plate.  It came out to be 7.95. She also asked if I wanted a water cup.  She was very kind.  I waited for about 10 mins for the food. The did is good except that the steak is basically well done and it is hard to chew.  I will have to come back to try out the grilled chicken.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,10/9/2014,267,321,8,12,11>Let me write a review for this place while the taste is still fresh in my mouth :) They should've included Snow Cream in their name to attract customers that love snow cream like I do. In addition to selling shaved ice cream and snow cream, they also sell dole whip soft serve ice cream. They just recently opened--4 weeks ago. I learned about this place through a family friend. I tasted snow cream about a year ago in Vegas. My brothers, husband, and i love snow cream so much, we jokingly said we'd open a business of our own! Thank goodness for Tastyblock! Haha! My family and I have driven as far as Rowland Heights to get some snow cream. We've tried 5 different locations here in SoCal and only 1 has come pretty close to our original love, Kuma Snow Cream in Vegas. I'll place Tastyblock to the #2 spot. This is located on 228th and Figueroa St., across the gas station and in the same plaza as 7-11. We came at 830pm, 30 minutes before closing. I thought they'd be upset we came so close to closing time, but all I got was all smiles from the cashier :) She said she'd be more than happy to recommend flavors and to give us samples. I just asked to taste the dole whip ice cream because I've never had it and it was good! It wasn't too sweet at all. They also sell Lappert Ice Cream flavors. I'm not familiar with Lappert, but since their advertising their name, I assume it carries some weight. Back to the snow cream. Unfortunately, they don't have very many choices in flavors. They have mango, peanut butter, milk, taro, and green tea. You can choose your own toppings between fruit and dry toppings. The first topping is free, but additional toppings are $1 for fruit toppings and $0.89 for dry toppings (e.g., chocolate chips, mochi, yogurt chips, etc.). If you don't know which toppings go well together, they have pre-made combinations, which is automatically $6.89 (cost of a large size cup). They have multiple sixes, but the kids size is the cheapest ($3.89) and it's almost as big as their regular size ($5.89). Here's what we ordered:1. Salted caramel Lappert ice cream: you can taste the caramel, but not so much the saltiness of the ice cream 2. Taro snow cream with mochi and brownies: Soooooo good! This might be the best tasting taro snow cream I've tasted. You can really taste the taro. It's not bland or lightly flavored. It's just the perfect amount of taro. 3. Chocolate Strawberry Delight with condensed milk (milk snow cream, strawberries, mochi, and chocolate syrup): second favorite snow cream flavor of mine from this shop. You can taste the milk flavor.4. Green tea snow cream with halo halo mix (red beans, coconut, jelly, and I think jackfruit): this is what I ordered. The green tea flavor is a bit strong and made it taste bitter. They also didn't add too much of the halo halo mix, which would have helped in reducing the bitterness flavor in my mouth left from the green tea.5. Mango snow cream with strawberries and mochi: Least favorite flavor. It didn't taste like mango to me and it left a bad aftertaste in my mouth. All of the consistency of the snow cream was great--not flaky at all like shaved ice, but not creamy and thick like ice cream. It's the between where I can just settle in and enjoy a piece of heaven :) I'll have to order the peanut butter flavor next time to see where it stands between the rest of the flavors, but I'd continue to come here just for the taro flavor because that's how good it is! They're a little bit more expensive than the store I usually go to, especially if you want a lot of toppings, but this location saves me money on gas.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,10/8/2014,288,119,8,11,8>I was referred here by both a good friend who knows the owner, as well as my roommate who had used them before.I recently bought a 2007 LS 460 going on 90k miles, and so the big 90k service was coming up.I went in and had them do the works - my major 90k service, plus a full transmission flush, spark plugs, oil change, differential fluid, etc. I plan to drive this car to over 200k miles as a daily driver, so it was important to have it in tip top shape. The guys here know Lexus cars - they knew everything about my specific year and model of LS 460, what the common pitfalls were, and what specifically to check.As they were finishing up my car, I went into the back area and heard Mike the owner, and Mino his right hand man going through the analysis on another person's ES, and walking through all of the Lexus service bulletins in great detail. It was clear to me that not only did they know exactly what they were talking about, but that they genuinely wanted this car to be in the best shape possible for their customer. I've found my Lexus mechanics. Done.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,10/7/2014,431,343,12,16,11>OKAY, FIRST THINGS FIRST, THIS PLACE IS STILL HERE. Yelp wouldn't let me check into the place so I thought they didn't serve this food at Missy Donuts anymore, but they do! So come!Secondly, it turns out that the original owner moved to Carson, but this location is still run with the same recipes.Third, it's mostly takeout, but they do have a few seats inside the donut shop. It's actually perfect food to get catered, too.They pretty much just charge market price for most of their seafood. None of that overinflated pricing that you find at high-end restaurants (insert monacle). We ordered shrimp, mussels, and crawfish. The crawfish were a little small, but you can't expect New Orleans sized crawfish here... You can order the shrimp either peeled or unpeeled. Peeled requires less work on our part, and the sauce gets infused into the meat. Surprisingly, the mussels were my favorite. They weren't briny and they were actually really delicious. None of the seafood was overcooked, which is a problem sometimes with the shrimp. It reminded me of boiling crab, but it's even more down and dirty... ain't nobody got time to give you a bib. Also the sauce is super garlicky (LOVE) and has a soy-sauce-y aftertaste (if you can really discern that)... I honestly loved it. Oh, and the corn was just amazing. It sits in the sauce and just absorbs all of the flavors. If you're really intense and not scared of a heart attack, you can also order rice and mix it into the sauce after you finish the seafood. Eat at your own risk!We also ordered their shrimp taco too! The shrimp was fresh, which just made the taco so worth it. Not bad at all!I love seafood, and I'll be back for more!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,10/6/2014,627,515,11,14,11>I finally tried my first acai bowl from Paradise Bowls a couple of weeks ago. My friend always talked about getting the acai bowl so we finally came here so I can try it. It's located across the street from the Hermosa Beach pier. It's a small little shop and if you blink, you might actually pass it. The inside is very clean and simple. The menu is located on the wall and describes all of the different types of bowls that they offer. I chose the guava pipeline which includes: acai, mango, banana and guava juice that is blended together and topped with banana, strawberries, granola and honey. This was pretty damn delicious! I think my most favorite part was all of the different textures from the different ingredients. I was also hesitant to get this since I expected it to be too sweet, but it was actually perfect in regards to the sweetness level. Overall, I really enjoyed my first acai bowl and I will be back on a hot day and I'm craving something that is healthier than ice cream!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,10/5/2014,597,514,15,19,18>Well this was my first time actually on the inside of a Battleship. USS Battleship Iowa was huge but very cramped and small on the inside lots of steep stairs and hallways very narrow. But it's all about the history of this ship and i'm glad i was able to tour this. The staff was really cool and informative, its amazing how all the living quarters are so small. Overall great experience on the Battleship. I'm glad i was able to see it all.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,10/4/2014,618,176,13,18,17>Thank you Handel's for being a solid ice cream place in LA.  There are too many overcharged hipster ice cream spots taking over socal now.  Handel's keeps it real with its great flavors, low key location, and cheap prices! Best flavor to get is hands down the banana cream pie.  It has crunchy crackers and bananas, it's the best.  I also liked snappy turtle, graham central station, pistachios, s'mores.  Can't pick what flavors you want? Just get the 4 scoop sampler for only $4.75! Perfect to share for 2 people...or 1. ;) The extra star is for their awesome portion/price for the best bang for your buck.  I did notice the ice cream tends to melt pretty fast so the ice cream isn't rock hard which proves it is definitely homemade.  Definitely in my top 5 ice cream joints in LA.Note, there is only outdoor seating with plenty of parking.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,10/3/2014,211,186,8,17,10>Awesome investment! I called Craig to price out grass installation in the front yard of my townhome. I tried real grass, but because the area is so shady, the grass dies within weeks :( Craig gave me a fair quote and scheduled the installation for the following week! Other companies quoted me a couple weeks out. I called around for price comps and found him to be in line with his competitors. The crew that came to install my grass were so efficient and quick. In about 2 hours, my dirt lot transformed into a beautiful garden of grass. The grass is high quality and comes with a 10 year warranty. I wish I did this sooner! Also, I had some concerns about the materials used and toxicity, since my children and dog would use the area to play and Craig called me back immediately to alleviate my concerns, explain the materials and process and patiently answer all of my questions! A+ business.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,10/2/2014,226,761,13,10,10>Beatbike is fancy schmancy! Which of course means that I love it! I think I would make a horrible spin instructor because I would just be paralyzed by the pressure to make a good, upbeat, non-lame playlist. Seriously, DJ-ing is my worst fear in life!I've been spinning (spun??) before, but Beatbike blows regular gyms out of the water. Their bikes require clip in shoes which are free to borrow and if you provide your shoe size ahead of time, the shoes are already waiting for you when you arrive! I also really like how you can book your exact bike ahead of time so you don't need to worry about showing up extra early to claim your spot. I've taken classes with three instructors so far and they have all been very motivating and play great music. The little computer thing on your bike is also very helpful because previously, I could never tell if I had the right level of resistance or if I was at the correct speed.  The computer tells you everything you need to know AND emails you the stats when you leave. Amazeballs!Classes are quite pricey around ~$20/each depending on the package you buy. Plus Beatbike is above a Whole Foods, which means easily another $50 out of my pocket. No wonder I'm so poor...
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,10/1/2014,224,589,14,14,11>I have a Casio Titanium Seaman watch, which is kinda rare and never easy to get fixed.  In this instance I needed a new battery, replacement sealing gasket, and some TLC to dry the inside.  The young lady at Mr. Time addressed my needs and got me out the door rather quick.  While they were working on my watch I had time to get lunch at Subway, and then window shop at the store, and they have a nice variety of Casio G Shock watches, at really fair prices. With the service, and battery replacement, my walkout total was $25.  My watch is again in fine working condition.  This is a good place for general battery replacement.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/30/2014,1716,487,14,24,21>DK Donuts is the stuff of my cheat meal dreams. I had previously tried a blueberry cake glazed donut before and fell in love so the instant I was told I could have a cheat meal I immediately knew it would have to involve DK Donuts. It was soooo hard to only choose a few donuts, as I was also going to be having pizza but I ended up selecting 6 (yes I know, I overdid it!) and I loved each and every one (though try as I might, I was unable to finish eating all of the donuts in that one sitting. Fail.)In order of my favorites:1. Mini Blueberry Apple Fritter2. Blueberry Cake Glazed3. Po's Peanut Butter Puff4. Ube Crumb Cake5. Bacon Maple Bar6. Mini Apple FritterI seriously torture myself 24/7 drooling over the seemingly endless new creations posted on their Instagram page. Donuts still on my to-try list: Cookies N Cream Chocolate Bar, Red Velvet, French Crullers (chocolate, maple, cherry), Ube Cream Cheese Frosted, Strawberry Shortcake donuts, Boston/French/Bavarian Creme, Lemon Fill, Apple Bear Claw, Chocolate Dipped Old Fashioned, Gooey Cinnamon Rolls (chocolate), Obviously, this place is super famous for the cronut knock-offs re-named O-nuts but you are seriously missing out if you don't give some of their other donuts a try, they have the most unique and assorted selection of donuts I have ever seen! I have tried the Pineapple Coconut Onut but wasn't really blown away. I have read comments from others though that this flavor is the least impressive one and the other varieties look so gorgeous and decadently filled with cream and things (which the Pineapple Coconut one is not) that I will assuredly give them another try very very soon. There are also a bevy of pastries and both savory and sweet breakfast items that look awesome like the croissants, muffins, turnovers, danishes, brownies, oh I could go on and on with the list of things I want to nom on!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,9/29/2014,347,458,13,23,24>Good stuff every single time I get a chance to come here. A lot of sausage to choose from ranging from vegetarian to normal to the fancy. Killer Belgian style fries that you must get with truffle topping. Love the way this place looks and feels and the random circular room of to the side fora bit of privacy. If you're a mustard fan you'll find quit a few types here to slather all over your food! Always have come here for lunch but not for dinner so don't know how crazy it can get at night. I've tried a few of their sausages and I love the variety they have. Even the vegetarian one is pretty darn good. The two toppings you can pick are always a good add on and I can't say no to their fries. Yummy yummy yummy! Some people I know don't even bother getting anything but the fries actually! They are perfect thick cut fried that are crispy on the outside and stay that way even after getting cold. Great place for a casual lunch and it never gets busy during that time of the day.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,9/28/2014,176,341,7,12,8>A great experience. I was grumpy coming from another place ( read the last review) and wasn't sure this was the place I wanted to go, but other yelpers have posted good things so we walked in.Tables are tight, but what a great layout of communal tables and little nooks and crannies. Nice.Our server Sean explained the concept and we starred with the avocado fried w panko. Delish, but ask for more of the great sauce. Also had the poke. Great.Then we had the fish, pulled pork and hamburger sandwiches. All huge and fantastic!!! My mahi mahi was so flaky and tge pulled pork was outrageous. The burger is my next go to dish.Brian (manager? Owner?) has said he might do a lobster night soon, so I'll ke to my ears open.Great addition to the ever growing pier avenue food scene!! Well done!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,9/27/2014,85,503,7,10,9>Tofu soul food, yummy in my tummy. It's been almost a year since I had my first taste of Vihn Loi. Kevin and his team continue to serve up some of the tastiest food on the planet. My mouth waters just thinking about the flavorful spicy bun bo hui and the endless stir fry combinations loaded with veggies. As a regular meat eater I never thought a vegan restaurant would exceed my love for prime rib or sushi but it has. I would love to explore a vegan lifestyle because of Kevin's creations but I know it's totally unrealistic to eat Vihn Loi every day. Eating VL gives me so much clean energy. When I feel full it's not painful and regretful it's a happy full. If you haven't tried tofu or maybe you have but didn't like it, then I strongly suggest coming here and giving it a second chance. You will be a tofu maniac after you try. I was trying to expose my boyfriend to more cancer fighting foods such as mushrooms and tofu, he tried both before and was convinced he'd never try it again but once I got him to try a stir fry from VL he was hooked. He finished the whole giant stir fry with mushrooms tofu and all and didn't even realize he ate tons of healthy food. Now he eats mushrooms and tofu whenever it's around and I have Kevin to thank. These are power foods we all should incorporate into our lives. The owner Kevin is an iron man and maintains his fitness level with daily workouts and a 100% vegan lifestyle. Seriously some of the best foods in the world and Kevin is one of the nicest people I've met. Happy successful people make incredible food. Also the portions here are very generous, in some respects family style. Try the ginger kombucha it's amazingly not loaded with sugar just 4 grams if I recall. Fun fact, he supplies Pedaler's Fork in Calabasas with tofu so be sure to check that out too. But the dishes here at Vihn Loi are unmatched. Hail to the king of tofu.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,9/26/2014,104,185,7,10,10>Climbed some stairs lately?  If you do not exercise on a regular basis make sure you stretch and take your time.  The Baldwin Hills Scenic Overlook is like a natural stair climber on steroids.  There are steps of various sizes that reach all the way to the top of the hill.  It can take you from 5 minutes to 20 minutes based on your physical fitness.  From the top of the hill you have a great view of the cityscape of Los Angeles.  Also at the top there is a nature reserve with plant life and a information center with some history of the area.  There are also restrooms around at the top of the hill.  From the looks of it they even have a banquet area so that people can have weddings.  If you have a difficult time getting to the top I would recommend taking the trails back down so that you do not slip and fall.  If you are already having a hard time getting up you will most likely have a hard time getting down.  The trails back down zig zag back and forth through the steps and along the road up to the information center.  I went on a Sunday so it was pretty busy already at 9 AM in the morning.  There is street parking but it gets really busy so make sure to go early and beat the crowd.  If you cannot find street parking you can always opt to park up the hill next to the information center and drop $6 in the self pay box.  The money most likely goes back to maintain the area anyways so just think of it as a donation.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,9/25/2014,232,179,9,11,11>Rocco's is a good place to watch sports & meet friends. Here are 3 reasons why.1) Wanna watch sports?  They have a good amount of TV's. Not too many that it's jarring like at Barney's beanery, but enough to see the game you are probably interested in. For big games, it can get pretty crowded so you might want to get there early.  2) 2 for 1 drinks during happy hour. Rocco's has the best dollar per dollar happy hour in Los Angeles.  If you order a bottle beer, you get two! If you get a mixed drink, you can get a double shot or two mixed drinks. Happy hour goes from 3-7pm EVERYDAY! There is a good mix of domestic and mircobrews. 3)  The kitchen is open until 1AM. If you are stuck in the culver city area and want to both eat and drink late, everything else is basically closed. They have  the pizzas, pastas, and sandwiches that you would expect from an italian and california inspired menu. There is a good variety of menu items. Nothing is spectacular, but nothings is terrible. I go to Rocco's for the environment, more than the food.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/24/2014,449,176,7,14,10>You can always count on this place to be packed. Reservations needed sometimes weeks in advance. I think I got lucky when I happened to score a res when I called that morning. This was the first time I had brunch here. We sat outside and it was a really good ambiance for my friends who were visiting.  HIBISCUS ICED TEA- not really into hibiscus but It was a hot day and I was really craving a tropical iced tea- and it actually really hit the spot!MOROCCAN BAKED EGG - So flavorful. Has a nice combination of heat and spices. Must order for brunch I would say!DUCK CONFIT POTATO HASH with duck egg and whole grain mustard. I'm usual not a fan of duck but this was tasty!CRISPY SLAB BACON- Rosemary and maple never tasted so good together.GEM SALAD- The tarragon flavor was actually not overpowering at all and the yogurt dressing was actually really delicious and healthy too! I'm going to try to make this at home.MUSHROOM FONTINA PIZZA- the truffle tremor goat cheese and mix of mushrooms made for a really tasty combo.BUTTERSCOTCH POT DE CREME is incredibly delicious but needs to be accompanied with a cup if tea or coffee because it is really sweet on its own even though it has some salted caramel to balance it out.PARKING: there are spaces in the back of the building and also street parking.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/23/2014,954,774,10,14,14>Ok, after our 2nd visit in less than a week, we think we figured out what makes this pizza so good- it's crispy and delicious and filling, without being greasy and making you feel heavy and gross.TRUTH- the pizza isn't greasy and oily, and a whole pizza is the perfect portion size for a dude (it fills hubby up!). The 2nd time around I tried their grilled chicken, mushroom, arugula, and pesto drizzle and it was even more delish than my first pizza! We love Blaze and can't get enough of it. Now we don't ever want to order Dominos again!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,9/22/2014,595,703,12,14,14>Yum! After spending some time at the Greystone Mansion, we decided to come here and have lunch. I've always seen this place in Little Osaka but I've never actually beenLOVE that they have handmade sodas!! I don't drink and I am always looking for an interesting alternative to just regular soda.. So I was super happy with the options that they had. I tried the vanilla cream. It was delicious. A little sweet, I suppose. But you could taste both the vanilla and it was a great cream soda. Yum! The butter lettuce salad was good but a little uninspired. The lettuce was soft and fresh but I feel like there wasn't enough dressing. The dressing itself (a creamy mustard) was tasty however. There were a couple slices of apple (which had a nice crunch and a little sweetness), but the crown jewel of the salad was the cheese crisps. Yum! The texture was perfect and really added a lot to the salad! I decided on the Jidori chicken sandwich which was delicious. Another helper mentioned that it was one of the best chicken sandwiches in LA, and I must concur. It was perfection. The chicken was perfectly breaded and fried perfectly and was so succulent and juicy. Delicious! The roll it was on also held up well! Another definite plus! I also thought this place was really reasonably priced as well! I would definitely go back!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,9/21/2014,771,257,9,20,15>Located in Redondo Marina with plenty of parking and a view of the harbor and boat hoist.  What a great addition....much needed for Redondo Pier area. I loved the space and what they have done with it....The décor is vintage and industrial, R10 consists of two stories; downstairs is more intimate with more of a restaurant feeling. The upper level feels more loungy with a large dance floor, lounge area, dining tables and a nice large bar. Also patio options available on both floors :-)Menu is small but solid choices....They also offer social menu which are small plates meant to be shared.  They also offer Social Hour from 5 to 7 pm M-F but the discount applies on drinks only since the food items on Happy hour menu and regular menu were the same price. I tried the cheese board with warm fruit compote and house bread; great selection of cheese but it only came with 3 piece of bread (not enough for all the cheese provided). I also tried the grilled prawns with harrisa mayo for dipping, Shrimp was prepared perfectly and spicy. I am definitely coming back soon to try more food items and specialty cocktails. Service was prompt and friendly and I truly enjoyed the energy of R10; Also don't forget to validate your parking ticket for discount.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,9/20/2014,834,665,10,14,9>So, so happy that the Peasant finally made its way to Woodland Hills! It's nice to get a bit of love in the West Valley; we like good food, well-made drinks, and a chill atmosphere just as much as those on the Westside. We just also want to be able to live in a house rather than an 800sq ft condo. We want to be able to buy groceries without requiring valet or a parking structure. We don't want to have to get on the 405 to go to work.  That being said, we often get short-changed with cool places. No more, my friends!Have been to the Sherman Oaks Peasant tons of times, so I knew what to expect. Here, the place is easily 2x, if not 3x, the size of its sister location and it plans on having close to 50 beers on tap!!!  Food is good (it is much better if you eat carbs, but still manageable going low-carb) and drinks are nicely made. I do wish they were a bit stronger. For $12-$14 in a shortie glass, I'd like it to have a bit more of a kick, but I can't beat the flavors of the El Diablo.Finally, a place that calls itself "Local" that will actually be my local hangout!!!Thanks, Peasant! See you soon! =)
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,9/19/2014,641,344,8,9,6>The easiest, most convenient, CHEAPEST, and closest place to park your car (or truck) when flying out of LAX.  I've searched around because I'm a cheapskate when it comes to parking long term anywhere.  IMO, you should get a discount for every extra day you stay after like three days.  IDK, but some of these places charge upwards of $20 per day.  Sure they offer a bunch of extra services (for a fee, of course) like a car wash, oil change, rotate your tires, details, whatever.  I just want to park and as low as $5.95 (at the time of this review) this place is a bargain.  Now, for that price, you must park on the roof which is usually pretty crowded as all my cheapass friends are also parked here.  You also must search and print out a $1 off coupon otherwise you're talking about $6.95/night.  $7.95 for covered parking.  Still not bad.My biggest beef with this place is trying to get someone to pick you up when you arrive.  All too often, I'm waiting at least 30 minutes at the curb with luggage and all.  You also must watch that buses, know exactly which one is this place (might also be called "AirPark", and wave them down otherwise they might just pass you up.  Lastly, I feel that their drivers are just a little bit more unsafe than most of the other parking lots.  But all in all, the price is right, they are immediately off the 405 freeway and easy to get to.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,9/18/2014,427,263,14,15,13>I've ended up at the Blind Barber on a few occasions and luckily I've never had to deal with too much of a crowd. Situated behind a door in a barber shop you enter the dimly lit bar. They have an array of finely crafted cocktails, but I'm pretty simple and just go for Macallan neat. They actually do a pretty decent job of cranking out those specialty drinks in a timely manner to meet the demands of the crowd. The last time I was there I got to try the food. My poor gal pal partied a little too hard, so I decided to order her some food to get something in her system before heading out. I went with the number one which was Vermont white cheddar, sharp cheddar, heirloom tomato, applewood smoked bacon on artisan bread with a small tomato basil soup for dipping. Maybe it was me being a little intoxicated, but the sandwich was damn good when I took a bite. I went to take another bite, but my friend had scarfed it down before I could even get a second taste! Until next time.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/17/2014,224,254,11,15,13>In addition to their consistently perfect drinks, I've tried plenty of their foods on several different occasions. Their takoyaki here is my favorite compared those of other restaurants. And you can tell that it's fresh. It's a filling appetizer that I eat as if it's a main course. It is not "yaki" at all; it's very yummy. As for their dumplings, I have mixed reviews on their different kinds. The steamed dumplings that are served as an entree were not good. The edges too hard. It seemed like they just microwaved it. Their fried dumplings on their appetizer section were excellent! Full of flavor! I highly recommend it :)I got their nutella brick toast. It came with... nutella! (Unlike their Lomita counterpart). The bricktoast was amazing! Just toasted enough for a crispy edge,  and the middle was soft and fluffy. Delicious!  Also A+ for presentation. Definitely instagram worthy. Foodporn quality. Service is kind. Although I think they should come up with a better system of organizing. Maybe give the customers that eat-in a number to bring to their table that's easy to see. That way the servers will know who ordered what. That's better than what I've seen them do several times: bringing the food to each table and asking if they ordered this. It is a great place to study. Plenty of tables and outlets. They also have WiFi. The password for their WiFi is the restaurant's phone number :)
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,9/16/2014,186,182,13,15,17>Have I really not written a review on MB Post? My favorite restaurant in all of the South Bay?  I absolutely LOVE this place. Drinks with the girls? MB Post. Birthday dinner? MB Post.1) Going for dinner? MAKE A RESERVATION IN ADVANCE.  This place gets packed. a. You'll want the Bacon Cheddar Buttermilk Biscuits with maple syrup butter. Trust me.b. I had the BBQ MOROCCAN LAMB BELLY last night (June 3) and OH MY GOD. It was amazing. So full of flavor, delicious flavors that all complement each other and made me literally close my eyes to enjoy every bite. We paired it with the Broccoflower and a good Old Fashioned.2) Just going for a drink? Sit at the bar to enjoy one of their hand crafted cocktails and say hi to Will and Greg the bartenders. They are awesome! While you're at it, order a Roasted Apple Hand Pie with salted caramel sauce for dessert. You won't regret it.3) The ambiance is "social house" style. There are private tables that you can reserve as well as long tables shared amongst strangers who quickly become friends.4) This is called MB POST because it was the location of the old Manhattan Beach Post Office.5) Parking sucks, just like all of downtown Manhattan Beach, but they do have valet. I don't want to hype this place up too much just to have you go and be disappointed, but I truly am impressed with the quality of the food each and every time I come to MB Post. Yes it's pricey, but sometimes it's just worth it.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/15/2014,128,75,12,14,12>4 stars if this was in DTLA, but 5 since its in SIMI -we have nothing remotely unique - VALLEY.  As many Yelpers have said,  we were actually on our way to Pho So 1 when we happened on The Shabu. We are in LOVE w/ Shabu Shabu (Check out Yojie in DTLA!!!) & therefore decided to give this place a shot. (Shabu Shabu means "Swish Swish" in Japanese. They provide thinly sliced meat that you swish swish in the boiling broth to cook, dip into the various sauces then put onto your white rice & eat! Bomb.)When you walk in you're greeted by friendly staff as well as a chic, modern and clean decor-think blue backlighting w/ white surfaces-very trendy. The menu offers a variety from Shabu dishes (beef, chicken, fish & vegetarian) to sushi rolls and various bowls. I ordered the beef shabu & a California Roll (boring I know) ; boyfriend ordered beef shabu & Crispy Onion Albacore Roll (similar to that at Cho Cho San). We both ordered a water w/ lemon which was brought out promptly,  was crisp & cold, and refilled when necessary,  without having to ask! (Water Queen is pleased! Lol)Sushi was randomly SO FRESH & DELICIOUS! ! Both rolls had excellent fish & flavor. The size was also hearty. We were VERY happy.The beef Shabu plates were also quite good with a decent portion size.  They come with a variety of vegetables to also cook alongside the meat which included onions,  sweet potatoes,  lettuce,  mushrooms,  tofu (not exactly a vegetable but you get the jist!) etc.. The dipping sauces are a ponzu, a ginger (dont quote me on that) & a "hot" that wasnt hot at all but by FAR the most flavorful of the three.  (They can work on making these sauces more tasty as this is the only thing that is seasoning your meal...the "hot" made up for the other two but I definitely was dipping everything into all three then putting it on my rice to soak & eat- so the other two weren't 'bad' by any means!) ... the best part of the Shabu. .. $10.00 !!!! How EXCELLENT!  Overall, the meal was really good and reasonably priced. Its a unique experience-perhaps date night? Either way, please go out & support so more restaurant owners consider Simi as their store's location... movin' on up Simi. .. movin'. On. UP.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,9/14/2014,156,260,8,11,9>True Gem! Another great find in Inglewood.The breakfast food is great. We tried The Rambo which included waffle, eggs, sausage, and grits. Waffle: Choices include with or without cinnamon. I tried both options and you can't go wrong either way. It had a nice consistency with flavor. Much better than Roscoes. Sausage: Choices include pork, chicken (mild or spicy), and turkey. The Spicy Chicken was good but I liked the pork better.Grits: Perfect!Eggs: Great!Service was good. We will definitely be back again...probably during the week because this place can get packed. That's a sign of good food.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/13/2014,367,321,12,15,14>The food here is INCREDIBLE, unless you aren't a fan of uni (and if that's the case...STAY AWAY). Every item on the menu features sea urchin. The quality of the seafood here is top notch. Everything is so fresh and so delicious. I'm a little bit of an uni snob, and I am just obsessed with their food. I could eat here everyday if I could. It goes without saying that they have the best uni in town, but their other seafood is just as good. Their scallops are always so fresh and sweet. The salmon sashimi is perfectly fatty and delicious. Even their tamago (which is laced with uni) is fantastic!The service here is great. The staff is very polite and efficient. It can get crowded during the lunch rush, but it's never a long wait.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,9/12/2014,5000,1442,23,33,28>A small intimate place, with a mix of mid top and normal tables.  The bar seats a maximum of 8.  It's really, really loud.  The walls are like an aged, faded, colored newspaper with enlarged, typewritten print.  With reclaimed wood around the bar and throughout, it's relaxed vibe.  It's a bit more casual than I would have hoped, but after all, it's Manhattan Beach.I started with an Allagash White ($8), and as you may already know, it's my fave, so the prospects of Little Sister are already good.  I continued with a La Trappe Quadruple ($8). And, perhaps the best of the night, the very smoothe Gekkeikan Horen Sake ($34).  Needless to say, I needed food in me.The menu, Asian fusion, has combinations I couldn't dream of:1.  Grilled Prawn Salad ($18) - dressed beautifully, it had 5 large prawns cooked to perfection, and served warm atop grated mango/papaya/cucumber.  Sweet and the right amount of spice.  (5.0 stars)2.  Okra Curry ($12) - the flavor, oh!  Beautiful, beautiful curry...and the okra, wasn't slimy.  How did they do it?  (5.0 stars)3.  Bhutanese Rice ($17) - fried rice served with an egg atop, it was filled with meat (pork?  beef?) and bits of eggs and veggies.  Not too special, but delish. (4.0 stars)4.  Salt & Pepper Lobster ($38) - Broken into large pieces, it was a bit hard to eat.  But when I did manage to get some meat, it was an unreal flavor.  When we got down to the last of it, the server suggested that we stop and allow them to make fried rice from it (Lobster Rice, add $5).  Unreal.  (5.0 stars)5.  Shaky Shaky Beef ($28) - by now, I was quite full.  I had 2 of the 12 or so pieces, and it was chunks of amazing and tender beef.  Served with a side of arugula salad.  I got it packaged "to go", and made the memory last.  (4.5 stars)6.  Dessert ($10) - you must order three types!  Small pieces, but each was amazing.  When the chocolate souffle was the worst, the rest has got to be great.  White chocolate tangerine mousse bar (white choc covered heaven), and the best -- roasted banana caramel bomb.  (5.0 stars)Service, well, wonderful.  Christina, our server, very cool and lovely, was on top of it.  Helped by several others (and a manager), they were all in-sync.  Plus, they were amazingly nice enough to call the next day, hoping that I enjoyed dinner and wishes that I return.  Return?  Most definitely.PS.  The servers happen to be all women, and they were sizzling hot.  But my date for the evening was hotter than all them put together.  Alas, sigh, she's a friend and you know who you are.  Happy Birthday!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,9/11/2014,376,70,26,32,31>Benny - my moody, active, protective German Shepard/Chow family member.Benny needed some updated immunizations. Dissatisfied with my last vet, I set out to find a new one, so I Yelped it, duh.. Family Pet Clinic of Redondo Beach popped up and had great reviews and I saw an add for new client discount - sounds like a win/win to me!I called and they were able to make an appointment for the next morning. The receptionist also kindly informed me about the new client discount before I even had a chance to mention it. They have a separate entrance for dogs and cats - awesome because Benny hates cats, and other dogs too, so it was good no one else was in the waiting room. I was seen very quickly by Dr. Daffner. (MAJOR brownie points for that, because I hate making an appointment only to be seen 30 minutes later) . I currently own 3 dogs and have been a lifetime dog owner, so I've seen my share of vets and Dr. Daffner is by far my favorite. Benny LOVES his family and doesn't like anyone else. He had to be muzzled and growled persistently while the assistant checked his heartbeat etc. Enter Dr. Daffner.. Dr. Daffner seem genuinely interested in getting to know Benny, despite his angry demeanor. By the end of the visit he had even warmed up to her enough for me to take his muzzle off and let her pet him .. GASP*. Dr. Daffner was warm, friendly, extremely knowledgeable and DEFINITELY someone I would trust with my pets. In addition, the clinic is very clean and efficient. I recommend this place to ANYONE with pets..
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,9/10/2014,284,77,13,22,17>Came in today during their weekday happy hour from 3:00pm-6:30pm. I really like the location. We chose to sit outside on their patio. Nice view of Ventura Blvd. and the seats were cozy.Drinks: Water was quickly brought out in glasses and they also left a big vase of water so you can self serve. I ordered the Orange Crush which is fresh squeezed orange juice with vodka and triple sec I believe.Food: From the happy hour menu we ordered the crunch roll and spicy tuna roll. Both were very delicious! We also ordered the dragon roll (not happy hour) and that was incredible as well! The eel tasted yummy! Also ordered the live Uni which was the best part of the meal. Tasted straight from the ocean in a good way! Super fresh and was presented well! Our server taught us this cool trick: if you squeeze a lemon over the Uni it makes their spines move! Our server was Marilyn and she was awesome! And thanks Michi (I think that's his name) for your  great customer service as well!Will definitely return!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,9/9/2014,166,124,11,19,17>Yes this is a tea spot BUT no this is not a tea room, this is a beast of an entirely different nature. ROAR!There are two types of people in L.A. People who get workspaces and people who don't get workspaces.If you don't know what a workspace is/don't get the concept I can't imagine you enjoying yourself here. Its not supposed to be a tea cafe in the the traditional sense. Don't come here for a romantic tea after dinner with your date or post yoga sesh unless your date is also your consultant or you do yoga to refresh your mind before working on your marketing plan. If you DO get the idea of a workspace  welcome to the gates of heaven! Someone finally had the bright concept to just make a freakin cafe workspace hybrid that is open late and doesn't cost a minimum of $25/day or $60 and up/month. AND they were kind enough to include tea, food made of ingredients that doesn't spike your sugar levels to extreme heights and actually fuels you, free wi-fi, plenty of light, in decent location, with comfy chairs that create a more intimate vibe than those corporate coffee spots (I'm not saying any names. Use your imagination. You know who I'm talking about). I freakin love this spot. In fact I am hesitant to tell you dearest reader about it but I want this business to succeed and that requires money so here I am writing this review knowing in the future it may be taken over by locals and I may never be able to grab a chair here again.What I wish in the future. - That Gunpowder Tea lights a fire of success and shoots inspiration into L.A. Who knows maybe this concept can work as a co-op in a strange way. I'm down. - That enough people start coming here to justify a return to the 24 hr schedule or at least 3:00am- That most people use it during the times I am not there so I still have a space, can find parking and have access to an outlet to plug in- That the next/new location is bigger with a semi private study room available to be reserved but generally open, with a wall that is a chalkboard and a wall that has bookcase full of donated zines and books (give one/take one) related to entrepreneurship, digital technology, and not giving up when the going gets tough... plus some random metaphysics just for the hell of it when people need a break and want to be entertained by bat crazy imaginations If you come with laptops or homework just buy something every few hours. Act like its a membership fee, treat that person working the front with respect because this is freakin amazing and L.A. needs this. And if you can't see that L.A. needs this you are one of those people who just doesn't get what a workspace is OR you are not a college student that works best on gargoyle time.In other words, mainstream society this ain't for you. But Silicon Beachers and academically in debt youth of America WHERE YOU AT? OK... One note on the drinks and food after all. I tried the basic latte. The flavor was asi asi BUT it did actually give quite a pleasant similar effect to coffee without the edgy jitters. I would drink it again because of that alone. Whatever keeps the mind alert and these fingers typing is a go for me. And the chocolate brownie is moist and fudgy without being overwhelmingly sweet. If you like the flavor of dark chocolate but not stuff that always tastes like a candy bar it might become a fav for you.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,9/8/2014,280,346,11,18,15>Another great Persian restaurant in Westwood! Thanks to yelper Randy B. I brought my friend, her husband and their son here on their visit from out of town. Everyone was happy with the selection! Pricing is pretty reasonable for Persian in the area too with healthy portions as always. The ambiance is great, Comfortable tables to sit at or booths around the dining hall. It's a casual place - jeans are fine. It is still nice for a dinner date. The lighting is low and the set up hushes the sound of the cars whizzing by on Westwood. The service was good: Waters filled up regularly, sodas replenished, no rush in ordering or finishing up and moving out. They weren't social but efficient and seamless - which was appreciated as we were very talkative in our group and weren't interrupted much. :)Their son and I ordered the Tachin and it was lovely! The chicken was kind of dry but other than that, the dish was delicious! They bring it out with a salad that has a creamy vinaigrette dressing paired pretty well with the currents on the Tachin. I love that they used real currants (Zereshk)! I grabbed a bite of the Kabab from my friend's husband and it was pretty good: Moist, juicy and very flavorful. The rice was also fluffy and soft. My friend ordered the Kabab sandwhich and she enjoyed it as well. Subsequently, I counted 8 televisions around the restaurant ...maybe they were there just for the World Cup viewing...but it was seriously panorama view of the games!! Awesome - except that it just kept replaying the US losing to Belgium. :( I'm sure they are going to take a few down after the WC is over.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,9/7/2014,228,104,20,16,10>I had the single greatest roll of my entire life. Yeah sure the whole taking off your shoes thing and sitting on the floor thing is cool.The food was pretty decent but who cares, let me talk about this roll.It was REAL blue crab creamy filling.  Not some imitation crab cheap fish.  REAL blue crab.  In addition to this creamy filling were slices of avocado.  Instead of rice and seaweed as the outer covering.  The damn thing was wrapped on fresh fatty ass salmon sashimi.  And on top of this whole craziness was truffle fucking oil.What the hell.  What the hell.  I can't write anymore. I'm done. Just look at the attached photo.Love you.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,9/6/2014,203,187,10,15,13>I freaken love this place!1$ tacos. No I'm serious. Just 1$! What a steal! They're so greasy and delicious! Be sure to ask for everything on it! And then ask for the carrots, peppers, onion, and limes. Best Mexican food truck around! The only problem might be the language barrier, but everyone that works here is super friendly :)And there's tables you can sit at to eat your food, but sometimes there's so many people that you might have to enjoy your food standing or in your car.Inside they sell a lot of Mexican desserts drinks etc. Definitely worth checking out!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/5/2014,332,301,9,13,14>This place was just what I needed. Everything is easy and as you want it here. There is free parking on the street around the corner. There is plenty of space to find a seat and outlets everywhere! They play good music and there is a great vibe. It's nowhere near being overcrowded and I love that in a good study/work spot. I tried the pesto pasta which was $8 for a plate with a good amount of food for lunch. The woman who worked there was super friendly and made us feel at home. She even gave us our own private tasting of the gelato! We tried goat cheese with chocolate nibs, Gorgonzola, buffalo mozzarella, Sicilian almond, yogurt with salt and olive oil, salted chocolate, mango, and another chocolate flavor. Yes all of these are gelato flavors!!!! Also we tried a blood orange granita which is more of a slushee consistency. We were blown away by all the flavors and how fresh everything tasted!The only con is the price. A very small cup with two scoops is $6. That goes very quickly! I ended up picking the yogurt with olive oil and the salted chocolate which was amazing. The olive oil takes it to a new level!!I think I would come back but I don't know about how much I can splurge on gelato. Definitely a must try!!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/4/2014,55,174,12,18,14>Temescal Canyon is a great place to start.  and end.   from easy to more challenging, well-manicured trails grow with you and offer WATERFALLS, to boot. city-close, you'll spend more time hiking, LESS TIME DRIVING. fun trails and lots of wildlife.  i've seen young BUNNIES every visit this (almost-)Spring and the FROGS are a-hoppin'!   well, i haven't seen any frogs, but i can sure hear 'em. they kinda start and stop abruptly at different times of the day, and their chorus is magnificent. DOGS NOT PERMITTED, though you'll probably see plenty.  their scent causes certain wildlife to flee the area, so THE NO-DOG RULE IS THERE FOR A REASON. but i can't help but love-up the dogs when i see 'em.  even met an 80%-wolf dog on the trail with his doggy pal.also, beware of SNAKES crossing the road and use your flashlight in the dark. i don't understand people wearing headphones here. aside from obvious safety hazards, if not in a conversation, nature is about the best soundtrack i can imagine.  oy, i sound like a cranky old geezer, but there's lots to take in:  the sounds of critters in the bushes, the satisfying crunch of mulch underfoot, frog songs, dog barks, and the soothing trickle of the creek. hey, the aural environ can be half the fun. if you happen to hear chanting, screaming and music in the evenings, no worries.  they're no headhunters, just retreat-goers high on life. . $7 PARKING is a bit rich for my blood, so i park on Sunset.   if you can swing the $7, i hope you will.  i used to support THE PARKS FOUNDATION before they hid millions of parks-designated tax dollars.  but as a student, i'd rather it go to funding my Yelp adventures, haha. IF YOU PARK ON SUNSET, BEWARE OF BREAK-INS.   leave no valuables in view!  also, be aware of people watching as you stash your valuables in the trunk. if possible, stash them before you drive to the site. and no "jacket over the purse" trick or the trick will be on you.  happy Yelping and here's to tasting life!  :)
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,9/3/2014,36,141,15,17,16>Who would've thought such an awesome place would be tucked away in a shabby plaza across from my beloved Taco Sinaloa??Previously (on X-men), my Cuban world had been grossly limited to the confines of Versailles Restaurant...and Ricky Ricardo's BADASS conga drum solos.  Needless to say, I was ready to expand my horizons and since this place came up with stellar reviews I figured - LEH DO IT!Oh good lord, everything here is great.  That's not an exaggeration in the least.  The friggin bread they serve you in the beginning with the sour cream/black bean sauce is delicious.  Hell, even the WATER is incredible!!!  Seriously, you HAVE TO try the fruity-flavored waters - whether it's the cucumber/lime or the mango/guava-y one.  You'd be supremely hard pressed to find someone who hates on Vitamin Water or just lemons in water more than me, but I can shamelessly admit that I totally dig the flavory waters here.  I'm a changed man!Speaking of totalitarianism, the ceviche here is a smart starter for small groups because you get SO much o dat white fish (son of a viche!!).  But if you brought the party I HIGHLY recommend the Fiesta Cubana (appetizer platter).  What's in this fiesta?  I'm glad you asked, because you get a little bit everything:1. Empanadas2. Yucca Fries3. These super delicious potato ball thingies that are fried and stuffed with meat (just how I like my women!  what uuuup)4. And something that resembles a chodeful mozzarella cheese stick...but don't worry it isn't that at all.OHHH you also get an awesome variety of sauces including chimichurri AND something that tastes like crushed garlic and oil (aka what dreams are made of*).*Note: not a Hilary Duff reference, although I just realized that by making such a connection....ah dammit!As for the entrees, order anything (a-ny-thing) and you'll be more than satisfied although I'm very partial to the chicken dishes.  Don't get me wrong the Rabo Encendido (oxtail stew) and Ropa Vieja (Beefy stewy awesomeness) are great choices, as is the lechon asada (pork), but the chicken is what truly shines here.  Which reminds me that I need to go back for arroz con pollo (they make it with saffron rice, BOOYAH).OH and Sundays they do buffet brunch that combines their regular Cuban dishes with American stuff like waffles and eggs.  Laaaaaaaa!  That's the sound of me transcending my past inferior self pre-coming here (aka before I got Habana-ized).
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,9/2/2014,724,143,10,16,17>This is a little ice cream shoppe on the corner of PCH and 3rd Street. Very modern decor   But lacking furniture to sit down. You  start by picking either a cookie or brownie and building your dessert. Then you move over to the ice cream. They had a good selection of home made ice cream. The cookie dough was really good as well as the death by chocolate. The red velvet cookies were very soft and tasty. They are more than willing to let you taste any flavor to help you decide. Checkout was quick and easy win an ipad point of sale.  Overall a nice addition to Hermosa Beach. Hopefully they will add furniture to enjoy the ice cream sandwich there.  This place does not disappoint!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,9/1/2014,75,482,9,13,12>Burger crew meeting called to order on Sunday, March 30, 2014 at 6:30pm.Members in attendance: Angela d., Sumana S., Trevor Y., Wayne T., and Dennis K.I. OrderingAfter looking on yelp, it seemed like the popular choices were the Hawkins Special, the double bacon cheese burger, and the all day special. The chili cheese fries also seemed popular. After some discussion, Trevor and Angela decided to split the double bacon cheese burger ($6.79) and chili cheese fries (3.99). Wayne and Dennis both got the whipper burger ($8.50, + 50 cents for cheese, which is a double burger with pastrami and a hot link). Dennis also got some onion rings to share. Sumana went for it and ordered the Hawkins Special ($21.99)!!!II. The burgersOverall, everyone seemed very impressed with their burgers. Sumana's burger was the craziest looking burger ever. All the burgers were very big. A double burger is pretty monstrous. The husband and I could probably get full sharing a single burger. The buns were good and had a nice texture. The burgers were messy and difficult to eat. The pastrami was very salty. With all the ingredients on the burgers, it really masked the taste of the burger patty itself. III. The friesThe fries were cut like steak fries, but they had a nice crunch to them. The chili cheese fries were excellent. This is the best chili we've all had in a long time. Angela motioned to get a chili cheese burger next time. Dennis seconded that motion. The onion rings were pretty standard, but nothing exciting.IV. MiscellaneousThis place is in the ghetto right across the street from the projects. However, it's totally worth the drive. Remember to check in on yelp for 20% off your bill. Also, seating is outside and it can get cold so keep that in mind.V. ValueWayne motioned that this burger has the best value we've seen so far. Seconded by Trevor. The motion passed with a unanimous vote. These burgers were huge and were super cheap!!VI. The verdictWe were all over the board on this burger place. Trevor really liked it a lot. He said that it tasted like the ultimate version of a homemade burger. Dennis said it reminded him of a burger he grew up with back home. Overall, the burgers had a lot of flavor, but I was missing the quality meat flavor and sear on the burger. Sumana mentioned that she liked the burger, but the hot link wasn't as good as she would have liked it to be. Next burger crew meeting scheduled for April 29th at 7:30pm. Location: TBD
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,8/31/2014,294,209,13,8,11>What a fabulous find along the PCH. Romantic place for a date. Colonial Mexican feel with a pretty patterned mosaic tile floor and wrought iron gate. Beautiful vine growing on the building as you enter. Service was on point. Menu was different than your usual Mexican fare. We ordered the Tostadas to start. Fluffy and crunchy with gorgeous arrangement of fillings. The plantain one won me over, forget talking to me while I blissed out eating it. Caramelized, warm, sweet heavenly goodness.  Fabulous cocktails, we ordered the red pepper mint margarita, refreshing & not too sweet. Main we shared the duck with grilled pineapple and fried plantain. Duck wasn't too gamey and cooked perfectly tender. The fruit complimented it perfectly. Dessert menu is not to be missed so save room. The chocolate tamale arrived looking beautiful with orchid. Warm gooey rich chocolate tamale with drizzle chocolate fudge & sprinkle of fresh raspberries to balance the chocolate with a scoop of homemade vanilla ice cream. Everything we ordered tasted amazing. Will be back for sure.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,8/30/2014,359,353,13,21,16>That Hainan Chicken. It is one of my favorite foods and we have been driving to SGV just to get that freaking thing at Savoy. That place is NEVER open when we want to go. We have already done it twice where we went all the way to SGV for Savoy to find that place closed. Sometimes the drive it just too much for us.The fed-up hubby, then, yelped. I guess we should have done that a long time ago. He found this place which is so much closer than SGV. We are grateful for Yelp as always as we would never have thought to come to this tiny little place on Carson/Arlington if we have never read the review.It's more of a takeout place.. there are tables but very very few. I still liked dining in there, but I don't think I would if there were more people. The Hainan Chicken was very good and I loved the broth soaked rice with a touch of garlic. I also liked the fact that they give you the chicken broth on the side so we don't have to order the broth separately for 2 bucks like you do at Savoy. I asked for another bowl for the baby and they were very accommodating. (although the baby ended up drinking only half of it and then decided that a science experiment of putting the pineapple fried rice in the broth is a fun activity. Oy!) Overall a very very solid chicken dish and I think this place can easily be our new destination without the drive. The only downside, I think for me, was the sauce. I wasn't a very big fan of it or may be I am too used to the Savoy's sauce and the grated ginger? Anyway, I know now where I can get my chicken without the drive. Yay!!! Everyone there are so nice. Totally worth a try, if you crave that Hainan Chicken.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,8/29/2014,330,334,10,10,12>Hello pastries and pizzas!  This pint-sized carb factory is a charming little neighborhood spot, perfect for breakfast, lunch and/or dinner.  It's a versatile place to fly solo, do date night, grab some food to-go, or eavesdrop on some juicy conversations at their communal tables.They have a seasonal menu, with dishes inspired by farmer's market treasures like all the other concepts in the Huckleberry/Rustic Canyon/ Sweet Rose family. For lunch and dinner, they have fabulous pasta dishes (check the board for daily specials) but the wood-fired pizza and salads are my trusty go-to's.  Specifically the chopped salad ($13), crispy pepperoni pizza ($18) and potato pizza ($16) with an egg (and an up charge) of course!  If you like thin, chewy, charred crust and zingy, acidic tomato sauce, I like you. And you'll like this place. And we can be friends and sit at a communal table, or at the bar top and make the strangers dining around us feel super awkward.  (There's nowhere else to sit unless you want to sit in the kitchen or in the oven which may actually be roomier than the dining area, FYI).
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/28/2014,252,177,12,16,14>Concept:  Rice/noodle/salad bowls with different toppings, showcasing different flavors of cities/regions it's named after.Food:  tried the "seoul" bowl, which is basically a Korean bibimbap with filet mignon, and "shanghai" bowl, which had pork belly.  Both bowls were pretty decent, with well cooked meat and tasty veggies.  But I did need to add a lot of sriracha.  We also had a side of "ugly" egg rolls, and it was a bit greasy, but super crispy and flavorful.Décor:  Casual, with couple of communal wooden tables and a few 4 seat tables.  Also a few tables outside.Service:  You order at the counter, grab your own drink/utensils, but the food is brought out to you.  Price:  A bit on the pricey side for lunch.  Our two rice bowls and a side of egg rolls came out to $26 with no drinks or extra toppings.  Speaking of extra toppings, I couldn't believe they charge extra for certain toppings such as green onion or garlic.  I mean, paying for extra meat, I can understand, but green onions?  Really?I like the concept of the restaurant, and I like the simplicity of the menu.  Just wish the food was a little more flavorful and include more for the price.  After all, for about the same price, you can have traditional bibimbap with unlimited banchan at a nearby Korean restaurant.  Having said that, there is a definite need for a good, simple fusion restaurant (not just on Sawtelle) and I look forward to coming back and trying their other items.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/27/2014,366,285,15,19,19>I really love HOF. I got to try a free class through a Yelp Fit event and Shaun was so awesome that I decided to do the trial membership. Unlimited classes and 4 personal training sessions for a month? Sign me up!I took mostly morning classes with Shaun (Foundations and the slightly more intense Afterburn). I'm addicted to circuit training now. Shaun has a positive vibe and he's a cheerleader, not one of those drill sergeants that scream at you. He has a bright personality and always tries to remember names. I don't think I've ever seen him without a smile. He was my personal trainer as well; we had some good conversations, but he made sure to correct my form and gave me options for modifications whenever I needed them.I also took 3 or 4 Saturday 11AM Foundations classes with Effie. I love her and her Greek accent! Be forewarned, her dry humor and biting comments might not be for everyone; however, I could tell her words don't really have much teeth because you can tell she actually cares about helping you get in better shape. I don't know how many times I've heard her say "good for the booty" (we did a lot of squats and butt work in her classes). After one of her classes, I went to walk on the treadmill to cool down. She came over to start her own workout and threw out another signature catch phrase "What are you doing?" and got me to walk at 4.0 on a 15% incline saying "good for the booty". Unfortunately, I never got around to taking a spin class, but I saw Lizzie many of the mornings I went in to do a class with Shaun. She is super sweet and helpful. So were Priscilla and Lauren, the other two ladies who man the front desk.In addition to the unlimited classes and personal training sessions, you get a health assessment with Michael who gives you nutritional guidance and a couple of customized workouts to do when you want to come into the gym alone. Michael is very knowledgeable and professional. He gave me some really good tips.The gym itself is new, clean, and functional. It's not a huge 24 hour, but definitely able to accommodate all of its members. It was never so crowded that I felt stifled. They have lockers with digital locks and the staff keeps the bathrooms and shower clean (probably the one con is that they only have one shower in a unisex bathroom; they have a separate men's and a separate women's bathroom, though). They have shampoo, conditioner, and body wash, but be sure to bring your own towel!Overall, a great location with no hassle parking. Their rates are a little on the pricey side, but pretty standard for a gym like them--comparable to a crossfit (see their website for details houseoffitnessla.com). If you can afford them, HOF is definitely worth it!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,8/26/2014,514,405,7,39,39>It is truly as good as it gets here.The office is beautiful, modern and clean. A very homey vibe which helped to put me at ease. I've gotten quite a bit of work done in the past few years and i am still terrified to go to the dentist. I didn't have to be afraid here. From the front staff, Nadar and Fay, to the back office, Wilma and Dr.Sid, everyone put me at ease and answered any and all questions i had. Everyone was so fantastic and kind. i really felt good being there.First Wilma took some xrays and then Dr. Sid, who i love btw, came in to talk to me. Went over all my treatment i will need or want, whether it was something that needed to be done soon, or over time. Fay came in to talk to me about prices and what we were going to be doing that day in detail. Then Wilma came in and started my deep cleaning that i was in for. She was so gentle and constantly checked  in with me to make sure i was ok. As much as i loved my last dentist, she is way too far for me and i was so very lucky to have found CCIND. I wanted to find a dentist who was knowledgeable and honest. Someone i can confide in and trust that he will make sure i get done what is best for me. I can get everything i need and feel confident that he will keep my best interest at heart. That is how Dr.Sid made me feel. That's what makes a great dentist. I am so grateful to my yelp friends for referring me here! Searching for a good, reliable, and honest dentist is not the easiest to find. Thanks again to yelp and to this office for their wonderful services
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,8/25/2014,235,193,37,42,42>Most reviews of this biz are about hair.  I'm here to tell you about nails.Manicure lady Van is the ultimate customer-oriented beauty professional.  She kindly took me as walk-in.  You can also get her number from Avenue Hair to make appointments.Her station is towards the back inside the salon, which is adjacent Lenzini Pizza.  Customers for both shops can share parking in a small lot.Van is so nice, chill and easy to talk to.  She's been doing mani-pedis for three decades.  Though technically a Fountain Valley suburbanite, she values her clients in Venice-Marina del Rey so much, she braves the commute to continue serving them here.Heard horror stories and plenty about salons that don't value cleanliness as much as client volume?  Well, talking to Van re-assured me that she runs a safe nails op.She's meticulous in the cuticle cleaning and trimming.  And mine were in dire condition.  Using a specialty electric cuticle tool, Van worked a minor miracle and made them look decent.We did a pale pink Orly french mani hue for most of my barely there claws, and OPI mermaid green-ish lacquer on one nail each side.  Simplest thing ever and lasted only a week, but it's okay; I was content.Go see Madame Van if you are ever in MdR Venice and want safe, sanitary manis or pedis.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,8/24/2014,1070,142,9,21,16>Drive all the way down Crenshaw till the street ends. Del Cerro Park will be on the right, park anywhere near there. Easy parking, always available and free. What to bring:-Sunblock-Lots of Water-Snack-Tissue paper-Comfy hiking shoes-Shorts and a tank that won't give you funky tan lines-Bug spray?Even though, it's by the beach, it gets HOT; Some trails are worse than others. If you want to cool down, do the Eucalyptus Trail. It has lots of shade and a very nice breeze. Add to the branch shelter, while you're there. :)Great exercise and many trails to choose from. You can hike for hours. We did 4hrs last time because we took a few wrong turns. Hungry, thirsty and exhausted but it was still fun.You'll find scenic ocean views, hikers, dogs, bikers, horseback riding, horse manure, and rabbits.Tip: The Burma Road is the main trail, which is boring. Venture off to all the side trails, those have better hikes/inclines.Make sure you turn back BEFORE you get exhausted, because the easy trails on the way down, will be killer on the way back up.Cons:-Doesn't get you to the beach and no cool waterfalls.-Only one port-a-potty at the beginning of the trail and it has no paper
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,8/23/2014,521,188,12,17,24>This city has been a good one to raise a family.  We've lived here since 2000.  We were fortunate enough to be able to buy a house in this city and our children were given a good education and have lots of friends.  All have graduated from high school.My children were active in scouting, flag football, and basketball.  Pretty much, if you're looking for an activity, you can find a place for them to do it.My oldest son went through the Green Team program (sponsored by Mobil) in his senior year of high school and has been working for the city of Torrance for a few years in the Parks & Recreation Department.The city is full of restaurants of all ethnicity, lots of stores, 30 parks, and beaches.  There is a Farmer's Market at Charles H. Wilson Park every Tuesday and Saturday.  It is neat to take a look at what there is offered for sale, also there are food vendors & tables and chairs to enjoy that food, and since it is held on the parking lot of the park, you can go walk in the park. If you drive through Torrance, be sure to obey the laws of the road.  You might as well be driving through Texas and their motto "Don't Mess With Texas" applies to Torrance!  If you are stopped by the police, you will more than likely be cited.  If it is a police on a motorcycle, there will be no mercy (99.9999%), you will get a ticket.  They take their job quite seriously.  Also, if a police is dispatched to a house, you can be assured there will be a lot of police showing up.  It's good and it's bad.The 405 and the 110 Freeways run through Torrance and those freeways will get you to whichever other freeway you need.  It is very handy.When I lived in other nearby cities, I was nearly always in Torrance every day.  So, moving here was ideal.  There is a section called Old Torrance, it is where Torrance began, so, it is our Historical area.  Some of the houses there turned 100 years old in 2012.  Pretty old!!  There are several blocks of shops and restaurants in one area that is reminiscent of a small town.So much to see and experience in Torrance.(My 100th Review for 2014)
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,8/22/2014,677,50,12,17,14>This was a nice little gem I found while getting my car serviced nearby. We happened to get in right at happy hour (3-6pm?) and we had quite the feast! Appetizer menu was half off and all beers, well drinks, and margaritas were around ~$4.The garlic bread was buttery and fresh and we ended up ordering basket after basket. At $1.50/order --why not? The rib appetizer was good and went really well with the bottle of Corrigan's Bar-B-Que sauce.  The bill came out to $24 for two full bellies with a couple beers!I think this place is getting a bad rap because it was kind of empty, but we absolutely loved the peaceful atmosphere and the great service and attention from our bartender. It seems as though many of the customers are regulars and know the owner. It kind of makes you feel at home. Definitely going back for happy hour!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,8/21/2014,182,94,8,11,11>LOVE this place!  I've been here 3 times now and am so fond of this cute little bakery!!They have amazing treats, all beautifully-made and equally yummy!  Everything is fresh and full of great flavors!  I'm always satisfied by everything here.  So far, I've gotten the Strawberry Shortcake (a Japanese-bakery classic), raspberry cheesecake, a fruit tart, and the famous black sesame cream puff!  The shortcake is great and is especially light and fluffy, it's a great cake!  I love how not too sweet the cake is, and the sponge cake part is especially very moist.  The raspberry cheesecake is phenomenal as well as it's not too rich, and the raspberry's tarty-ness is a nice kick.  The fruit tart has great mousse with the fruit!  I'm usually not a fan of fruit tarts, but this one was great!  And mmm, the black sesame cream puff!  I still have to say that you can never beat Beard Papa's cream puffs, but the black sesame taste is so unique!!The only thing I would complain about this place is the limited number of pastries/treats they have.  They always sell out of everything really fast, and no wonder, they're so popular as it's always crowded!But, definitely, my go-to when I'm having a craving for sweets!
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,8/20/2014,719,388,18,16,16>CHICKEN WING HEAVEN!!!The pho is not the main star here... And to be honest, that's just fine by me, because the REAL treasure here is the Chicken Wings.It's nice that they have an open condiment bar for your Pho garnishes... I like that idea. And the pho isn't bad, but it pales in comparison to the amazingly religious Chicken Wings. I wish I was artistic enough to write 20 more paragraphs about how groin-grabbingly good the chicken wings here are... They are SO crunchy, SO perfectly cooked, and the sauces that accompany the wings are just the epitome of perfection. Does it bother me that the pho is completely unremarkable? Meh... Not really, because the wings... oh, the wings... they more than make up for it. So, I think of the place as, "Pho & FREAKING AWESOME WINGS."
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,8/19/2014,234,238,16,22,17>The Standing Room has recently opened a cool, new, full service gastropub in Hermosa Beach. The original Standing Room is a local burger stand in Redondo Beach that operates from a walk-up window and is part of a liquor store. Ironically, now at the new Standing Room restaurant, you won't have to stand to eat your burger. The Standing Room has had a "soft" opening since May. They won't have their official "Grand Opening" until June 20, 2014.  In the mean-time they have been revising their menu and training their staff. They also plan on offering a "happy hour" menu with special prices for selected food and drink items once they officially open.They are now located right in the middle of all the Hermosa night life, on Hermosa Ave. near Pier Ave., in the former location of the Shore Lounge. They don't have any private parking, you will have to find your own street parking. Street parking is usually no problem on weekdays, however, on weekends, you'll have a very hard time getting parking.Their new location has been completely remodeled. The exterior is done with driftwood and features a pig logo with the initials "TSR".  When you walk in, you'll see a hostess stand. On the right side of the room are a couple of high 4-top tables and then a long banquette and tables. There are a few 2-top tables in the middle of the room. At the rear of the room is a large bar height communal table that seats 12. They have a large and well stocked bar in the back left side of the dining room. In the front left of the room is a raised area that looks like a stage that has a couple of banquettes and tables. They also have a good sized patio area that faces the sidewalk.Their menu offers several of different salads and appetizers, a variety of sandwiches ($6.50 - $9.50), and several full plates featuring: Short Rib $18, Fried Chicken $13, Pork Belly $13 and Salmon $14. Their main attraction is their burgers and fries. The current menu includes the following:* Naked Burger - $7.00, Spring Mix, Tomato, Onion, Cheddar Cheese American Cheese and Ketchup* Dressed Burger - $8.50, Spring Mix, Caramelized Onion, Bacon, Smoked Gouda, Bleu Cheese, Korean Aioli, Tomato Jam and a Fried Egg.* Hapa Burger - $8.00, Spring Mix, Onion, Sesame Leaf and Scallion tossed in Spicy Vinaigrette, Korean Aioli, Fried Egg and Gouchu Q* Cash Burger - $8.00, Shishito Pepper, Bacon, Cheddar Cheese, American Cheese, Crispy Fried Onion Ring, Korean Aioli, and Hoisin BBQ* Chance Burger - $8.00, Jalapeno, Caramelized Chili Onion, Cheddar Cheese, American Cheese, Habanero Cream Coleslaw* Napoleon - $15.50, Spring Mix, Caramelized Onion, Bacon, Fried Egg, Cheddar Cheese, American Cheese, Smoked Gouda and Short Rib on a bed of Truffle Parmesan Fries* Regular Fries - $3.50* Truffle Parmesan Fries $4.50* Sweet Potato Fries $4.50We ordered the deep fried gizzards and truffle parmesan fries as appetizers. For our entrees, we got a "Dressed Burger" and a "Chance Burger". The gizzards were breaded, deep fried and served with "Korean Aioli" and spicy vinaigrette. They were served nice and hot and seemed well prepared. Unfortunately, I personally did not like how chewy they were and I don't think that gizzards make for a good menu item in general. The Truffle Fries were also served fresh out of the fryer and were awesome with lots of umami flavor. They use thin "McDonalds" style fries and fry them crispy, they cover them with grated parmesan, nori flakes (seaweed) and truffle oil. The burgers are very large and thick. I would guess that they use a half pound of beef make the very thick patties and cook them rare to medium rare with a red to pink center. The burgers are so tall when assembled that they have to use a wooden skewer to hold the burger together. The burgers are also served on specialty wooden platters that are in the shape of their pig logo. Our "Dressed Burger" and "Chance Burgers" were perfectly cooked and delicious. The fried egg on the "Dressed Burger" had a soft center and properly oozed out when I cut my burger in two. The burgers are so tall and stuffed full, that it's difficult to eat them by hand. I had to cut mine in two and eat portions with a knife and fork. The burgers was very tasty and I really enjoyed the great combination of flavors.The Standing Room is a great new addition to Downtown Hermosa. They offer great food and drink at very reasonable prices.  None of the previous restaurants and bars that have occupied their current location seemed to have lasted very long. I hope that they will break the trend and will become an iconic and lasting fixture in Hermosa Beach.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/18/2014,966,196,27,34,32>I came here on a Saturday evening recently to celebrate a friend's birthday. She wanted to take advantage of the free surf and turf (steak and lobster) meal that's offered on your birthday. Catalina Kitchen is one of eight restaurants situated in Terranea Resort. I must say the resort itself was stunning! If you want to impress your date, take her here!! Have a cocktail and enjoy the picturesque ocean view before your dinner reservation. This place was definitely upscale. Parking was $10 for self-parking or to valet so I thought it was worth the convenience of paying a little more to valet my car. Now I've read many random reviews and came across a few that mentioned having an orgasmic experience off a meal they had and thought it sounded pretty ridiculous...that is until this very night. I ordered the roasted Petaluma farm free range half chicken only because I wanted to order something different from what everyone in my party was having. I have to admit I was initially disappointed on the portion size of my meal for what I was paying. As soon as I took one bite of my chicken I was in total ecstasy! The chicken was very tender and juicy as it was roasted with rosemary, garlic, lemon and olive oil. The skin was thin, crispy, and flavorful. I savored every bite. It came with ricotta ravioli, English peas, green beans, roasted garlic, tomatoes, and figs, which complemented the chicken so well. Oh my goodness!! It was definitely worth every penny as I was completely satisfied! Definitely an orgasmic experience which was very memorable!! Another favorite dish was the burrata appetizer (charred vine ripe tomato, basil puree, olive oil, and sourdough bread)...seriously yummy! We also ordered their famous mac and cheese w/pancetta and truffle oil (delicious!) and the crab and artichoke dip (a bit salty).  My friends ordered the margherita brick oven pizza (nothing special), niman ranch pork chop (a bit tough) and of course the surf and turf deal mentioned earlier. The service was excellent as expected with the perfect ambience for this occasion. I'd frequent here more often if I could afford to. Another five stars from me!!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,8/17/2014,3694,383,19,24,16>Came to this hotel for a wedding reception and we had a blast!Let me tell you about this love soiree that my lovely date and I embarked on...The Culver Hotel is located in the middle of downtown Culver City and it's a building that has been therefor a long time. Word has it that the munchikins from the Wizard of Oz stayed at this hotel during the movie filming and they even have that featured around the hotel as a viewable landmark.Anyways, back to the reception. We were able to valet right in front of the hotel which is a must. You can park in the parking structure close by but when you're dressed ready to back up Justin Timberlake in a Suit & Tie video, why not make that grand entrance you know what I'm saying?! Make sure you don't lose that valet ticket and put it in your suit jacket's inside pocket - you know the one where the flask of bourbon is hidden. Keep in mind to bust out $6.50+ tip upon departure for the valet services.So yeah, cruise up in and signed the guest book while taking a couple of photos. The hotel has this classic, old school feel that makes you feel like you've been brought back into history. The reception was staged on the whole first floor and I imagined that they blocked off all guests for a certain time since everyone in there were guests of the bride and groom or employees. There was a 5 piece jazz band playing which definitely set the mood for the evening which was a night for the adults. Cheers!We then found a seat at one of the tables near the band and then walked through the hotel to grab some food. The food was excellent! The spread contained an arugula salad with grape tomatoes, grilled vegetables, mashed potatoes and gravy, baked chicken, braised short ribs, mini hamburger sliders, fish n chips and more... I made sure to get my grub on because it was going to be an evening of drinks & debauchery with that hosted bar.After having dinner, we moved onto drinks at the bar where there was plenty of wine, champagne, bottled beers, draft beers and an assortment of liquors. I started off with an Anchor Steam because it was draft. Awesome! Pretty soon, the whole wedding party was at the bar and everyone was getting faded!!!For more room, we decided to go to the outdoor patio which had plenty of seating and we noticed we were surrounded by the lookie lous of Culver City who were out and about. We were downing drinks, lighting up cigars and just having a grand ol time. There were folks waiting in line at the theaters ready to watch X-Men and I swear they prolly wanted to join us instead because of all the hootin' and hollarin' our party was making.More drinking and debauchery started to happen so this is where I will end the review. The service, the hotel, the food, the service, the valet and the reception were all top notch. I would refer this place for a wedding reception any time!HOLLA!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,8/16/2014,193,514,13,13,15>Barely opened a week ago and we had to go try it out. They have a happy hour they're piloting (just started this week) to try and get more traffic. $2 for 'genuine' Japanese beer? Sounds like a decent Happy Hour.I gravitated toward the curry udon because it came with one pork skewer/one beef skewer. The udon was pretty good, nice and brothy. The beef skewer was tastier than the pork. I also got a mochi skewer, which turned out to be my favorite (I love mochi by itself, but deep fried on a stick?? ridiculous). The yam one was the only one I didn't like...I was expecting more of a sweet potato tempura and got a slimy crunchy slice. That sucker was huge and there's "NO DOUBLE DIPPING" so I choked it down dry..They seem to still be fine-tuning the menu, so the "chef's special" may continue to change as they figure it out. Just glad it replaced sad little Chabuya.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/15/2014,1105,914,15,19,18>They have Pliny the Elder on tap...it's hard enough finding it in the Bay Area between San Francisco and Palo Alto in a grocery store, let alone in a bar down in Southern California. In my travels, so far this is the only place I've seen that has it.Oh, and the burger. Good lord. What is it with Santa Monica and their burgers? Arugula, caramelized onions, juicy medium rare burger with a delicious...brioche? bun, wow. I thought Ryan was kidding when he said these were great. I mean, his taste in food up in SF is like, what? How? I'm so confused. Oh and good fries. Like, wow. Such fries. Much good. Don't come here, it's already always crowded.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,8/14/2014,1958,924,9,20,16>Love my carpets! I haven't had carpet in 20 years, but the new condo has carpet, white no less! I'd been putting off the carpet cleaning, but finally pulled the trigger. Sutherland was referred to me by another carpet cleaning company. Ted is awesome. So friendly and nice. He called to confirm, called when they were on their way, did a walk through before and after, gave me a quote and stuck to it. My carpets look AMAZING. He used a brightener which really made them look fantastic. The products they use are all organic and pet friendly so my dogs, Calvin and Hershey could be home and walk on the carpets right after. Ted put paper down on the paths, but the dogs just thought the paper was a new toy and dashed around dragging the long sheets behind them!  The carpets dried fast and there was no odor which I loved; no chemical smell at all! I live on the equivalent of the 5th floor, but it was no problem for Sutherland. They have incredibly long hoses. They just parked the truck down on the street and put the hoses over the balcony.They also cleaned 3 area rugs I had (each about 5' x 9'). I'm going to keep the carpets up and have Ted come out every 4-6 months or so. Really cool thing they did was that when they left I realized that all my furniture was on little foam blocks or little plastic squares so it wouldn't be damaged while the carpet was drying. Nice touch. It took them about 2 -  2 1/2 hours to do my place - about 1300 sq ft.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/13/2014,1437,1829,9,18,16>Great place!  The store is bright and clean.The pizzas were pretty good.  It's very similar to Blaze Pizza and PizzaRev.  What I like about Ugly Pie compared to PizzaRev is that they have egg as one of their toppings for the specialty pizza.  That and their bacon is much better.  It tastes like bacon instead of .. the microwaved rubbery bacon PizzaRev has.Service was pretty good, and the wait wasn't too long to get your pizza.There's less toppings here compared to PizzaRev, but that's fine. There are a lot more sauces you can get.Also, there are no dessert pizzas here.  Parking: They have a lot that's shared with Farmer Boys and 7-Eleven.  There usually isn't a problem finding parking there.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,8/12/2014,391,174,15,16,17>NUMBER OF VISITS: 100 + over the last 10+ years or so...WOULD I COME BACK: yesMy family and I have been buying bread from these folks for over a decade! In the recent years the variety of their bread items have expanded their offerings to pies, kakanin (Filipino sweets usually made of glutinous rice, rice flour, root vegetables, etc), turon, ginataan, and snack items. What I like about this place is that they are always baking bread, so the likelihood that your bread will still be warm is definitely there! Before they got fancier, fresh bread was given to you in a paper bag and you could feel the warmth and smell the fresh bread as you take it to your car. This place isn't a fancy bakery, nor does it have a ton of centerfold foodporn looking baked goods. This is an old school bakery where you really will find baked items. The place smells like bread, so it's more smellporn than anything. Recently, I've noticed they have meat filled pan de sal items that have adobo, spam, menudo and cheese fillings. They have so many variations of pan de sal (literal translation is salted bread). They have a lot of stuff I like. The ones I can remember I typically get off the top of my head are: Pan de ube, ube roll (Filipino version of Porto's cheese roll), turon, kutsinta, sapin sapin, puto bongbong...i'm sure there's more but I try to limit carbs when I can.LOCATION:It's in the same plaza as Seafood City, Chow King, Red Ribbon and Jollibee.  Actually, it's sandwiched between Jollibee and Red Ribbon so you can't miss it. The parking here is nuts especially on the weekends. You'll find a buch of Filipinos doing their groceries and treating their families to a meal or whatever.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,8/11/2014,338,875,21,19,21>Did anyone else notice that "desert" has made it as a Review Highlight for this "dessert" place? The dry, arid landscape of Blockheads shave ice has been mentioned in 235 reviews. (Insert LAUSD joke here)So I made my first visit here a couple weeks ago, and I'm pretty sure I missed the La Habra earthquake because I was walking to/from Blockheads. We opted to share a 'regular' which was a ridiculously huge serving. The texture of this ice was aptly described by fellow Yelper Randy B. as 'woven' rather than shaved -- a noticeable difference from some of the shaved ice that I've had before. We got the black sesame with strawberry slices, mochi, red bean, and sweetened condensed milk. I liked, but did not love, this combination.We were lucky enough to arrive at this place just ahead of a huge rush. The line was already peeking out the door, and by the time we sat down to enjoy our dessert, it had begun to make its way down the block. Had I had to wait in that line, I'd easily give this place 3 stars (and complain about the hype), but it was manageable as it was.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,8/10/2014,777,268,24,29,29>So after reading this review if you want to be 12-years old again, you are in fine company.  So my surf friends and I were sitting around today planning this weekend adventures and one of the guys says, "Lets go for MILKSHAKES."  I know, what are we 12-years old? or grown men and women?  Still, I was introduced today to an old fashion drug store, still alive and well in the 'Heart of Darkness' (I mean the Valley).   So off we raced down the street and there it was at the corner of Roscoe and DeSoto, tucked away in one of the worst parking lots I have ever seen; complete with the Valley's, too close together parking places, idiots driving the wrong way in their jalopies, trash strewn about by again idiots fresh to the U.S. and our customs of picking up after ourselves, and the smell of a third world fish market.  Look any human who throws trash on the ground in a public parking lot is an idiot in my opinion and there are (unfortunately) too many of them right here in this parking lot.  Yet with all this, this place somehow works.Met the General Manager, a very nice lady, who talked with me for a bit and told me about her business and introduced me to the excellent old fashion soda and ice cream counter.   And on top of all this, they sell Lotto tickets and winning ones to boot, or at least hopefully winning ones :)  We ordered Milkshakes to go for the entire group and two of us carried the lot of them back.  I felt like I should be riding on a bike with a basket in front or my old skateboard...So Awesome!  I will be back for sure.  I am still going with a 5-star review here despite the horrible parking lot that needs LA County Officials with white gloves directing traffic.  Guess it is not the De Soto Pharmacy's fault, and if you park at a distance and hoof it you should be good.  This is a must visit if you want a taste of nostalgia and like cool places like me.  Thank you DeSoto Pharmacy and Soda Shoppe, count me as a regular when I am in the Valley.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,8/9/2014,289,275,25,36,30>The Topanga Woods Canyon setting of Will Geer's Theatricum Botanicum was quite tranquil and beautiful.  The set looked like a treehouse of sorts with the cast coming and going in Shakespearean costumes. In keeping with the founder, Will Geer's tradition of interacting with the audience, actors would perform not only on the stage, but also on aisles and other places throughout the outdoor seating areas of the auditorium as well.  I went here in early June 2014 to attend "Lear," a modern version of Shakespeare's tale about filial piety, power and betrayal. It starred Ellen Geer in the title role as an aging Queen Lear (instead of a King Lear) along with a multi-cultural cast.Since it's a casual venue, the crowd was quite relaxed and loose. Although this centuries' old dramatic play was a tragedy, there were moments of unintended comic relief. After a character was mortally stabbed, another onstage performer gestured and said "Is he dead?" and like a "Rocky Horror Picture Show" screening, I found myself saying with crowd, "Yes, he is."  At another point towards the end when Queen Lear's eldest son lay dying, the actor cried out "I am wounded" and again the audience reacted, saying "Yes, you are" with tongue-in-cheek ;-)I really enjoyed the 8pm showing and was truly fortunate to receive free tickets courtesy of Yelp and Brittany B. of LA West for a friend and myself. I look forward to attending a play at this idyllic venue in natural surroundings again, but on my own. Ticket prices for the 2014 summer season are $25-37 for adults per event. Children 6 and under can attend for free.Performance Schedule and Ticket Pricing can be found on their website at theatricum.secure.force.…Tips:*Get there early because the show starts promptly and theatergoers need to walk across the stage in order to get to seats.*Outdoor bench seating.  I brought my own orthopedic cushions, but was told that they provide some vinyl-covered cushions to Lower Tier seating patrons. Bring blankets and dress in layers appropriately for canyon weather in the evening.*Back row of the "Lower Tier" wooden bleachers is "make-out central" -- if you don't like to be subjected to PDA, get there early to grab a seat closer to the front.*In addition to the wooden bleachers, there are cheaper concrete "nosebleed" bleacher seats at the back of the amphitheatre called "Upper Tier."*You'll be outdoors and there will be bugs flying around.  I don't recall being bitten by bugs, but if that's a concern, bring bug repellent for your skin.*Parking -- Parking for the performances is free along Topanga Canyon Blvd., but be careful not to get hit by oncoming traffic.  The road is not well lit so you might need a flashlight at night (I used my iPhone). Parking in the Theatricum lot is $5 per car, but this fee is waived for guests using wheelchairs or walkers.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,8/8/2014,2650,519,19,29,28>Who wants to go to Uncle Bill's or Ocean View Cafe when the wait is 30-40 mins anytime you walk up there? It's annoying especially when you know these places aren't all that great.The Rockefeller just 10 steps away has great seating, great food and an awesome wait staff. AND you get seated right away.It's ridiculous how great the service was....my dogs love them too.Great simple menu for breakfast & brunch items. Exactly what I wanted.....coffee, eggs and toast. I don't eat pork anymore and they gave me a side of fresh fruits. The fruit jam was delicious. They don't serve alcohol when you sit outside....which was perfectly fine with me.**HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,8/7/2014,170,203,8,18,14>I came here randomly with my mom today after hearing good things about this place and none of any of our usual places sounded that appealing. The whole place has this contemporary/nautical vibe going on which I thought was cool. It sure was busy for a Wednesday., so we sat at the bar for about a half hour waiting for a table to become available. I had an 25oz Anchor Steam beer for $7 which I thought was modest for a fairly nice place, considering I'm in WLV. Apparently the large beers are $2 off during happy hour, but we came in a tad late for that. The wine seemed moderately priced as well. We ordered the ahi crostini which was good but not mind-blowing by any stretch. The bartender also brought us some rolls, fresh out of the oven. Yep, I needed to wash my bread down with bread...and beer, which is kinda like bread? They both have yeast anyway, right? The bar staff although busy were pretty attentive.Our pager goes off, so we paid or bar tab and get seated at our table. Our waiter, Shawn I believe, quickly came over to take our drink order although we were satisfied with our bar drinks offered to grab us some water and more bread and would be would right back. My mom was a bit indecisive so  he made several suggestions while explaining what some of the lesser known fish would be comparable to and took his time doing so. He also mentioned a few things he would avoid. Bonus points for honesty; I hate when someone tells me "everything is good" when its not. I really liked that even though they were busy, we never felt rushed at any point where some other places might have a tendency to do so. You'd never know they'd only been open less than 3 weeks.I ordered the California Sea Bass that came with two sides of my choice, Parmesan potato cake and chopped salad. The chopped salad was refreshing. I thought the potato cake was a little rich, but it was still good. But the sea bass...oh my god. AMAZING. Best damn (cooked) fish I've ever had, hands down. And a good portion of it too. And it was only $19! Incredible. For you fish snobs, yes, it's better than any Chilean sea bass I've ever had, and at half the price to boot.My mom had ordered the Arctic Char with sweet potato fries and the chopped salad. We both thought it was good and very moist and flaky, but agreed that the sea bass was fantastic.Several times throughout our meal, our waiter and presumably the manager checked up on us. They offered to replace anything we didn't 100% love without a question when my mom hinted that she didn't fall in love with the Char. Although she declined their offers, they insisted on giving us dessert on the house. We opted for the cheesecake which was also super delicious.Cliffs notes: Fantastic service from waitstaff/management, incredible sea bass, tasty cheesecake.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/6/2014,330,403,10,10,11>If you like circus arts, I think this is the place to be on the westside!Anything circus, they have it here - and not just beginner or one-size-fits-all classes.  I haven't seen another gym that is this size, with tons of equipment, high ceilings, and cool people.  I feel like the people who work there are one big family and everyone (including other students) is really friendly.  I've been taking the beginner contortion class here and it's been sooo difficult but also fun and rewarding.  I'm totally getting stretchier!  I definitely feel inspired now to try out other classes.  I really like that they have classes that progress from beginning to end over a season, since I was basically a total newbie and they slowly introduce you to new skills.  And, it's really cool that they do demo performances at the end of the series as well as have yearly shows for the more advanced students. Highly recommended for anyone who likes to have fun while getting fit!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,8/5/2014,346,209,10,11,10>I am officially a regular at Da Philly Cheese Shakes!They know me by name already (one of their workers has the same name, so I guess it's easy to remember), and always call me out whenever I walk in. It's kinda embarrassing, but it's cool. Right when you walk in, you can tell it's a new business that's JUST starting up. I can see workers folding menus; things are a little disorganized; they don't have a proper register set up--though they do use an ipad.--But that didn't stop me from trying this new joint out! I live for adventure!I have yet to try their philly cheese steaks (lulz), but I've tried their Green Machine smoothie and juice, and their Ultimate-Detox drink. Their Green Machine is the most popular out of the Green Smoothies, and I can totally see why. They only use fresh fruit and veggies and you have the choice of Raw Honey, or Organic Agave Nectar for no extra charge. They don't add any unnatural sugars or anything, so it's perfect for people like me!--People who love delicious and healthy foods!Their Green Machine Smoothie was so delicious the first time I got it. It was a chilly day and I was freezing when I was walking to my car afterwards but I still loved it. I also got the Ultimate-Detox which wasn't as tasty or sweet, but it was not bad. It tasted more like veggies, obviously, because it contained more vegetables and less fruits than the Green Machine.I tried the Green Machine Juice again yesterday before class(smoothie and juice are interchangeable. If you want no ice, then get the juice, like on a cold day). I had to try it again to see if it really was good the first time. Sometimes something tastes really good the first time, and then the second time you can be disappointed, ya know? But nope, it was delicious!One day I will try their phillycheese steak. But for now, gotta live that healthy living lifestyle, namsang? While I was waiting for my drink, I overheard a dude eating his philly cheese steak saying, "oh my God, this is so good... Oh my GOD!" I had to laugh. I said the same thing when I tasted my Green Machine tho, Freakin bomb. One of the kind workers there said that Yelp has taken down some of the positive reviews because they believed it was their friends writing all the positive reviews when it was actually the customers... NAH, Yelp!!! Don't do that!!! When in doubt, just try the place out yourself to see if it's legit. It's freakin bomb!!!!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,8/4/2014,633,278,11,17,14>I loved this place. They have 4 different menus: regular food, Vegan, and GLUTEN FREE!! Yay!!So nice to walk into a clean place, with good healthy options. We ordered:Vegetable curry soup $4 Yum! Not too spicy, and so deliciousEgg soufflé (GF) Holy cow, this is good. Served with a wonderful sauce, and really awesome potato chunks $7Quinoa pancakesRaspberry chocolate mouse dessert (GF)...crazy good $4Coffee not so goodCucumber drink $3. YummyBest part is that they don't try to screw over their customers coming to eat their gluten free foods. They are the same price as their regular foods (unlike another place -Pizza- I reviewed the other day). Nice.They are all very friendly and helpful. Service needs some work, as they need to understand NOT to deliver one hot food meal to the table without the others. My daughter wanted to wait until our food came, and it was a while...so hers was cold when she ate it.I absolutely LOVE that they use recycled take out boxes that disintegrate within 3 months of hitting the landfill. AWESOME.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,8/3/2014,329,217,6,14,8>You may have had mochi filled with gelato or ice cream, but, chances are, you've never had mochi filled with cream. These heavenly little treats are way softer than others I've tried, and their flavors pack a punch. My favorite is the double mango. Orange cream, peach yogurt, blueberry yogurt, and raspberry mille feuille were also delicious. Sakura, and darjeeling were more delicate in flavor but also good. Of note, the mochi are imported frozen from Japan, so you will need to wait at least 10 minutes for them to thaw.Prices range from $1.80-$2.30 each, which may seem a bit pricey considering how small they are, but I think it's worth it. Located in the J Sweets store of the Mitsuwa shopping plaza. I've been there a couple times already and will continue to go back again and again.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,8/2/2014,1404,152,14,17,15>Did I really just get this at a mall kiosk? Yes! This place is delicious. It's cafeteria style and they will fill up a bowl (Chipotle size) of whatever you want, for $7.95. Hummus, falafel, baba ganoush, kale, spinach, chicken or vegan (seitan) schwarma, red cabbage, corn, feta, broccoli/cauliflower, beets, onions and more! Then they have all these sauces you can add like garlic sauce, tahini, pesto, tzatziki, lemon and olive oil etc. Oh, the flavor! They also have really good lentil soup ($2.45 for a small cup), quinoa, pita wraps and baklava. If you feel like having something healthier than Tommie's or Panda Express, definitely stop here! I was so happy to see this replace that little "stiletto" cupcake place... Haha, sorry. :/Before I forget, I need to give a shoutout to the falafel. It's perfect! Not dry at all. Gooooo!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,8/1/2014,634,287,11,15,14>This cemetery is always kept clean from the outside to the inside, Its so relaxing, peacefully, after visting your love one you can sit in your car by the waterfall or just lay on the grass just relaxing eating or sleeping because the landscaping is amazing.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,7/31/2014,612,413,15,19,15>I love this place! Definitely one of my favorites! :) The menu changes all the time and they only use the freshest ingredients that are in season. :)Very romantic, intimate ambiance. Make sure you make reservations!Service was excellent!FOOD:*Oxtail dumplings - Great flavor! *Hamachi collar - A seasonal dish that was well-seasoned with a lot of meat*Roasted cauliflower - Very good!*Dry aged ribeye for two - Cooked perfectly! Ordered it medium and it was juicy and perfectly flavored. Highly recommend!DESSERT:*Strawberry Crostata with Honeycomb ice cream - Must try it! Simply amazing! :)PARKING: Valet or metersI can't wait to come back! :)
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,7/30/2014,331,66,22,26,24>WOW! This is Gardena's best kept secret! Friend and I wanted Italian one night and hopped on yelp and found this place. When we made that right turn on Broadway, the area seemed a bit sketchy. Then we saw that the parking lot was full and street parking crowded. We took this as a good sign and made our way into the plain looking restaurant. It was busy and entertaining right when we stepped in. There were a few parties waiting to be seated. We took this as a good sign as well. When I signed my name in there were 6 parties ahead of us. All good. We'll wait. We wanted to see what the big deal was at this point. Got seated by their dessert bar. I took a good look around this place. I swear it looks like it's out of a movie. It's modern but busy, but not made to be kept clean and made for large amounts of people enjoy. It's an Italian restaurant, so it was loud! There's a bar seating area where you get to enjoy watching these chefs make pizza. Looked like their dough was handmade. There's also a separate wine/liquor bar in the middle. Then tons of dining tables everywhere. I love this place already! This particular Wednesday night was super busy for them. Our waiter didn't even remember to give us his name but he was very much attentive and gave good suggestions of meal and wine choices. I ordered the seafood risotto, friend ordered the seafood linguine. Pretty much the same entrees but pasta instead of rice. We paired this with white wine and it complimented the meal surprisingly well. We finished our dinner then headed to the gelato bar. You give them your table number and the dessert gets charged to your table. Pretty neat. I ordered half banana and half chocolate chip. Holy cow! DELICIOUS. I'm really not into gelato for some reason but on this particular night I was all about it. Great experience here. Will definitely come back and try different areas on their menu.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,7/29/2014,1042,533,22,29,24>The Belly Up sandwich is certainly one of the better casual uses of pork belly that I've seen in LA. Thick, juicy slices of pork belly are stacked on the bottom bun with sweet barbecue sauce and slaw on top. The combination of the meat with the brioche bun, which was not soggy and the cole slaw, which was made with the right amount of mayo made it a flavorful and hearty sandwich. With just a couple of adjustments, this sandwich could be a culinary masterpiece. Maybe it's my Memphis roots, but it definitely needed a little more barbecue sauce.  And, the sandwich requires more work than I am used to putting in, particularly to dissect out those large pieces of fat. For $8.95, this is a filling sandwich that even comes with a small chocolate chip cookie wrapped in the packaging for a nice surprise. The place is small so don't expect to eat there but this sandwich shop is definitely worth checking out.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,7/28/2014,814,575,9,16,14>I wasn't a fan of churros before I got here, but Caliente's authentic version of it will make you realize how Spanish donuts should be.I ordered the Dulce de Leche Churros. Its 6 pcs. of crispy golden brown churros showered with sugar. Neatly topped with homemade Dulce de Leche. After a bite one word came to mind, "DELICIOSO!". You will feel the light crispiness with sugar sprinkles, a small touch of the dough core, followed by the pure sweet flavor of the Dulce de Leche. It made me feel I was offered a treat from Spain. I had their Green Tea over iced. It was probably the purest Green Tea drink I ever had, because it wasn't too sweet. There is some milk and a tea bag inside the drink. It's tea-ish, you may need to add sugar to sweeten it a bit. Having this with your churros may not be best suited but it is refreshing. Also, I ordered the Cafe con Leche. It's cafe latte in a 12oz. cup. This Spanish white coffee goes well with the churros. I recommend this, its like wanting coffee with your donuts! Inside Caliente's is a bit small but they have outdoor seating. The ambience is like your typical modern cafe. The menus are nice, just by looking at the photos it makes you want everything they have. I'm definitely coming back to try out their Churro Grande. Its one big piece. I would like to try out the guava and chocolate flavors. Their flavor toppings are homemade and doesn't disappoint. Overall, this one of the best finds in L.A. for a sweet treat anytime of the day. Its authentic-ness beats out any "dried out tasting churros" you'll find at a corner street or county fair.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,7/27/2014,388,164,12,16,13>DE-LI-CIOUS! I've been meaning to try Sugarfish for the longest time, but I never had the chance to until today. Everyone has been raving about this place, and I believe it met my high expectations. There are 2 common options you can go with--either the Trust Me ($30) or Trust Me Lite ($20). I chose to order the Trust Me Lite only because I already had another meal before coming here. I didn't realize that this order would mean that I only get 1 sushi piece instead of 2. It is VERY light. Next time I come, I will definitely get the Trust Me. Their sashimi is, for lack of a better word, soft. The best way I can describe it is that it melts in your mouth. I tried an order of Uni ($9.95) and an order of their sweet shrimp. It was my first time trying uni and I'm not sure if I'll order it again. The texture more than anything was what bothered me the most. It feels like partially solidified butter, and it also doesn't help that it's not aesthetically pleasing. The order of the sweet shrimp was amazing. It's chewy but also melts in your mouth. It has a hint of lemon and it's also very buttery. So, now let's talk about their rice. I'm not a huge fan of rice, but there's something about their rice that I'm completely obsessed with. It's sticky with a little tangy twist. I might be making it up, but there's definitely something different about their rice that I love. REMINDER: If your birthday is coming up, be sure to sign up for the birthday deal! You're gifted with a free Trust Me or Trust Me Lite. You MUST go on your actual birthday and show ID. It's a pretty sweet deal if you ask me.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/26/2014,4161,1558,10,20,15>Free appetizer with Yelp check in!Delmonico's Lobster House boasts dark rich wood seatings with sun-inviting sky windows.  It has open seating as well as private booths.  I sat in a private booth and found it rather enjoyable.I ordered the seafood salad for under $20.  Unlike other places that place mounds of greens and very little seafood, Delmonico's was generous with crabmeat, shrimp, scallop, and possibly lobster meat.  Service was very prompt.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,7/25/2014,407,186,16,19,17>6/5 - I was never a huge fan of ramen until now! I always thought it was too salty, and I usually felt sick afterwards... Umenoya, on the other hand, is on a different level. To this day, I still crave a nice hot bowl of ramen.. Umenoya definitely converted me...!My bf and I came on a Saturday evening. The seating area is pretty limited, so we had to wait 15 minutes. Once we were seated, I ordered their spicy miso ramen + fried squid, and my bf got their fried rice. No words can describe how amazing this bowl of soup was!!!! The chasu was so flavorful, so tender, so beautiful. The broth was addicting, rejuvenating, and not overly salty. It came with a boiled egg + scallions + onions + cabbage + bamboo shoots (and more, I forget..), which complimented everything nicely. The noodles were absolutely perfect. I was a bit sick, but after devouring this bowl of heaven, I felt so much better. THANK YOU!!!!!The fried squid came with a side of mayo and salad. It was hot, crunchy, and chewy - the ideal sharing appetizer. My bf's fried rice came as a cute little mound, served with a side of ginger and soup. That too was very tasty and filling.Service was attentive, friendly, and efficient. They're open really late (~3am!), so I'm definitely coming back if I have late night munchies. Or anytime really. I want to go right now.....Umenoya, thank you for changing my entire view on ramen. I will forever praise and tell my friends about you! :)
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,7/24/2014,360,425,24,24,24>Since the last time I came here, they added a happy hour!  Perfect for me and my loud mouth friends who were looking for a place to meet & catch up.  We came to Paiche on whim and found new cocktails and fancy Peruvian food.  Win!  Paiche is a great tapas stop especially for seafood lovers.  HH is served from 2:30 - 6 PM daily.  My fav off this menu is the ceviche served sashimi style on a citrus/yuzu/olive oil sauce.  You can pick from the list of seafood including shrimp, albacore, seabass, crab, salmon... The yuquitas (yucca fritters with manchego cheese) were amazing and at $5 it is a good HH deal.  I suggest ordering 2 as they come two a dish and the spicy tuna toast was definitely a tiny portion. Note the tapas = small size because you will likely have to order two sets or you may still be hungry.  If you come starving, your bill will be high, no doubt about it!  Next time, I'll try the arroz con conchas because other reviewers were praising it.  Menu here:  paichela.com/foodI was surprised by the list of complex handcrafted cocktails.  There is a drink for everyone and the bartenders put a lot of care into the presentation and flavors in the drinks.  I will note that bar takes a while to get drinks out, but just be patient because the cocktails are worth it; they are unique and classy. Of course, the pisco sour is a must try here, but the Fifth Dynasty with a strange mix of seaweed, cumin, tequila, and lime was a captivating combination.  paichela.com/cocktailsWe ordered a few dishes to share and my favorite was the Saltado de Camarones which is shrimp sauteed with homemade pasta, tomatoes and the lomo saltado sauce.  I know it is for sharing, but I could easily finish this on my own.  My husband and I eat Peruvian food a lot and Paiche takes classic flavors and adds a fine, yet intentional twist on the food.  I love it!  This place is pricey, but come during HH if you have never been here to try some popular dishes and get a feel for Paiche's Peruvian flair. This restaurant is in the marina area by the movie theater and DSW.  It seems that they did a remodel of the area because they have a bunch of new restaurants across the way.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/23/2014,462,171,22,27,25>I have driven past this restaurant many times and never really paid it a lot of attention.  From the exterior, it really looks like some kind of sports bar that happens to be right along the ocean on PCH in Malibu. Looks can be deceiving.Driving up, there is a valet service for $7.00.  Save yourself fhe hassle of trying to find a spot somewhere on PCH and just use this service. Fast and it can't possibly be more convenient.My date had made the reservation on Wednesday for Saturday and couldn't get us in before 7:30 pm. I called at 5:30.  The conversation went like this: "I'm sorry, but we can't get you in any earlier than 7:30. What did you say your name was? Oh, well when would you like to come in? 6 pm?  Ok, we will see you then!"  How did THAT happen?  Our lucky day! Parked the car with the valet and walked in.  There is an entryway with the hostess stand where we were greeted immediately and courteously.  The hostess told us she had a nice table for us at the window overlooking the ocean.  STUNNING VIEWS!!! There are two rows of seating in a narrow dining area. Our table sat next to a panoramic glass wall where you could look at the waves crashing on the rocks below and actually feel the vibration of the building and hear them!  It was lovely! Our server was very personable, cheerful and knowledgeable about the menu.  She gave some suggestions based on her preferences but said it is really personal taste.  She couldn't have been more right.  We had the feeling that we could have ordered anything there and not made a bad decision.  Wine by the glass list is relatively short, in case that is important to you.  They do have a full bar and there is an outdoor bar area where people were gathered enjoying the views of the surf.  We ordered the scallops for an appetizer.  Remarkable!  Three perfectly seared scallops, very tender and flavorful, on a bed of salad.  I could have eaten just that for dinner and been completely satisfied.  He ordered the black cod with a ponzu sauce served with rice and bok choy.  I had the chilean sea bass with sautéed garlic spinach and substituted the black rice for yukon gold mashed potatoes.  Both were tender with flavors that worked brilliantly.   When I asked about the substitution, our server sweetly said, "We can put anything on there for you that you like" Fabulous!  Dessert was panna cotta with a fresh fruit sauce made with strawberries and raspberries.  Again excellent!Moonshadows, you are my new favorite restaurant in Malibu!   Thanks for a wonderful evening!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/22/2014,2371,1713,53,66,63>Take a culinary walk on the wild side with exotic meats and kinky sausages at a restaurant with the most tame of names: Peas & Carrots.Burger (6-8 oz) or Slider (2 oz) Meats: - Wild Boar - Elk - NZ Red Deer - Duck - Kangaroo - Camel - Wagyu - Lamb - BuffaloGourmet Sausages: - Pheasant with Cognac - Venison with Blueberry - Wild Boar with Cranberry - Buffalo with Chipotle - Hawaiian Portuguese Sausage - OMG Dog - Alligator "Smoked"I was expecting vegetarian salads, organic soups, and healthy sandwiches ... which they probably have ... at a place called Peas & Carrots across the street from a hospital, but once the carnivore in me saw the list of meats there was only one question: "How many to try?".Before I get to the fleshy fare, understand that visiting Peas & Carrots is an experience well beyond the unfamiliar and extraordinary food. The hub & key character at Peas & Carrots is Mark -- the owner of this small family restaurant. Much like the meats, the owner is wild. He's an outgoing, gregarious, sincere, and mesmerizing source of foodie love ... like a daemon born from the ashes of Guy Fieri, the Mad Hatter, John Cena, Dionysus, the Soup Nazi, and P. T. Barnum. In an effort to try as many bizarre beasts as possible, I opted for four sliders with a side of Carrot Salad and a Big Daddy IPA. The sliders are served with dollops of sauces: Hoisin, Chipotle, Horseradish, and Wasabi. Try each meat first then experiment with the sauces. Here are my recommendations: * Wild Boar: Soft & juicy meat; Great with either Hoisin or Horseradish  * NZ Red Deer: Hearty & meaty; Excelled with Wasabi or Chipotle  * Camel: Lean and mean; Perfect for Horseradish, but not Hoisin * Kangaroo: My fave and very lean; Rocked with Chipotle or HorseradishThe Carrots, Coleslaw, and Fries (free from the owner) were fine, but not the reason to go to Peas & Carrots. The selection of bottled beers is nice (Happy Hour starts at 3:00). I loved the smooth hops of the Big Daddy IPA (San Francisco). The owner brought out a free piece of Belgian Dark Chocolate & Peanut Butter Brownie that merged the deep flavors of both. A small chunk is all you need of its decadence.Peas & Carrots was a wild ride of flavors and discoveries. The food (and service) isn't fast, but you won't care sitting on the heated patio sipping a beer and contemplating Kangaroo or Camel. The energy and exotics go together like Peas and Carrots at this restaurant and, perhaps, that's how it got its name.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,7/21/2014,1110,542,12,17,14>Very impressed VV!Had dinner here last night and I really enjoyed my time here. I had the a trio sampler of ravioli, risotto with shrimp and chocolate covered coco puffs!Great location on Main st. love the ambiance and service. Great place for a dinner date. Ladies, show up in a dress and heels :)Valet, street parking. I'm a fan!-Miss Yelp 2014
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,7/20/2014,299,304,8,13,9>Pretty good banh mi for the area. I feel like there aren't that many great Vietnamese restaurants in this area so it was nice to find a place like this. I did enjoy the banh mi and thought that the flavors were good. The only issue I had was the cost! This was definitely the most expensive banh mi I've ever eaten. For $7, you can get 2 or even 3 banh mi in Westminster that are, in my opinion, some of the best! We had the pork meatball and roasted roasted pork sandwiches. Both were flavorful and filled with a good amount of meat. We also had a Vietnamese coffee which was strong...just the way it should be! This is probably the best banh mi that I've had in Torrance but definitely not the best I've ever had. The service is great and the staff is super friendly! Cute little place that's worth checking out...just keep an eye out for the yellow awning.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,7/19/2014,703,398,12,16,13>Love DineLA! And this particular place really gives you bang for your buck! My friend and I both went home with doggy bags and we couldn't even finish our desserts!For $25, you get an appetizer, entree, and dessert. The portions were quite large and everything we had was great. It's a fusion place so you could essentially mix and match between the apps and entrees. As with all dining experiences for me personally, the desserts were the best part! We ordered one of each: the banana custard cake with milk chocolate ice cream and a yogurt based "ice cream" pop with crushed pistachios. We both liked the banana cake more. The banana flavor is too overpowering in some desserts, but this custard cake with the caramelized top was absolutely delish!! The caramelized top gave a nice sweet crunch and the cake itself was dense, but not too rich. And the milk chocolate ice cream...YUM. The ice cream pop was too neutral tasting. Even the pistachios did nothing for the blandness.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,7/18/2014,855,592,18,22,22>Get a whiff of that Wiffle...?I did, so I came back...* GET - Garlic fries = SUPER garlic-y.  Yums.  Yes for breakfast.  Yes I ate it all.* GET - Chicken on Fire = S.O. got this, SO spicy and good!  Dense yummy waffles~* MEH - Portabello eggs benedict = Mini waffles instead of english muffins, well-poached eggs, but the SWEET lemony hollandaise on top of ze eggs?  Yea not-so-good...weird tasting combo.  * YES - Such fast, great service every time* YES - No wait for early breakfast on a weekend* YES - Takes reservations* YES - Family friendly, and indoor or few outdoor seating* WOA:- Free lot in back with spaces reserved for Bru customers, or street meter parkingBru's for brunch!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,7/16/2014,458,100,10,14,10>This review is for Happy hour only.. 5 star Happy Hour rating!!!I had a afternoon meeting last week in the area and after i finished, was looking for a restaurant to eat seafood  for a late lunch in the area .So I  went through my yelp bookmarks  and I found SMS ..Luckily I found metered parking out front and after reading some yelp reviews was prepared for a wait for a seat at the bar for Happy Hour(Mon-Fri 2-5pm)My luck continued and was able to immediately find a seat.Next I scanned the Happy hour menu and ordered 6 oysters($2 each ) of Kushis, Kumamotos and Malpeque...They were very fresh and probably the best oysters I have had in some time with great depth and the flavors of the sea in each oyster..I have had probably eaten at about 8 seafood restaurants since Christmas all pretty high end so to say this place was the best is a strong recommendation....Next had the crab cakes($5 for happy hour) ..This was decent size with a side of green salad....Next Ceviche($5 during Happy Hour) and another must get dish...Very tasty and the juice it was soaked in had a little spicy kick ....Finished with New England clam chowder..WOW..Another home run..This chowder was creamy with nice chunks of clams..Another must get dish..This is not on the happy hour menu but its $5 for a cup or $8 for a bowl....Well worth it...They also had a couple of beers on tap and red and white wines on Happy hour for $5.Only about 6-8 seats at the bar for Happy hourThey have about 10/12 tables for regular dining for lunch or dinner.I will definetly be back for Happy hour They do have a full menu of various fish(Salmon, Sea bass, Halibut, catfish, John Dory, mahi mahi, snapper, sole, swordfish, trout etc) , shellfish(Blue crab, Dungeness crab, Mussels) prawns, lobster , plentiful oyster selection(Fanny, Eastern, Kumamoto, Kushi, Malpeque,  etc)  and various salads etc as wellPrice range is on the higher end ranging from about $10-$45++Full bar...The do have a full service retail store with a large  U Shaped fish counter with many seafood items presented over a bed of ice..One thing I really liked for a location this large was no fishy smell..I was very clean and pleasant unlike some Asian Supermarkets with a retail seafood department that reeks like spoiled fish..Parking in back of store and if your lucky 2 hour street metered parking out frontBest deal is Happy hour from 2-5 but will be back for regular dining for lunch /dinner soon!!!Must try when in area if you like seafood and especially Oysters....So book mark this place and you will be thanking me later!!!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2014,7/15/2014,345,263,11,14,13>4.5 stars!+Hidden in the same plaza where loft is located. Next to Astro Karaoke and there will be plenty of parking space.+Loved the modern décor! They use lots of wood and it looks beautiful. They light up candles on the counter for dinner and has nice ambience. Definitely can take your significant other here for casual date night dinner.+Cute waitress! Her mom is the owner of the restaurant and she's beautiful as well and super charming. They both have smile on their face :)+They serve plenty of alcohol. Anything from beer, shochu, wine, plum wine, etc. Pick your poison!+The dinner menu is quite extensive. They have hearty dinner plates like hamburger dinner plate that comes with miso soup and rice, pasta dishes, curry, gratin, and many more. I ordered the seafood saffron pasta dish and it was BOMB. My dish had mussel, squid, shrimp, and I think scallop eyes. They also use fresh pasta so the spaghetti was so moist and slightly chewy in a good way. Japanese people would say their noodle is "mocchiri". LOVE IT! I cleaned my plate last night with no shame. If I had a bread, I probably would have sweeped all my sauce clean too haha.+I took a bite of my friend's carbonara was really creamy and good as well!+They also serve desserts and I had the opportunity to try their custard pudding. HOLY CRAP, this was SO GOOD. My friend is a pudding connoisseur and she swore by me that it was the best pudding she's ever had and trust me, she has tried custard pudding/flan at everywhere she could get her hands on. The custard wasn't too soft or too hard, just the right texture with semi sweet caramel sauce on the bottom. The combination was perfect! -I think the only down side is that this restaurant is not big & knowing how good it is, it might get packed easily. Make sure to come in early and save yourself a seat!
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/14/2014,630,80,11,13,12>It was my first visit, so I'll need to go back once more, and re-write this. I ordered a chicken club sandwich, and it tasted pretty good. I tried the drive thru, and actually could not find my wallet because it had slid in between my cars seat. The guy in the drive-thru simply said, 'it's on us today'. For that I definitely need to go back. Great customer service.More to write once I make my second visit.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,7/13/2014,791,331,16,20,18>it seems at odds to find deep fried fish tacos from a stand at a Farmers Market but that is exactly where you will find Ensenada Fish Taco's. They are at the Encino Farmers Market  every Sunday morning to early afternoon.  There are several juice, day old bagel and food stands which offer a small variety of cooked food but this stand is usually the busiest. . So while you are shopping for your healthy fruits and veggies for the week  you can calorie splurge on a  touch of authentic Mexican comfort food with all the fixings. The batter is light with a great crunch and the fish is firm and fresh( Tilapia or Sole I am guessing). They make everything to order so the fish doesn't absorb the oil all that much or at least that's my justification for the the indulgence.  yelp.com/biz_photos/ense…Their salsa bar has everything from cabbage, crema and lot's of tangy, spicy and mild green and red salsa's which are the perfect accompaniment to the tacos. You can fix em up anyway you like and they even have some deep fried jalapenos for those with the stomach.      Three sizable filet's and a drink can be had for $11 and it's enough for one hungry person or two less ravenous to share which is s decent value. Individual tacos are $4. yelp.com/biz_photos/ense…They do sell out sometimes and the word is out as indicated by the lengthy lines reminiscent of a good food truck. yelp.com/biz_photos/ense… I have partaken a few times and they have been consistently good so count me as a repeat and satisfied customer.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,7/12/2014,532,89,26,36,33>Shin Sen Gumi, that name and reputation is all to well known by the majority of Torrance and Gardena.It is also one of the most successful Japanese restaurant chains in Los Angeles. Shin Sen Gumi also has four different types of restaurants: yakitori, chanko (aka hot pot), hakata ramen, and shabu shabu. Pronounced "shin sen goo-me", Shin Sen Gumi stated on their website that the actually name of the restaurant was taken from the historical samurai clan who fought for a great "cause" during a civil war in Japan and their commitment to excellence and sincerity of service to the nation became the restaurant's model for serving excellent, traditional Japanese cuisine to their valuable customers.This Shun Sen Gumi location is actually their first and orginal Shin Sen Gumi location which is why their efficiency and customer service here is top notch. Many people are usually familar with the Japanese dishes of teriyaki chicken, ramen, udon noodles and maybe even sushi because they are more common. But, most people are pretty new on trying yakitori dishes.   As Shin Sen Gumi explains it, "yakitori" is every edible part of the chicken that is cut into bite size pieces, then skewered with bamboo sticks and charboiled with radiant heat from charcoaled wood . Besides chicken, you will also find on their menu that they serve skewered beef, pork, various vegetables and seafood which we also refer to as yakitori. Their yakitori also comes with a choice of salt or teriyaki sauce flavor and are cooked using charcoaled wood to enhance the flavor. Yakitori with ponzu (citrus seasoned vinegar) and yuzu kosho along side chopped cabbage lightly sprinkled with ponzu , is the real Hakata style yakitori .I was pretty interested that they cooked with charcoaled wood seeing how it could intesive the flavors and all but, I was intrigued on the process of how it allowed the meat to cook evenly.So I did some reseach and I found out that when you cook with the heat too high you burn the outside while the inside remains uncooked. When you cook with the heat too low, the food keeps it's raw odor. When you use a charcoaled wood, the intensity of the heat can easily be controlled with the use of a hand fan, and cooking the food can be kept at a constant temperature giving the food a delicious taste while avoiding the raw odor. Also the ash on the burning charcoaled wood radiates infrared rays that are used for cooking. The infrared rays cook through the food, cooking the inside and outside evenly, thus sealing in the flavor.My favorite yakitori dishes here are:Thigh with Green Onion (Salted Flavor)(This has got to be one of the best yakitori dishes this restaurant is known for. This dish or stick if I might say so is really tasty and delicious when you first bite into the first part of the stick and you feel the texture of tender chicken with a smoky aroma from the charcoal wood and the last finishing touches of the salt =)Thigh with Green Onion (Yakitori Sauce Flavor)(Another favorite of mine. The same tender chicken texture in a rich yakitori sauce. A must if this is your first time trying yakitoris.)Meatball(Japanese meatballs in the tasty yakitori sauce. Whats not to love.)Pros:-They are open 7 days a week, every day of the year, even on holidays. (Now that is dedication!)-The service is almost too friendly.(Checking up on you every so often if you need anything with a big smile on their faces.)-HAPPY HOUR!(They have an amazing happy hour deals on: Mon, Tue, Wed 9:30PM-close on popular yakitori items for $1.50!)Cons:-This place can get pretty loud so if you are here on a date or an important business meeting this is not the place. (You can bearly hear yourself think here, let alone the other person sitting next to you.)Overall, whether you are picking up a meal on the go, having a family dinner, or enjoying a drink with your friends, this is the right place to come enjoy a refreshing and pleasant dining experience.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,7/11/2014,1487,34,15,21,18>Sure yogurtland has more flavors but menchies has plenty to choose from a wife variety of them. All the flavors taste true to form and their topping bar is more extensive than most yogurt shops. Price didn't seem more expensive than anywhere else but then again I went pretty easy in my content size. Only paid $3.40 for a decently hefty portion and 3 toppings. What more can you ask for. Kids were everywhere and having fun there. They have a chalkboard for them to write on so know it's super kid friendly to all the parents out there ...I will be bringing my daughter here for sure. This location also is perfect (set in the heart of Montana ave) so you can stroll around the area which is gorgeous
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,7/10/2014,136,119,7,16,8>Yallllllllll I love this place. The decor is cute and modern and easy street parking after 6pm right in front. Wasn't too busy when I went on a Monday night for 8pm dinner. Started off with:The lobster hushpuppies which were perfectly cooked- just crispy enough on the outside and tender on the inside.... Don't forget to dip it in the orange aioli type sauce. ( spicy mayo most likely lol) Then some pork gyoza.... These are simple and you can't really mess up gyoza so- it was good- hahaAlso had their angel wings- spicy tuna wrapped in thinly sliced radish- with some pesto sauce. Super fusion- but good. Had the dragon roll as my main dish- and had some of my moms shrimp tempura. My boyfriend also got an order of salmon sushi.Total with an order of hot sake for mom came out to $68. Not happy hour prices but pretty good for all the food we got I think. And the food was quality! And fresh tasting. Definitely coming back here and making this one of my go to spots on the west side! AND the service was great- super friendly waitress who checked in on us not to much and not to little. :) I'm satisfied.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/9/2014,4014,2434,27,34,31>***Monkish Brewery Co. (a brewery with a modern tasting room, a wide variety of craft beers and a great atmosphere) is a real hidden gem; it is tucked away in a nondescript Torrance business/office park***Monkish Brewery Co. is a real hidden gem.  It is tucked away in a small and nondescript office park, which makes it hard to find.  There are no splashy signs or corporate design around the building that houses Monkish Brewery Co. Even when you get close to Monkish Brewery Co., you might not know exactly what it is.  However, once you step inside, you are transported to a very clean, nicely designed, industrial, and modern tasting room.The main tasting room is small.  It showcases several tables and a nice counter area where you can order beer or participate in a tasting.  Their beers of the moment are attractively displayed on a chalkboard.  Soft drinks and salty snacks like peanuts, pretzels and pistachios are also available.In the back of the tasting room is the brewery as well as an open garage-like area where there are more tables and even a television that shows whatever major sporting event is going on.  Alongside the tables, barrels are setup with product bags on top to provide a sort of seating arrangement.  The setting immediately reminds me of the attractive, hipster craft brewery featured prominently in the movie Drinking Buddies.  The craft brewery in that movie was the perfect venue for spending time and having drinks with friends and the same goes for Monkish Brewing Co.Along with the great atmosphere, Monkish Brewery Co. offers their beer two ways: full glasses or a very reasonably priced tasting of several beers with very generous pours.  Draft beers are delivered in all kinds of colors and flavor highlights like nuts, herbs, spices, and fruits (the Seme Della Vita had a complex flavor and a very smooth finish).  I think they had twelve or so beers on tap so there is a lot of variety here and these beers are very rare and hard to find (even in the South Bay).Monkish Brewery Co. does not have a kitchen, but they do bring in food on Thursdays and Fridays (I think food is available on Saturdays as well).  Thursdays are generally a pizza night; a local pizzeria is brought in so that you can enjoy hot pizza with some of their beers here.  A gourmet food truck is often featured on Friday nights.  While there is not a great selection of food, Monkish Brewery Co. does allow you to bring in your own food so Monkish Brewery Co. also acts a great impromptu picnic with beer spot.Service is pleasant and quick.  While it is difficult to grab an open table, it does not appear that the brewery gets too crowded.  As long as you arrive early, you should be able to avoid frustratingly long lines.Prices for their full glasses are a tad on the high side, but (as mentioned) their tastings feature generous pours (and the ability to select 4 beers) at a reasonable price ($8).Monkish Brewery Co. is a real find.  It is not the type of a place that I would expect to find in this unremarkable office park.  It is also not the type of a place I would expect to find in Torrance--a city known for great Japanese cuisine but not really known for other types of cuisine.  If you work in the Torrance area and enjoy craft beer, Monkish Brewery Co. is a must visit to have a good time with friends and/or co-workers.Free parking is available in this office park's attached lot.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/8/2014,1682,713,31,37,37>Gastropubs are a great idea and we have our "distant cousins" across the pond in England to thank for coming up with this concept.  They are places where you are supposed to be able to get some good craft beer all while dining on some unique, gourmet-like bar food at the same time.Rockefeller has been around now since 2011 and I'm amazed that this is the first time I've actually come here.  It was over the weekend with fellow Yelper and buddy Joseph A. who had an itch to come down to the beach.I like the layout of the restaurant with their open-air patio except on this day, it was somewhat chilly down by the beach.  Fortunately, the hostess who had initially seated me at a table by the window perhaps noticed me shivering and came and asked if I wanted them to turn on the heater to which I gratefully said yes.  That was a thoughtful and accommodating gesture on her part and I knew I was liking this place already.Our server brought over our menus and it had a really large selection of beers, wines and eats.  We decided to split a few items and ordered the Chicken and Waffles and the Meat Frittata which had sausage and bacon.  We also each had an Allagash White to enjoy as a beverage.  Our server recommended that we go with the Breakfast Burrito as one of our choices saying it's one of their most popular plates and was quite good so we agreed with her and switched out the Chicken and Waffles.I was enjoying the lively atmosphere and as other reviewers had commented, it is a little loud in the place with the acoustics but I liked the architecture and layout of the restaurant and it did make it slightly difficult to hold a conversation.  Our food was finally delivered and they both looked very appetizing.  Out of the two plates, the Breakfast Burrito was the true winner coming with braised short rib, egg, bacon, avocado, pepper jack and hash browns.  It came with a nice red sauce and cheese on top to make this dish even more irresistible.  The Meat Frittata was just okay, however.  It lacked seasoning but there was really none to add to it on the table nor were we asked if we wanted any.  It also came with some potatoes that were mixed with onions and bell peppers which were good.  I was silently wondering how they had prepared this dish and whether they had microwaved it because it didn't seem like it was baked and so I'm really, really, REALLY, hoping they didn't because I gave up using the microwave ions ago due to it just killing and rendering the food completely un-nutritious, but I digress.I enjoyed my visit here and would say I would definitely be back again.  I noticed too that on Tuesdays during happy hour, you could order one of their burgers for $0.99 if you order a beer that's $6.00 or more.  From the reviews, it appears you get a pretty hefty burger too and not some puny slider.Reviewers say the service was lacking but I found our server to be really on top of things and friendly.  I look forward to returning again to partake in the lively atmosphere and to try out some of the other beer and plates and to come back for the $0.99 burger.  Stay tuned for Chapter 2...
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/7/2014,134,157,13,19,14>Not bad for what you get! Today was their opening day and it was BOGO free! Small is $4.50 and Large is $5.50. Each topping is 50 cents and I think the "drizzle sauces" are free.They have fruits for their toppings as well as some other stuff like chocolate chips, grass jelly, coffee jellies etc.They give a good amount of toppings and shaved snow for what you pay for. However, I would highly recommend them to take out one of their less popular toppings and put in egg pudding and/or rice mochi balls like Blockheads does to compete with them. Overall, it's a great location because it's close to where UCLA students live so it has potential! Just might need to change up the toppings more and advertise their store on a wider scale.**CASH ONLY**
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,7/6/2014,561,853,10,15,12>Well, I was quite surprised to learn that I had never written a review for Angel City Café back when I first came here in September 2013.  I really enjoyed it, and thought it was a minimum of 4.5 stars, if not 5 that night.  I got their potato crusted sea bass, and it was every bit as good as other Yelpers had said.  I wanted to come back with my husband (was with a friend back then).  As for the review, it must've gotten lost in the shuffle of my NYC trip and all the fun places we went to there, but I digress.  Here's the thing...... this past Friday when I returned with my husband, I am sorry to say they've been knocked to 4 stars.  That's not bad, of course, but some things hit me wrong that removed any ideas of awarding 5.  We walked in, both nicely dressed from work, WITH a reservation and lots of empty tables.  The waitress proceeded to seat us in a small, sequestered area with high tables and high up chairs to match......the kind where your legs never quite fit where the foot rest is, and it's just really uncomfortable.  Why, I ask, did she have to seat us THERE?  We could have had any choice of table with as many that were available, the normal height table with normal chairs where your feet touch the ground, but no, she chose to put us, almost like she was hiding us......there.  I asked to be moved, and she actually hesitated as if it was ruining her plan.  She did move us to a table right by the kitchen.....where (possibly the owner) was standing.  I really didn't want to have anyone watching me the entire time, but this was better than sitting off in the corner in the high chairs, too.  I don't know, it just was weird, and it upset me.  My husband was in the men's room for all this....... if he had seen how this went down, he would have been PISSED.Okay, fine, we're seated, and I'm just thinking back to the food and how it's going to be so yummy.  The same lady who seated us then brought our drinks.......iced tea.  One problem..... NO ice.  Okay, now I'm really upset... where is the ice in the iced tea?  This is just a small issue, I grant you, but don't bring me an iced tea WITHOUT ice.....especially after the seating issue.Enter the waiter.  David.  David saved the day.  Thank goodness HE was our waiter and not that idiot female whoever she was.  David was sweet, charming, and quite helpful.  He made it possible for us to thoroughly enjoy the rest of our time there, and he took good care of us, offering recommendations and keeping tabs on our dining needs/wants.  Thanks to David, we enjoyed the following.......Soft, warm, bread served with a balsamic sauce of some kind...... quite unique and yummy !!Caesar Salad - you know what that isAngel City Café Chopped Salad, which was comprised of Genoa salami, provolone, parmesan, checca (tomatoes seasoned with basil and garlic), and avocado in a Caesar dressingGrilled Tri-Tip served w/ BBQ sauce and French friesGrilled Rosemary Chicken, served with Fingerling potatoes and choice of sauce: Forest mushroom or lemon-butter with capers, but because of David, he brought me BOTH !!I really enjoyed what I had .... the chopped salad and the rosemary chicken dish.  Everything was super delicious, and I had fun dipping the chicken in both sauces.... I really liked the mushroom sauce, but the lemon caper sauce won out.  That was my fave.  I do have one criticism, however.  The chicken dish, as tasty as it was, had too much salt.....even beyond the capers.  I could taste it throughout the chicken, the sauces, potatoes and even the veggies, and the proof was in how thirsty I was the remainder of the evening.  While I love lots of flavor, I am an advocate of using other spices and/or herbs to get there in addition to only moderate amounts of salt.......but it could have been just the night we went because I don't recall the potato crusted sea bass or its accompaniments that night being anywhere near as salty.Well, I had my complaints for this evening, to be sure, but I still think it deserves 4 stars here, and I enjoyed the food enough to warrant yet another return visit.....and my hubby feels quite the same.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,7/5/2014,103,49,13,18,15>I usually hate to be "that guy" who comes in minutes before closing and wants to order food, but I was starving and all my boyfriend wanted to eat was Thai fried rice, so it seemed as though I was stuck between a rock of a boyfriend and my own growling stomach. Got to Smile Thai at 8:50. They close at 9. Whelp, guess I'm "that guy" today. Sorry Smile Thai! Despite our late arrival, they were more than willing to let us order for to-go. No dirty looks, no snide comments. Just good old customer service. We placed out order and the whole thing (5 items plus 2 Thai teas) was ready within 10 minutes! Everything was packed tightly in a brown bag and then double bagged with plastic. Extra safe for my crazy, hungry drive home. The food we got was delicious and totally satisfied my Thai food craving. My Tom Kha Kai coconut soup was my favorite thing I ordered. It was a little spicy, but slightly more on the sour side, which is exactly how I like it.  All in all, great experience. I can't wait to return for dine-in!!  (hopefully we make it there well before closing next time. lol.)
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,7/4/2014,1533,108,7,19,14>I am in love with this place. I bring my son here often and he always has a great time. The food here is amazing and every Friday they have a cute little party for the kids with a dj. This is like the spot for all the cool kids lol. I can just come here bring my laptop or phone and there is an outlet to plug into and have something good to eat while my son enjoys his time with other kids and the staff, whom by the way are really good with kids.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,7/3/2014,400,155,15,26,20>Swept off my feet on my first visit !   A tiny place with such great Indian & Pakastani food, and amazingly low prices !I was very happy I decided to come here on a Friday because that's the day for their Special Lamb Palau --  beautifully slow roasted Lamb Shank, tender and moist served atop a large platter of lighter than air Basmati Rice !   I'm not much of a rice fan, but I couldn't stop myself from eating a fair share of this delightful stuff !The yellow Lentil Daal was deliciously spiced and perfectly cooked - like a split pea soup only at a higher level of being !As I mentioned it was my first visit, they brought me some Papadums - crispy, light baked bread that is like giant potato chips - served with a delightful sweet and sour dipping sauce that tasted like sour cherry ( also went well with the rice. )Their mint chutney was just right on the spiciness for me.  So tasty  I could have slurped it down as a cold soup!  This was also good as a dipping sauce for the Papadums.I didn't get a chance to try the Raita this time, but did enjoy a "salty" Lassi ( yogurt drink ) as a refreshing finish to my meal.All this only came to $10 !   You can bet I'll be back !
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2014,7/2/2014,974,310,10,15,12>Have you ever needed the perfect birthday gift or hostess gift and not wanted to spend a lot of money? Enter this store!It's perfect for the last minute gift, some extra pizazz on an outfit and/or some flair or kitsch.  Everyone needs at least three pieces of FLAIR! I got a lot of my family Christmas and holiday gifts here! Sweet!  The price point is very good at they have creative and cute gifts: pajamas, mugs, signs and jewels galore!  This is a safe bet!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/1/2014,209,142,12,23,17>I love the food at Green Olive. Love it!Food 5/5- Beef Koobide Kebab ($15) - 2 skewers of ground sirloin beef (4 stars)- Free Bread puffed with air and served with Pesto Olive Oil - delicious (4 stars)- Filet Mignon Kebob ($19) - Big and soft chunks of filet mignon (5 stars) - Mushroom Pizza ($10) - gluten free ($3) and vegan cheese ($2) with white sauce, truffle oil, and four cheeses (5 stars)Service 4/5Nothing wrong with the service at all. I've been 3 times and each time they were quick. No problem using the Yelp check-in deal of a free soda, either.Price 4/5For this quality of food, the prices are competitive and a value because the portions are so large. Don't forget to check-in.Parking 5/5The plaza has shared parking with Starbucks and more in this convenient location in downtown Encino.Atmosphere 4/5Green Olive is clean and just the right brightness for a restaurant. Good for a date or dining solo.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/30/2014,271,146,12,18,15>Saturday a few friends wanted to enjoy the sun and have brunch at this place called Malibu Cafe. So I automatically assumed we would be out by the beach having seafood enjoying the ocean views. Little did I know, we would be nowhere near the beach and up in the Malibu hills at some secluded ranch. This place is way beyond awesome and the food is amazing! They walk you down this path either down on the ground level where there are several bars and an eating area with live performances or they take you up to the top deck area that overlooks the ranch with a bar. We ordered - MEATBALLS APPETIZER tomato ragu, basil, ricotta & country bread. [highly recommend A+++] - ALLAGASH BATTERED FISH TACOSflour tortilla, pineapple pico de gallo, chipotle-lime cabbage and cilantro. [three fish tacos, fresh fish, very filling!]- CALAMIGOS RANCH SALADromaine hearts, cabbage, iceberg, avocado, campari tomatoes, scallions, roasted corn, sweet pickled peppers, pumpkin seeds, feta cheese.[my girl ordered and it was pretty good]- PASSION FRUIT MOJITOS [very little alcohol. Couldn't really taste it]Overall, I was very pleased with the service and food. The atmosphere is beautiful and the live music adds to the nice, relaxing, sunny vibe. Also an extra bonus is, the ranch is dog friendly so as long as your dog is on a leash, they are more than welcomed to enjoy a day on the ranch with you.Now the reason this place received 5 Afros from me is because they have little sections where you can play games, either while you wait for your food or after you eat. They have Table Tennis, Shuffle Board and Corn Hole to help pass time. They also have "Lake Love" where you can either pay to use one of their row boats and a basket to have a picnic in the lake with your loved one, or you can take a free paddle boat and paddle around the lake for about 15 minutes and enjoy the scenery. We will definitely be coming back to this place again. We are actually thinking about planning my birthday here. I think I'm in Love with Malibu Cafe! OOOOO5 out of 5 Afros
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/29/2014,552,135,13,19,17>Ahh my secret om spot. I feel home, especially during the seasons when everything is bright & bloomy! I feel a bit guilty yelping such a phenomenal hideaway, **SIGH** but I must practice selflessness in this case, lol... as many fellow Yelper and Yelpees may benefit from this BEAUTIFUL land of peace. Advice? Share the experience with those whom you love. Bring a little cash as the on site store not only has some of the plants and seeds for sale they also have gorgeous bead bracelets and snacks (which are not permitted on grounds if bought off premiss).
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,6/28/2014,1263,227,11,12,12>Love this cute place!!! If you're looking for a nice brunch you definitely need to come here. It's located on a cute strip of small shops/restaurants not too far from the beach. The food is delish and the service is superb. I love the outdoor seating :) Good food, great location, beautiful setting, and fabulous owners. What more can you ask for?
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,6/27/2014,5000,1442,19,34,25>It's not what I expected.  Aluminum chairs and blonde wood tables, some that are high, and a chalkboard menu giving it none other than a rustic feeling.  Music playing is a euro-dance mix. The place is very small, seats about 20 in total, and is 1/3 the space of Feast from the East...just a few doors down.  Windows surround.On a Wednesday night at 615pm, it was empty (besides a guy drinking a Starbucks,  possibly an uncle).  It's not that people weren't out, the Pink Orchid bakery was packed.I couldn't decide between a stew and the chicken plate.  So I did both.  (Glad I did)The Gheimeh Stew was served first ($10).  A stew of subsidy, tomato based, beef and lentils, topped with a few shoestring fries.  Served with double rice (its exactly what I wanted), it was fluffy and perfect, with saffron atop and a bit of crispy rice.  Ridiculous. The chicken plate ($10) was, how do you say in English, wonderful?  Chicken without the skewer, it was the equivalent to 2 kabobs...and so tender and moist.  Perhaps the best chicken I've ever had.  Another portion of rice, yum, the salad was not your typical Arabic salad, it had Persian cucumbers, beets, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, and a herb-yogurt dressing. Double yum, and for $10 - it's a steal.By 7pm, 4 more people made its way to, as they say, the top of mountain (and all said, "it is good").  If not 5 star already, the girl behind the counter was very personable and enthusiastic.  She spoke both English and Farsi (I presume), and took with great care and concern that I enjoyed my meal.  Lady, I did.Thumbs up.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/26/2014,376,70,20,43,36>Okay, so the food isn't very authentic.. But it's really good! That's what matters, right? My favorite dish here is the grilled fish tacos. .. Who would have ever thought I'd pass up beer battered fish for grilled fish? Shocking, I know. These are some of the best grilled fish tacos I've ever had though! This is my go-to dish here because it's so freaking good, I can't get myself to order anything else anymore! However, the beer battered fish tacos, the shrimp tacos, the papaya salad & the works burrito all deserve honorable mentions. By the way, do yourself a favor and order a house margarita on the rocks - you won't be disappointed. The margaritas here taste really fresh (I can't speak for the blended ones, well, because that's just sacrilegious). Mm, they also serve my favorite Passion Iced tea.. ugh, so good... oo... and the salsa and chips they serve, man I love that salsa.. Self restraint is sooo difficult.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,6/25/2014,542,312,27,34,29>My instagram feed is all snow. Native westsiders going back to the east coast for school, work, etc. are absolutely caked in the fluffy stuff. Meanwhile, CA is in a drought. But, we can take solace in the fact we don't have to become a snowball waiting in line to get a cronut.Instead we can just stroll into a place like DKs with no lines and neverending cronuts. Actually, the call them O-nuts here and aside from Kettle Glazed in Hollywood, DK's is up there as far as cronut knockoffs go. There are some pros and cons of Kettle Glazed vs. DK and here are a few:PROs: DK has a buttload of flavors. So far I've had the Taro, Strawberry Nutella, and House Creme and all of them are pretty good. I'd say the Strawberry Nutella is a personal favorite. - If you want weird/seasonal/festive flavors DK is your store. They even have a flavor named after Ryan Seacrest.- Most DK O-nuts are about $3.95 so cheaper than Kettle Glazed which have cronuts at $5 a pop.- DK's O-nuts are massive. - DK also has a myriad of regular and classic donuts that are equally if not better than their famed O-nuts. The peanut butter/chocolate is a favorite. They also have smaller croissant donuts that are like bite sized O-nuts. - If you Yelp Check-In you'll get six free donut holes. (frosted, sprinkles, glazed)CONs: Kettle Glazed has probably the closest thing you'll get to Dominque Ansel's original cronut. But, if you're a donut fiend like me, you'll appreciate having a close option for really good cronut imitations. Is it Walter White levels of purity? Probably not but its more experimental and I like having options. Plus, I don't have to wait in the cold in NYC and become an ice cube. Ya-yay!* (*said like Ice Cube the rapper)
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/24/2014,1441,859,21,29,28>From ONE STAR to FIVE STARS!  Yogolicious has turned it around!  Hurrah!It's simple - get rid of the old Yogolicious owner (Older Asian Lady who was grumpy, filthy, and unsanitary) and in with the new owner, David!   Upon entering the store, my friends and I were greeted by a very friendly and upbeat guy.  We soon learned that his name was David and he recently took over the Yogolicious franchise.  The place is now CLEAN and SANITARY!  His workers are now all super friendly and courteous!  The place is now comfortable to visit!We are super excited to start patronizing this place again.  Best thing is that as of March 2014, Owner David has brought in HAWAIIAN SHAVED ICE!  He claims that the flavors are all from Hawaii and he gave us all samples.  It was delicious!  Period!  There are tons of flavors and the ice is shaved super thin!  I'm from Hawaii and am picky about my Shaved Ice.  I'll easily come back here again to support this local business!  In Hawaii, we say his shaved ice is ONO (Delicious!)!!!!Thanks, new owner, David, for bringing a great store to the neighborhood!  We all wish you the best of luck.  We all know you will do well because you are friendly and a great guy!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,6/23/2014,401,80,3,29,22>Agape is great. It has an amazing energy about it that incudes everyone who wants to be included. There speakers are world class. Each is unique and has something to offer if you are open to receive.  Its non-denominational. So if you are looking for a typical traditional old school Christian church you might be disappointed but I have no clue how anyone could be so unaware to think that Agape is a typical Christian church. There is no bible reading here. No man made rules about what you have to be to attend agape. The message tough is the universal spiritual principals and how to apply it to your life. No matter what of if you have your own religion.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/22/2014,280,346,7,11,10>It was the perfect spot for our group dinner! We had a friend visiting from out of town and this place seemed the best to be rowdy and rambunctious - as we all tend to be when we get together.  :PWe asked to sit on the patio as recommended by another yelper - which was exactly what we were looking for. The patio is cozy with dim lighting but it's not super romantic where a group of dudes would feel out of place. It can be busy, but it's not too loud and you have plenty of room between tables. The waiters and staff were all awesome! Great recommendations and fantastic customer service. Good photo taking skills too. ;) The burgers are great. I got the Alehouse Burger with Gorganzola - the cheese is a bit pungent for me but I still really enjoyed it! Three of the guys got the Hell Burger and it didn't phase them a bit - but they all love it hot anyway. They have a great selection of beers and mixed drinks. A whole page of the menu just for wine and an entire wall on the patio dedicated to their beers and IPAs. My Russian River IPA was awesome! I can't believe I haven't had that yet. Might be a new favorite.Street parking is available with meters, but just use the pay by spot west of Main street. You can comfortably get 3 hours on the spot and eat and play comfortably without worrying about getting a ticket. I look forward to coming back here! Great place for a good bite!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,6/21/2014,232,243,12,16,12>Whoa.. Now I loooove me a good chocolate croissant and this one.. is the MOST CHOCOLATE-LY one Ive had to date!!! Flocked here after reading other rave reviews from Yelpers and totally carb-loaded up! I got a couple of the chocolate croissants, the chocolate chip cookie, peanut butter cookie and a blueberry muffin to go!Location: Parking is sparse, literally like 10 spots total and they are usually all taken... Once I got home and noshed on my tasty sweets, I found out the chocolate croissant has not one... but TWO columns of chocolate strips inside the croissant!! Ensuring each bite is filled with chocolate croissant bliss..... total heaven.I personally also really liked the chocolate chip cookies, mine were moist and it almost looked like it was baked in a short muffin tin? The cookie actually had a bottom, like the stump of a muffin..(Seinfeld)...  and it tasted cakey.. which me likely... The peanut butter cookie and the muffin were for the hubby.. which he thought were just 'aight'.. All in all, I would definitely hit this place up for those in need for a chocolate fix!!!I am a FAN!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/20/2014,30,23,20,26,23>I hired them to move all my stuff  from Hollywood to Woodland Hills area. And I expected to spend all day on this move ( It has been the case with movers I have hired before those guys when I had less stuff), and it only took them three hours total for the whole thing so I even had time of the day to unpack and relax.They are the best and the fastest, I would definitely recommend them if you are moving soon.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,6/19/2014,341,221,10,17,11>OK, we love this place.I enjoy the BBQ and JAS loves the shabu shabu.  It's AYCE shabu if you come after 8pm on Mondays through Thursday, or until 5pm on the weekends, or the 4th week of the month during lunch.  The appetizer dishes are very good too.  I like the avocado gratin and the kintaro croquettes.The BBQ is fun but sometimes I get big flames... easily extinguished with ice cubes.The staff is ALWAYS fabulous.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/18/2014,63,134,18,24,17>Visited this place for the first time on 1/22/2014. I was welcomed in by Michael, he was a nice guy with great energy and very informative about the services I wanted. I am 36 years old, about to be 37 in a few weeks. I felt the need to start some Botox injections. I read up on it a bit before my consultation, but still felt a bit uneducated. After filling out some paperwork, I was led to the back by Michael and continued to ask him more questions. He was/is so helpful, he answered everything using minimal medical terms which I appreciated because I am not a Doctor, nor am I a medical student. A few minutes later Larissa came into the room to inject my youthfulness. She was very polite, sweet and also just as informative. I asked many questions, which I am sure I repeated a few. I was nervous. Larissa answered every question, calmly, informatively and nicely. The injections lasted maybe 5 minutes. I am very pleased with my first experience, and I started to notice results within a day. I was also told that the first time you receive Botox, it does not last as long as most say, Larissa informed me that your body is trying to fight it off and it may only last 2-3 months. That makes complete sense and I am happy that she told me this.This place has no intention of over charging clients for their benefit. She told me what was needed and never went above that. I asked her to start conservative and she told me that is how they treat all clients.I will definitely be back for Botox in the future. Clean place, informative personnel and good pricing. Thank you for my first wonderful experience. Try it...Love it...Yelp it...
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/17/2014,229,758,11,10,10>Pretty Cool little sports card and collectible store here in Tarzana. I didn't even know it existed until I saw it on facebook. Searching for cheap blank baseballs to take with me to the Dodgers fan festival next week and I stumbled upon this place. Good place to buy some if you are also looking. The guy was really friendly and seemed like he knew alot about collecting autographs and trading baseball cards. I've never really traded cards nor do I know about how this works so it was all kind of new to me. They had autographed jerseys, balls and a ton of other stuff. They even had this auction wall which I thought was unique where you could bid on baseball cards, jerseys and baseballs. Might be cheaper than Ebay. The only weird part was the creepy elevator or stairs you got to take because its upstairs.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/16/2014,380,235,10,12,12>4.5 stars but since it's Friday I'll round up.I had no idea what to expect upon entering. The set up of the restaurant is cozy/private with a touch of urban pop. For example, my table was separated by a metal criss cross gate forming a "fake" wall. The inside was "open" and casual with just enough lighting where it's not a forced "romanticism," but plenty to see what you're eating. Spinach Salad I could do without, but wasn't too bad. I would've liked more sauce/flavor, but it's a good dish to keep around for cleansing the palette. Squid ink pasta, very generous with the number of squid pieces and not too salty. My favorites would be the beef flanks in garlic sauce. I got it medium cooked and it was just perfect, the sauce was delicious, where I almost wanted to just drink it. However, I held myself back since I was in public. The daikon soaked up the sauce and I just ate it as so, don't judge me!The other favorite was the honey mustard chicken (on the special menu). Chicken was cooked tenderly with the sauce, just the right amount of flavor and texture.Service was fantastic, came by enough to refill drinks. Since the sign to this place is really small, very easy to miss it. Bistro Beau is next to the bank, facing Western Ave. A wall separates Bistro Beau and Mitsuwa.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,6/15/2014,341,299,6,15,10>Dream World Comics is my happy place on Wednesday mornings.I make a list of my pulls for the week and commute on over so I could spend my day reading (I highly suggest the new She-Hulk, Ms. Marvel* while they're still a couple issues in. The owner is more than happy to give recommendations as well).The reason why I drive out to Culver City instead of other comic book stores around my area is because of the customer service: the owner is very knowledgeable, always looking to chat you up (especially if you become a regular, he's a funny guy), he checks the comics you pick out to make sure they are not damaged, and gives you the board/bags for free (other places charge you for that).What I like about the set-up is that it's really easy to find the current week's comics. You walk in and they're to you're left. They're alphabetized and are easy to pick out. (In my experience, other stores have racks that are an eye sore and make you feel overwhelmed when you can't find your comics). Old comics are located further in the back along with the huge collection of old issues, trades, etc.Keep in mind that comics (and trades) are special to collectors and those selling them - in other words, handle the items carefully when browsing so that they don't get damaged, otherwise it's worthless.If you can't find last week's or any older comic, let the owner know. He will walk with you to the back where the old issues are and he'll show how to find what you're looking for.As I always tell the owner - see ya next Wednesday!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,6/14/2014,724,143,9,12,8>This place is a hidden gem in Hermosa Beach. The location has great views of the park and the beach.  They have a great little patio with heaters for el fresco dining.  The main part of the restaurant is cozy and has a couple of TVs and they usually have a local sports team on. The food here is excellent.  Nothing gourmet...but just really tasty mexican food.  I have tried the fish tacos that were really good and lately I have been eating the veggie burrito, which is amazing. The carnitas burrito will not disappoint. The chips and nachos here are made with homemade chips and are very fresh and crispy. For the nachos, they load lots of cheese and beans on top. Best nachos in HB period!The beers are nice and cold. The service is personable and everyone greets you with a smile. I always like coming back here.  Seems like I am here almost weekly now.  T
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,6/13/2014,332,301,11,13,13>We really enjoyed our experience at the OP cafe! We decided to go to Sunday brunch and only had about a 10 minute wait here. On top of that, the food was all pretty good and very decently priced. They have a 2+2+2 special for 3.99 on weekdays and $5.95 on weekends and holidays which includes two pancakes, two bacon and two orders of eggs. I thought that was a fantastic deal. Since I don't eat eggs or bacon, I got the short stack with blueberries for an extra dollar and it was definitely worth it. The blueberries were fresh and oozed out with every bite. I wish they were a bit sweeter however. I usually don't add syrup but did this time because I need a bit more sweetness from my pancakes.Someone in my party tried the breakfast burrito and really liked it. He said that the potatoes that came with it were just OK. My fiance got the french toast with raspberries and he loved that. I got the coffee which is organic and delicious. They kept the refills coming and even offered me a to go cup! My friend also got some fresh OJ which came in a tall glass for about $4. He said it was delicious. For four people, our total came out to about $42 after tip which is definitely not bad! They also have a small but cute outdoor patio with plenty of plastic doggy bowls for the brunching dogs. Any place that is dog friendly for brunch is a plus in my book!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,6/12/2014,209,188,7,20,13>The Self-Realization Fellowship Lake Shrine Temple is one of those few places not far from the city where you can experience beautiful scenery and potentially relax and unwind a bit. The path around the lake is full of spots where you just have to stop, stare and take a few pictures. It has beautiful swans and a large family of ducks, and the surrounding plants have flowers that are often visited by butterflies. It is a place for peace and meditation, for calmness and quiet. Some days it actually achieves this. You might be able to find a bench, sit, close your eyes, breath and enjoy uninterrupted meditation.On other more crowded days, it's unfortunately difficult to find a quiet moment. Motorcycles and muscle cars can be heard driving by the surrounding roads, but it's the people that are the real problem. There are kids that can't control the volume of their voices, parents either ignoring them or attempting to calm them down with equally loud voices and people walking by on their cell phones, having everyday conversations, receiving noisy text messages and snapping pictures with loud sound effects. To be frank, on days like this, it's not worth the drive. But if you pick the right day, such as a weekday when the kids are at school and most people are at work, you will find the Self-Realization Lake Shrine Temple to be beautiful, relaxing and calming. It is a place that welcomes all people of all religions, and its history is also rather fascinating. The gift shop has an attached museum that tells that interesting tale.But if you visit, try to keep it down, won't you? If we set a good example, maybe the place can be enjoyable to everyone, everyday.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,6/11/2014,128,75,10,18,8>PRO's:- Close to my house or anywhere YOU are in the valley- AMPLE parking (When is the last time you found a spot easily at Runyon, um NEVER.)- Speaking of Runyon, NO crowds, its not a bougie, seen and be seen, look at me in my new workout outfit and makeup. Its more like go for a peaceful hike and clear your mind. Absolutely beautiful and serene. - Dogs allowed (On leash, but I usually take mine off-leash and most people are cool with it, if I see leashed dogs Ill throw his leash on too, only fair.)-Tons of trails, Im a "regular", almost the Duchess and i still haven't touched all the trails. - Varying difficulty...Hmm, do I want to bust my a$$ or just get a good walk in...? -  Great views! Con's:- .... Haven't found one yet. Love this place!! Great for hikers, bikers, dogs, walkers, pro's, amateurs ... Oh, I HEARD of one con (haven't actually seen this for myself), but someone told me that the park ranger guys ride their bikes through (I believe he told me on weekends more) to look for dogs off-leash and DO ticket! So, be careful of that!! Otherwise, ENJOY! :)
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,6/10/2014,219,256,7,15,11>Awesome new (super late) brunch spot discovery!! We were originally planning to go to Meet in Paris for a late brunch (think 2:45 pm hahaha!) but saw that it was PACKED and also had a line. Since we needed to be somewhere within an hour, we realized we couldn't dine there. Bummer, right?? NOPE!Just steps away we found the newly opened Cafe Vida!! Menu looked delicious and reminded us of one of our other favorite brunch spots in San Diego that also had some dishes with Mexican flair! We were sold.They bring you complimentary tortilla chips and delicious pico de gallo (both so fresh and yummy!) while you peruse the menu and wait for your orders. AND free "refills"!!We ordered their veggie scramble and also the breakfast combo (eggs, pancakes, sausage). The scramble was very generous with the various veggies and even came with a pretty large side salad -- incredibly fresh and with the perfect amount of dressing. The breakfast combo was large and filling as well.Great coffee here as well! Total bill for everything was only $30!! WHAT?! Incredible.Definitely looking to return soon!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/9/2014,831,590,9,14,13>Bottom line at the top: best Lebanese food in LA (coming from a middle easterner)--Yum yum! Brought some friends by here and we ate so many yummy things like hummus, spicy potatoes, zaatar, kebab plates, shawarma plates, and I even had  molokhia/molokhiya? not quite sure how to spell that that was super legit. They have an entire menu of specials that has REALLY traditional middle eastern dishes your grandma would make you.Everything was top notch and service was great even though they were busy. Sunnin is definitely one of the top (if not the best) Middle Eastern spots in the westide.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,6/8/2014,187,127,4,50,46>ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! I came to Dr. Sid after finding him on Yelp because of my jaw always feeling tensed and tired. I did some research before hand and spoke to my friends when I found out it could be something called TMJ or TMD. Apparently Dr. Sid is a specialist on TMJ. When I got to his office, I saw all his awards and diplomas for his work and specifically what he's done for TMJ. Lets go back for a second. When I called in, the front office was extremely nice and polite, and worked with my schedule (which is difficult). When I came in I saw the office was really upscale and well kept. Nice waiting room, and again nice staff and short waiting time.They showed me a quick video about TMJ then I saw the doc. This guy is incredible. It only took a few minutes to talk to him to realize how intelligent he is and how much he loves his work. He spent like 20 minutes talking to me and answering my questions about TMJ, my clicking jaw, and my teeth alignment in general.I got so worried, but he assured me its only mild and it shouldn't be hard to fix, and that it could be much worse like a full mouth reconstruction.I'm scheduled to go back in a few weeks and use their high-tech gadgets to see what needs to be adjusted exactly. Thank you Dr. Sid!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,6/7/2014,359,353,4,11,11>It has been a very very long time since my last review. Since my FTR for Lilly's, they've expanded and doubled the space. Lots more spa chairs, and lots more great ladies. Since they opened, I have always been a loyal customer. I don't think I ever went to any other place for nails since then. Soo is such a wonderful owner and a great manager of the business. Now they have become more like family to me and my daughter as I always stop by when I am in that plaza, and they totally adore my little girl. I am so happy and proud of their achievement since they first opened. Because I am originally from Korea spending my 20s there, I have a very Korean taste when it comes to nails. One those is, a love for gradation nail design. Not many people know about it unless you are a Korean. It's very hard to find a place in the US that does gradation. Enter Jennifer or Sandy or Kathy, my most trusted Korean ladies. They know their stuff. They know the value of knowing how to do the gradation nails. I had it done by Jennifer today. She not only did an amazing job, but I learned a new thing from her, that made the execution of gradation so much more efficient. The end result? Absolutely fabulous gel gradation that I have ever had. She is just awesome. Also, Sandy is my perfectionist lady. I had a small crack on my big toe nail bed that absorbs all nail colors. She was trying to get the color off that little tiny crack so that color won't come through on the new color she puts on. Her attention to detail is just amazing. You don't want to have someone finish your nails fast. You want someone who really take their time to make sure everything is perfect. My favorite ladies here are true artists. Coming here on a Saturday afternoon, you really need to wait since it is the busiest, but the wait is so worth it.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,6/6/2014,366,285,7,17,9>I didn't think it was possible, but it happened tonight. I discovered that I have a favorite ice cream flavor. And it's Beachy Cream's Earl Grey Tea and Biscuits! I tried the sample, and I thought "Am I going to be disappointed/get bored by the mellow Earl Grey Tea flavor?"; what I didn't know was that there are small bits of soft cookie dough-esque biscuit peppered throughout the ice cream. So soft, so creamy, so delicious! I never thought I could limit myself to one favorite flavor, but I think this will be my regular choice whenever I come here.I was also impressed by the plethora of other unique flavor selections. I was more impressed--and amused--when I asked the ice cream guy how many flavors I could try and his response was that I could try all of them as long as I wasn't one of the two kids who come in and ask for all the samples, but never buy anything. Win! I tried the Strawberry Balsamic Swirl, Fresh Mint with Brownie Chunks, Malt Shop Swirl, Chocolate Fudge Swirl, Whiskey and Walnut (really tasted like Whiskey!), Vegan Coconut, Coffee Toffee, and probably more... I can't remember all of them and probably butchered the official names on here, but they were all good. This time, I got one scoop (I don't know if they normally do this, but the guy let me choose two flavors: the strawberry and earl grey). Next time, I'll probably get both the Fresh Mint with Brownie Chunks and Earl Grey Tea with Biscuit. The mint is pretty comparable to Carmela's mint, but instead of Carmela's Cocoa Nibs, Beachy Cream offers brownie chunks, which IMHO are infinitely better.Organic (except the cones apparently) ingredients, great service, unique flavors, creamy ice cream, nice portions for the price, and daily specials (eg Two scoop sundae on Fridays is $5.50; $2.99 for 1 scoop daily before 2PM--normally $3.99)! Can't wait to come back :)
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/5/2014,234,554,10,16,10>This review is for Tracy Carlson.To preface, I've always been an Aveda girl. Always. I haven't gone anywhere else since I found the Mecca that is Aveda. And every Aveda salon I've been to has always been top notch- I'm convinced they only hire the best stylists on the planet.I moved back to LA recently and was saddened by breaking up with my old stylist but knew I'd be ok if I trusted Aveda.So back to Tracy- cut my hair for the first time 2 weeks ago. My hair looks AWESOME and I have gotten SO MANY compliments it's like she spun my hair into gold. Happy to say I found an excellent new stylist and can continue to thrive in Lala land :)
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,6/4/2014,234,238,15,25,21>Manhattan Beach Post is a great spot for very eclectic and tasty foods. Since they opened a couple of years ago, MB Post has been one of the most popular restaurants in the Beach Cities. You will need to book well in advance to get a reservation at a decent time. They offer lots of seasonal specialties, featuring small plates and a rustic menu of playful combinations of cooking styles and flavors. It's a casual relaxed environment created in a former Post office in downtown Manhattan Beach.MB Post is the combination of a celebrity chef, David LeFevre who is the owner/chef and an experienced, local restaurateur Mike Simms who is the managing partner. David LeFevre gained his reputation and notoriety as the executive chef of the Water Grill in DTLA and as a protégé of the late Charlie Trotter. Mike Simms is the owner of the Tin Roof Bistro and Simmzy's and has long experience in the restaurant business. MB Post is located a couple of blocks from the beach on Manhattan Ave. near the corner of Manhattan Beach Blvd. They don't have a parking lot, but they do have valet parking. There are several public parking lots within 2 to 3 blocks. Easy parking is available as long as you're willing to walk a few blocks. The dining room is a fairly large and open space. I would guess it is around 3000 sq. ft. As you walk in, you have the hostess stand in front, on the left side is a section of several long communal dining tables, behind that is a full bar surrounded by bar stools. On the right side is the main dining room and directly to the rear, behind glass windows is the kitchen. The interior is one big room with a high ceiling and exposed rafters. The walls feature sun-bleached reclaimed wood, creating a very informal and relaxed atmosphere. Chef LeFevre offers very extensive menus for weekend brunch, lunch and dinner. All the items on the menu are small plates and meant to be shared. Our waiter explained that we should order 2 plates per person to get a reasonable amount of food. I have only been to MB Post for dinner and here are some of the notable dinner menu items:Bacon Cheddar Buttermilk Biscuits, maple butter - $5.00Cheese (Selection of artisanal cheeses) - $9.00 - $12.00Cured Meats (Selection of artisanal meats from U.S., Italy and Spain) - $9.00 - $19.00Roasted Brussels Sprouts, emmental, hazelnuts, sage - $10.00Blistering Blue Lake Green Beans, Thai basil, chili sauce, crispy pork - $9.00Chestnut Risotto, winter root vegetables, hazelnuts, in house mascarpone, chestnut honey - $15.00Steamed Mussels, green curry, Chinese sausage, coriander rice - $14.00White Oak Grilled Sword Squid, marinated gigande beans, lemon curd - $11.00Seared Diver Scallops, celery root puree, shitake, caramelized parsnip, cider gastrique - $19.00Vietnamese Caramel Pork Jowl, green papaya salad, lime - $13.00Meyer Farm 12oz. "Never Ever" Beef Ribeye, black truffle butter - $37.00Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly, kang family kimchi, rice stick noodles, Korean pear - $14.00Braised Lamb Neck, semolina gnocci, agrodolle pearl onions, planet carrots, bianco sardo - $17.00We were able to secure an early reservation and got seated at 5:30. In keeping with the theme of the MB Post Office, menus are delivered to your table as letters in an actual envelope. Our server Paul was very attentive and professional. He gave us good explanations on many items from their fairly complex menu. For our party of two, we ordered the following: * Blue Lake String Beans, cooked but still crunchy string beans, sautéed in a sweet chili sauce with nice crunchy chunks of pork.* Vietnamese Caramel Pork Jowl, pork, slow cooked then seared for a nice crust, over a Asian veggie salad. Velvety tender meat paired with a tangy crunchy salad.* White Oak Grilled Sword Squid, the tentacles were breaded and deep fried while the bodies were charcoal grilled, on a bed of dressed arugula and gigande bean salad. Eating the smoky grilled calamari mixed with the arugula was a tasty combo. * Chestnut Risotto, a quenelle of mascarpone drizzled with chestnut honey was served on top of the risotto. After mixing, the risotto has a slightly sweet flavor that was well matched with the creaminess.* Braised Lamb Neck, slow braised chunks of neck that were tender and satisfying mixed with fried semolina gnocchi that more resembled tater tots. The braised carrots and onions were also very flavorful. All the food was very tasty and I really appreciated the inventiveness and playfulness with which the dishes were presented. The flavors were all familiar, but when combined with unusual textures created a fun experience. I really enjoy the more adventurous items on the menu and appreciated the chef's boldness. I will definitely be returning to MB Post to try out their weekend brunch menu. I had a great experience and highly recommend MB Post.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,6/3/2014,719,388,15,21,16>I've been coming here for YEARS. This was the first Persian restaurant I ever dined at, and it's still among my favorites. A recent trip warranted an update.THE VIBE. I know, I know... Persians have very particular fashion and interior decor preferences, but the inside is a strange blend of modern and late 90s. It's a pleasant dining room, to be honest. It can get a bit loud when it gets crowded, but you won't have to worry about being blinded by the lights refracting off excessive gold fixtures, so that's a bonus. THE FOOD. Whether you're fresh off the plane from Iran, or SoCal born-and-bred, you'll find something you like. My personal go-to is their Koobideh--either ground beef or ground chicken (yelp.com/biz_photos/java…). It's made fresh with spices, grated onion, and plenty of fire-grilled flavor. It's served with broiled tomato, basmati rice, as well as lavash (flat bread), onion, and butter. (yelp.com/biz_photos/java…)SERVICE. Friendly and accommodating. You don't have to be Persian to be treated like family, and I like that. Some international restaurants in the area aren't as welcoming to all walks of people. Javan gets serious bonus points for their great attitude, even when you're ordering a to-go order, fifteen minutes prior to close. Upon my last visit, they even put the butter for the bread on the OUTSIDE of the bag, so it wouldn't melt and run all over the to-go container... That's sharp. (yelp.com/biz_photos/java…)Hell to the yeah. Open until 11pm, and just about as consistent as can be. An easy four stars.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,6/2/2014,966,196,18,23,19>Way BETTER than any 99 cent stores!! Most items are $1.50!! I shop here ALL THE TIME, hehehe. A Great Place to pick up stocking stuffers, gift bags, kitchen and bath supplies and your everyday beauty needs. They can sometimes provide special orders for things they are in short supply of. Now on the downside, they do not accept returns. All sales are FINAL!!! You can use your credit card with a minimum of $10 purchase (easily done!) They do not accept $100 bills. Some items are a hit and miss but for the most part, I love you, Daiso Japan!!!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,6/1/2014,1251,116,28,36,33>Most Chinese restaurants are fast with your food but this place....super freaky fast! The food arrives literally 7 mins later after you order...well at least that's my experience here after 4 times. Were they good? Yes!So far, most of the things I got from here were good. On my recent visit, I got the House Special lobster and it came out within 10 mins! The prices for lobsters are seasonal, at the moment the rate is going for $13.99 per lb. I would have to say this dish was decent, I've had better ones else where. Ordered their salt & pepper fish, it was yummy and so was the lo mein. ~LUNCH SPECIALS~They have about 100 different lunch specials to chose from, WOW!!!!! From chicken, beef, shrimp to fish etc...they serve it all. The prices for lunch ranges between $6.25 to $7.25. "All lunch specials include soup, steamed or fried rice and dessert. (Soup & dessert are NOT INCLUDED for to-go orders"Chinese sure does want to have it all....this place is the perfect example! They serve: Lobsters, shrimp, scallop, sea cucumber, live crab, live fish, squid, FROG LEGS, chicken, duckling, pork, beef, moo shu, sizzling plate, hot pot, fried rice, vegetables, chow mein and lo mein. Everything here is fairly cheap and right around the corner from me. Cheap, authentic and convenient!  At the end of the meal, they serve you sweet seaweed tapioca for dessert. I know sweet seaweed sounds gross but it's actually not too bad. I prefer the sweet potato tapioca. They serve alcohol here, beer and wine. Credit cards are accepted.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,5/31/2014,1712,1003,34,36,36>New menu items coming soon!!!I recently had an awesome opportunity to try some dishes from their upcoming menu additions with fellow hello kitty yelper Jenn G with our guests!We got to meet with owner Scott and his wife Sharon and the dinner coordinator Eric.With each dish, we got to hear the inspiration behind them and what makes them unique from other items on their current menu. Started off with a lovely corn soup--- the peppers in this dish made it a little too spicy for me, but it was very flavorful and a I could see a lot of people enjoying this soup. It was served with a glass of Villa Sandi Prosecco. s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com…Next up was a beautiful beet salad. It was dressed in a lovely vinaigrette, over greens with candied pecans and mandarin oranges. I was hesistant about the goat cheese that came on it, cuz I normally avoid it if at all possible--- but this goat cheese was very creamy and light. It complimented the tart oranges, sweet beets and greens very nicely. This would be a dish I would definitely order again and recommend to everyone- I think even salad adverse men like my dude would love this salad!  It was paired with a glass of Kim Crawford Sauvignon Blanc.s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com…We got to enjoy another little cup of soup that was more of an impromptu addition to the tasting course. Chef Cooper wanted to create a soup that was very tomato-ey, not a bisque or anything watered down, but a real Tomato soup that had just a bit of chicken stock. It was very delicious- very thick, rich, more like a sauce. The lightly crunchy croutons were a nice balance. For someone who likes a really thick hearty tomato soup, it's a real treat. I would actually love it with some pasta or baguette as a sauce! s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com…Next up was a fish course: Seabass with braised fennel and couscous. The sauce that the fish came with was amazing- Chef Scott is an expert in sauce making and this dish proves that. However, the seabass itself was not my favorite. It had a nice sear, but something felt missing. It did taste good with the sauce though. I didn't love the braised fennel, mainly because of the perrod soak which gave it a licorice taste which I am not a fan of. The couscous was my favorite part of the dish- garnished with garlic and was very flavorful. It was a good alternative to a side of rice. s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com…This dish was paired with a fruity Floral Springs Chardonnay which I enjoyed cuz it reminded me of a moscato.  *if I were to pick a fish dish here, I would stick with the Miso Cod which I enjoyed my first visit here.The final savory dish was a nice pork chop dish served with a bed of creamy polenta. The polenta was amazing. The pork chop was served different than I had imagined. It was milk soaked pork slowly cooked and served in a gravy. It was on the heavier side - so I didn't get to enjoy it having a full stomach already. But I think it would satisfy any pork lover. As a full dish, I think adding a vegetable side would offset the richness of this plate.  s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com…Finally, we had dessert, which was probably the most intriguing item that was listed on our preview menu. Created by chef Simon, it was an almond, bacon, toffee breadpudding topped with maple whip cream. It was a hefty portion and very rich. The hint of bacon was a nice touch and I liked the crunch from the almonds and toffee. The maple whip cream was heavenly.  s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com…I say this would be a good dessert to share. We were also served a choice of a Latte or Capuccino- Intellengensia! It was a great pleasure to be able to chat with Scott, Sharon and Eric and the other diners. (serena and christopher!) Service was outstanding from our server Wade and the rest of the staff. They are working to put out weekend brunch in the new year and finalize these new menu items soon- so you can go watch a movie at the Arclight next door and have a lovely dinner here by the fireplace, or come on your lunch break if you work in the area!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,5/30/2014,294,209,10,11,11>I have returned and tried the Caribbean Quesadillas - fantastic! Very creative vegan twist with tropical flare. Thin whole wheat crepe a filled with melted pepper jack cheese, caramelized onions, spinach, coconut spiced lentil purée with side of mango salsa, guac & grilled plantains. Rainbow Bowl is another great exotic choice if you feel like something refreshing. Mango, mint, cashew crumble, spinach, red cabbage, carrots, bell pepper and kelp noodles.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,5/29/2014,261,365,10,12,21>Loved my meal here! I had no idea this restaurant was related to Thomas Keller in any way until the night before I got here, but have always dreamed of dining at French Laundry (but then again who hasn't). In reality, though, this is probably as close as I will get to actually eating a meal at a Keller-esque establishment.I like the concept of having a mini bakery and market inside the restaurant, and also just loved the overall layout of the wide, open spaces and the simplistic decor. It's also fun to just walk around and peruse the goodies before and after your meal! Inside Farmshop, or outside in the Country Mart area.My party and I came here for brunch and made reservations for 9:30 on a saturday so we didn't have to wait long and the place was still pretty empty when we arrived! We started with a pastry basket to share, which includes three pastries of any choice from their bakery. They have a pretty large selection that will fulfill any pastry affinities you have, from unique choices like bacon and cheese scones, to a simple plain croissant that is buttery and flaky! There are also muffins and cakes as well. For brunch entrees, I got the Smoked Salmon Rillettes ($17.50) which is more than I would like to spend on brunch but was willing to pay for something done well. I had no idea what rillettes even were when I ordered it, but had craved salmon for some reason. I was expecting some sort of Lox-ish thing but it turns out rillettes are a kind of spread that is similar to pate, basically salmon cooked slowly in fat. it was really flavorful and I loved it! It wasn't overwhelming or too salty like smoked salmon can be at times, and the fresh bread it came with went perfectly with the spread! The other people in my party ordered the Brocolli di Ciccio Frittata and the French Toast, which both looked delicious as well and they seemed to enjoy it! There is also unlimited coffee refills.We stayed at brunch for quite a while, even though it was extremely packed by 10:30-11, especially by families with little children.It seems this is a popular place for Brentwood parents. This is a nice treat for brunch once in a while if you are prepared to shell out money, and it's fun to look at all the special products they have in their market that are hard to find elsewhere.  They also have a cheese section! Parking is easy as there is a lot for the country mart, but gets EXTREMELY crowded around 11am on the weekends.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/28/2014,425,389,16,20,15>I am so excited (and sore) to start my 2014 at pop physique! They know how to push you to do your best. The staff were so sweet and helpful. The room is clean and the windows are covered (so no creepers peeking in). TIP:- Wear socks, that's mandatory. If you forget then you can buy a pair. - My first mistake, don't wear short shorts. Capri yoga pants or long pants are recommended. PARKING: - no problem, they have a lot of spots.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/27/2014,369,313,11,15,16>Amazing event, as always. We got the best of the best items on the menu! Sweet and savory. The owner, Carol, is super nice, and her husband is the chef! Brittany B. found a wonderful foodie spot, and this event was super intimate (no +1s). The Wallace actually closed to the public during the event, so we got a lot of personal attention. In addition to yummy drinks, we had 8 courses of delicious food! The salmon gravalax was super fresh, and I loved the horseradish cream cheese with dill! The pork belly hash and benedict tartine were really good, too! The food just kept coming, and the staff was super helpful, despite having to serve such a large group!I love the decor inside. It's very industrial. I also love that you have room to eat. The spacing between tables is perfect! It is such a great space with an open kitchen concept. I will definitely be back!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,5/26/2014,519,546,8,18,10>Found this via Eat24 and they are officially my Go to Indian food place now.  They have meal deals that are SUPER worth it.  $15 and you can get chicken tikka masala, rice, naan, a samosa, a choice of a side (I'm usually getting vegetable korma) and a choice of desert.  I love this place and I'm glad they are available via Eat24.  They are probably my absolute favorite restaurant choice of everything I've had in my area for delivery so far.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/25/2014,187,137,25,14,11>** Bar Nine Collective differentiates itself from other great LA coffeeshops with a beautiful store, intimate experience, and incredible coffee quality **Wow. Walk in through the huge door and no other word comes to mind. Just wow.Uh wait, I'm supposed to be an elite yelper. Umm. High concept! Right, I'm going with that.Haha in all seriousness though.. Bar Nine is located in a breathtaking store. It's converted from a warehouse and is a huge open space. The coffee bar is dominated with reclaimed wood. The design of the counter helps put a focus on the art of Bar Nine's coffeemaking process (eg low counters and state-of-the-art ModBar espresso, steamers, and pourover)Besides the coffee bar, there is also a roaster in the back corner, and what seem to be "lab" spaces for experimentation and other coffee voodoo. I was so excited by Bar Nine that I probably overdosed on caffeine. I walked in the door and had an espresso. Delicious. Then I participated in a free cupping, which is held every Sunday at noon. What's a coffee cupping? Think wine tasting for coffee heads (check out my photos too). Then I got a hazelnut milk latte to go. Bar Nine makes their own hazelnut milk in-house. Takeout cups are actually jars (with a cap if you ask for one).Overall the experience was amazing. They have someone who focuses on education and led the coffee cupping. He explained how cupping is used to evaluate and compare taste and quality of coffee beans before buying for the store. Are you bewildered when people say "Ooh this brew has buttery mouthfeel, currant flavors, and pineapple essence"? Well, Bar Nine's free cupping is a great way to learn the intricacies of coffee. Coffee can be intimidating. But this is really a friendly, unpretentious experience.I am incredibly excited for Bar Nine Collective. Since the shop hasn't officially opened yet, I didn't have to pay for my drinks (I tipped instead), so I don't know how expensive this place will be. I hope it's reasonable. I am SO excited for this place.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,5/24/2014,1289,134,17,19,18>Great culinary-spins on Mexican classics. I have dined here several times during recent months, captivated by Nick H.'s Yelp dated 6/13/12 - he described Blackbird as one-of-a-kind and the best-of-the-best. He was right-on! The Huevos Rancheros is ¡muy bien and currently a favorite of mine.  Blackbird's take-on-this-classic is 3 sunny-side eggs, tender and lean pork, atop crispy tortillas not toast, and covered in a flavorful, with a kick, ranchero sauce; with an accompaniment of black beans.  I held the cheese, as well as, hold d' mayo always. An option is to add fresh avocado, to enhance this picture-perfect plate. Another frequent special, is Italian Shrimp Omelette. Fa bene! It's sautéed spicy bay shrimp; hot & mild Italian sausages; fresh basil; onions; bell peppers ( I omitted from mine); topped with hollandaise & feta cheese (yup, I omitted both). Special orders or omissions, are not a problem here, as each dish is prepared to order.  It was served with a side of (dry is preferred) toast. Breakfast foods can contain hundreds of calories that just come from fat - always worth a taste to a Yelper - share an order & skimp on the calories.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,5/23/2014,1437,1829,15,22,18>I've been to Grimaldi's in New York and was excited about one opening up in CA.We came here for lunch and ordered a small pizza ($14) with mushroom ($2) and sausage ($2) in it as well as a caprese salad ($9) and a cannoli ($4.50).Overall the food was enjoyable but the time it took to get the food out was incredibly long.  I'm guessing it could be because of the time to bake the pizza or I'm hoping it is.  It took about an hour and a half from the moment you park until the moment you get back to your car.  And we were there to eat, not to hang out.The caprese salad came out first but it took awhile for it to come out.  When the brought out the oil and vinegar, the vinegar bottle was broken so it poured out through a seem on the side of the bottle instead of through the hole.  The caprese had big pieces of basil leaves which was nice.  The tomatoes were nice and firm.  And the mozzarella was a little firm too.  It wasn't the soft kind that spreads around.It took awhile for the pizza to come out as well.  And when it did, it was super soggy.  They told us that they realized it was soggy when they brought the pizza out to us, so said they would make us another one on the house.  The pizza was good when we first got it although someone had taken our plates since it was wet from the caprese salad and they never came back.  We waited awhile until I'm thinking the manager came by to see if we needed plates since we were picking toppings off our pizza instead of eating it.  We told him someone had told us they were bringing us plates but he insisted and brought us plates himself.  The person bringing us plates never came.The pizza was nice to eat at first when it was warm although it was soggy so it was chewy.  It reminded me of Domino's pizza with a sweeter crust.  My New Yorker companion enjoyed the pizza here and said it was better than any other CA style pizza.  When the pizza got colder it wasn't as good eating it.  By the time we were one slice away from finishing the pizza, our second pizza came out.  It was still a little soggy too but we didn't have the heart to tell them.The cannoli we got after the pizza was okay.  I prefer the cannoli from The Good Pizza in Playa del Rey.  I wouldn't order it again.  If you want dessert I would recommend the cheesecakes here! They're light and airy and made in the restaurant!Regarding parking, we parked in the same parking lot as McCormick's. And, during lunch the restaurant validates for 1.5 hours and 2 hours for dinner.  It was pretty easy to park and get to the restaurant so that was nice.  I'm not sure why people were complaining about the parking.  Also, if you sign up online for their e-club (grimaldis.fbmta.com/memb…)  They'll automatically send you an email for $5 off you meal.  And you'll also get an email for a free large one topping pizza when your birthday comes around. :)Grimaldi's: Please decrease the time it takes for people to get their food.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,5/22/2014,777,268,19,28,28>Here today for lunch again with friend and Yelper Aubrey G.  What a great find.  Great little diner on the Westside.  Owner there everyday on site and the difference he makes shows.  I ordered the club today on toasted wheat and it was great.  Added a photo.  Will be back for sure.  Plenty of parking in a large private lot attached to the bowling alley and additional parking across Grand View Blvd. just West of the location.  This place gets a little crowded so get here by 1130ish for lunch if you plan on finding a seat for more than one person easy. Also, important, this is a cash only diner.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/21/2014,2650,519,27,36,39>The last thing that I wanted to do after a 2.5 hour hike at Del Cerro Park was to have a picnic here at Point Vicente Lighthouse. And that's exactly what we did.I was a woman on a mission because not only was I tired and exhausted but I was HANGRY and needed to use the restroom.Little did I know I would be a changed woman within 30 minutes because all my wishes were fulfilled. The picnic was wonderful. The views were ridiculously gorgeous. Lastly I was a happy woman after a few glasses of mimosas. **PICNIC is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**The park is super clean. Lots of trash cans with recycle bins....LOVE!!  We didn't spend much time at the actual Interpretive Center. It was more of a "rest stop" for us to use the facilities inside. The best part of our visit was seeing a small plane with a banner that read:  "Meme will you marry me? Hector"Lots of parking in the lot. Perfect day.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,5/20/2014,193,514,5,11,14>LOVE princess cakes so the picture alone is enough to hook me.Had to try this quaint little pastry shop when I moved into the area. My friend and I got a gluttonous amount of cake slices, cookies and pastries on our first visit, all of which were delicious!Just went back the other day after dropping my car off at the shop, and wanted to grab a quick lunch. There were a few patrons in front of me in line, both of whom you could tell were long-time customers. They were talking about how Emil has the best hot cross buns, and how he now has a bigger bakery out in Pacoima where everything is made, and the country clubs that he provides baked goods to. It was nice to learn a little more history about the place, even if by eavesdropping.I was debating between the belgian or swiss sandwich, but when the lady in front of me ordered the swiss I decided I had to go for it too. It comes with turkey, pear, brie and walnuts on french baguette, but I asked got it on a pretzel instead. What a great lunch!! Of course I topped it off with a slice of my favorite princess cake. That neon green fondant is like a siren's call. Amazingly I dislike raspberries, white cake and whipped cream, but somehow you put it all together and wrap it in fondant and it's my favorite thing ever. Thanks, Emil!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,5/19/2014,738,203,17,24,24>Let's get physical, physicalI wanna get physicalLet's get into physicalLet me hear your body talk, your body talkLet me hear your body talkIf you want to get physical and want to have a change of scene than the usual Runyon Canyon Hike or Baldwin Hills Scenic hike, another favorite destination to get your booty in shape is the Santa Monica Stairs. It is basically a long outdoor staircases near Pacific Palisades, descending Santa Monica Canyon. The houses surrounding the stairs on top of the canyon are all multi-million dollar homes so if you like people or house watching, the Santa Monica stairs location would be a fun and interesting place to exercise. Keep in mind, the stairs get super crowded so while you are climbing the stairs, there is only one line to go up and the other line to go down. You can try to cut people if the person in front of you is moving too slow or you are sick of staring at their butt, you could cross to the middle of the stairs and get back in line to cut the slow pokes off. As you get higher and higher up the stairs, your thighs will burn but it is a pretty decent size path so by the time you get super tired, you are already at the top. Many people go there and do different sets up and down multiple times.. last time I went, we did about 3 sets but we were passing by people who did like 8-9 sets so you could really get a good buttocks and leg works out in especially if you run up the stairs. Overall, it's a nice view up at the top and you could also go running around the nice neighborhood if you are sick of those wooden stairs. *Parking- Residential Parking
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/18/2014,338,875,16,19,18>After a couple of visits to the substantially larger Culver City location, I was surprised at just how small and unassuming the original Father's Office is! You know a place like this is doing something right when they have a seating capacity that can't top 50 people, yet have a reputation for some of the best beer and burgers around.And yes, this is the kind of place that puts their foot down about making modifications, substitutions, or ANY alterations to their food. Fine by me, as long as patrons know this up front (and it's hard to miss on the menu). There are plenty of other places that will serve you your dish *just* the way you like it; I'm pretty okay with the servers directing potential customers to such establishments if they put up a fuss over this policy.For those comfortable trusting that the folks at Father's Office know what they're doing, you are handsomely rewarded. The Office burger (the only burger on the menu) is absolutely delightful, even if you don't like arugula or goat cheese or would rather have fried than caramelized onions. Plus, the garlic fries are shoestring style, and just my speed. I wasn't crazy about the sweet potato fries, but it's been a while since I met a sweet potato fry I couldn't pass up.Add to this a stellar beer selection, and this is a great place to chill on a nice sunny afternoon. If you're lucky enough to find parking that isn't on a time limit, take a 20-minute walk down to the beach afterward to work off that burger!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,5/17/2014,267,434,8,12,12>What a fun event!The owner (John) and other hosts were as good as can be and provided the best hospitality.  They were very generous with the wine and sake!This Thai Restaurant has family created dishes that you will not find in most Thai restaurants--it's not the usual Thai take-out place so common in LA--they are different. We were graciously served a few very good dishes, but the three that stand out from the crowd and that I would order again are:-Pad See Ew Tofu:  5 of 5.  It was so good our table was looking around for another dish of it on another table and charmed our way to it.  It's a must have dish! -Morning Glory Salad--It's so good, I could eat it in the morning for breakfast again. -Coco Mango Salad--We fought over the last drop at our table.   Look forward to returning again soon.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,5/16/2014,1070,142,11,19,13>I've passed by this place for years. I've eaten at pretty much all the restaurants near it but it never interested me to go in. Until yesterday, when I saw the Yelp reviews. It doesn't look like much from the outside and there's nothing interesting about it that makes you want to come in. The place is casual and a little bit of a dive.. but it seems to be very popular. I walked in with my dwarfs and was enthusiastically and warmly greeted by the staff. Boy they're happy!They seat us immediately and all the service was quick. They give you free bottomless chips and salsa while you wait. We ordered a burrito and chicken/Steak fajitas. They split the orders for us instead of just bringing us an extra plate. I thought that was great! The portions were big. The steak had a lot of flavor... everything that I tasted was good! I wasn't even hungry and I ate all my food.They finished the meal with a free big slice of flan for us to split. It was delicioso! Pros- Good food- Extremely friendly- Great service- Cheap prices- Large portions- Free chips, salsa and flan- Jukebox- CleanCons- The area- The Outside of the restaurantThe service is what stands out the most. They're so attentive, it's cute!I'll be back and looking forward to trying other food.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,5/15/2014,224,589,9,13,9>My family enjoyed their experience here, we always are looking for a good post church place to eat.  You can park in their back lot, or on the street.  This is an old school breakfast joint, complete with a middle island for seating, handwritten menu boards, a cashier, and competent local servers.  We sat at the middle island breakfast nook, which also has a television.  My coffee was never below the half way point, and it was filled by no less than 3 different servers, they are trained to keep an eye on just such things.  We came on a Sunday, and this location was busy when we arrived around 9:45.  They turn the tables fast, so if you have a wait, it's not too bad. What to eat:-  The machaca egg dish, with rice and tortillas received an A+ grade.  I love a good machaca and they make a GREAT one, complete with salsa fresca on the side, it was very filling and zesty!  I turned it into two good size burritos.-  Kings Hawaiian French Toast was another A+ grade.  Big and fluffy with plenty to eat, ummmmm good!-  The standard waffle was just OK, a B grade, both my girls had this and thought it was good, but not special, kudos to my wife who is their compare and contrast.   We had a good breakfast, and the staff was 'on it.'  The only negative, so to speak, is that it's a bit pricey, so don't expect a value play, but the food and service warrant the price.  After tip, my family of 4 cost about $50.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/14/2014,391,174,20,29,24>I've been coming here since the 90's. Filipino food in general is salty or greasy. But depending on your taste buds, some of it can be pretty tasty! It's a "turo-turo" (literally translated as "point-point") style dining where you have heat lamps and you point at the items you want. LOCATION: Located just off the Harbor Freeway (110) off Carson St in the same complex as the KFC. It's on the corner of Carson St and Figueroa. Parking can be a hassle during peak hours and holidays when most people order food for catering. Sometimes, you'll see harmless wanderers asking for money around the parking lot. But like I said...they are harmless so don't fret! FOOD:There are a few things I typically get here that are my favorite. Some items are meh...but again, that depends on your taste buds. Keep in mind that I AM  a FILIPINA, so what I get here is typically based on dishes that aren't so easy to make at home. They have their staples, but some are on a day by day basis. The ones I mention below are ones that are usually found daily-Beef Mechado: It's a beef stew that usually has been marinated in soy sauce, cooked in some sort of tomato base with carrots and bits of red bell peppers. It's hearty for those who love protein. I usually get this almost every time I come. (4.5 stars)-Menudo: slightly similar to Beef Mechado, but not as salty/saucy and made with pork. Usually it will have potatoes, raisins, carrots/peas and liver. (3.5 stars)-Lechon Kawali: This is deep fried pork. Usually has quite a bit of fat attached to the skin. Filipinos love that fatty stuff! I don't so I tend to ask for the piece that has more meat. You'll find this towards the end of the line in big chunks. They'll weigh it for you, tell you the price then chop it up in bit sized pieces. Don't forget to ask for the lechon sauce. I'm not quite sure what it's made of, but it's got a sweet tangy taste to it. (4 stars depending on how fatty of a piece I get)-Pancit- I don't care for this much since there is another place not too far that I like more, but my parents like this so it's alright. (3 stars)-Silog breakfasts: It's a Filipino breakfast but they serve it all day. It's garlic fried rice, egg and a meat item. I love garlic, so that's probably a main reason why I love getting this. They are either corned beef, Tapa (marinated beef with a tangy flavor dipped in soy sauce/vinegar sauce), longonesa (Filipino sausage usually made with pork), daing which is fish...I think it's milkfish, and spam-which is Hawaii's best selling mystery meat. My favorite is the Tapa (beef) just because the other ones are so easy for me to make at home. I started coming to Tita Celia's because of their breakfast (and their turons), so I recommend it if you have taste buds similar to mine! (4.5 stars)-Gintataan: this is a warm coconut based dessert which comes with rolled ube flavored mocha balls, jackfruit, Filipino boba, plantains, and some sort of yam/cassava/starch.Anyway, it's sweet, it's warm, it's good! (4.5 stars...probably the best ginataan I've ordered from any Filipino restaurant)-Turon: It's a banana fritter. It's basically a caramelized egg roll that has a slice of plantain and jackfruit inside intead of meat. It's a dessert and it's delicious! (4.5 stars...it was a child hood favorite of mine) -Bichu balls: I don't know if that's what it's officially called, but that's what my sister calls it. It's about the size of a tennis ball that has red beans inside. It's sweet. It's ok, I'm just not much of a red bean fan. (3 stars)-Kare Kare: This is probably my most favorite Filipino item in general. However, I don't care for it much here. I feel like it's too greasy and lacks flavor. I'll only get it if I'm really craving it. (2.5 stars)PRICING:The pricing is fair if not slightly cheaper than similar Filipino fast food establishments. I think it's about $6-7 for a two item combo. They have a $10 minimum or credit card purchases. They'll charge you 25 cents for extra containers. SERVICE:This is where they fail. They aren't very efficient where a lot of times you'll find a bunch of them around but not one is acting as productive as they should. The problem is that you'll have the same person taking your order, preparing it and packaging it up if necessary and ringing you up. Whereas they should follow Panda Express  model where you have one person taking your order and preparing it while another person rings you up and takes your payment. Some of the workers are super nice, but some have attitude. (2.5 stars)PLACE ITSELF:It's small. It seats probably 30 people max. My overall rating is really 3.5, but because this place has always been reliable since the 90s, I'm rounding up to 4!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/13/2014,797,1031,8,16,12>New ownership, but it might just be the best Chinese food around the South Bay.Ownership constantly change for Chinese food in this area, and with the latest change, A-1 has been renovated, just slightly, and menu gone through quite a change.Lots of Taiwanese food on the menu now, like three cups chicken and spicy wonton.  They still have the Cantonese BBQ and the rice plate combos, although I didn't get to try it on the most recent visit.  There's also the Cantonese dishes, and your typical Szechwan style dishes. The dishes we ordered were Salted Fish & Chicken Fried Rice, Salted Fish with Gai-lan, Stir-Fry Stink Tofu, Spicy Fish, and String Beans.  The most interesting was definitely the stinky tofu.  They cut the sthinky tofu into strips, fried, then stir fried really quick with jalapenos, pickled daikon, garlic and shrimp flakes.  Sorta similar to your salt & pepper dishes, except with a Taiwanese flair.  All the other dishes were actually quite tasty, although a bit salty and greasy.  The string bean is probably the best around here, and the fried rice was good compared to other spots.  Again, greasy, but at least it is not greasy and bland!The meal ended with a sweet red bean soup, which was nice.Portions were adequate.  Price is somewhat average for this area too.    The place is still super small and it seems to be doing quite well in the 3 months since it has changed owners.  Will be exploring more of the menu!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/12/2014,271,845,6,19,13>I love this store. It's not only a quaint, cozy and essential neighborhood spot, providing all sorts of fresh produce and grocery staples, but it's also an unusual place, as it's all vegan.Here you'll find Dutch "Stroop Waffles" which are these ooey-gooey, delicious maple-syrup snacks that you can't find anywhere else. You'll also stumble upon great spices, cooking mixes, packaged snacks and more from Asia and or even just small, great companies that get passed over at more mainstream retailers like Whole Foods.Viva La Vegan also has Ronald's Donuts, a delectable treat imported from Las Vegas (if you haven't had a Ronald's Donut, you haven't lived).This is a great find and you'll discover new and tasty products here that you can't find anywhere else. The prices are in-line with any other grocery store, but here you can rest assured that you're supporting a small and local business. I will be doing most of my shopping at Viva La Vegan going forward!
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/11/2014,464,90,11,18,14>When it was at its previous location, I couldn't find it the first time, but now it's easier to find. It was literally a hole in the wall.  But don't let the name fool you, this place is awesome. The pretzel bun is so good, and they even make their own ketchup, which I love. The food comes out quickly. I usually take friends here when they're visiting from out of town.  Great veggie burger!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,5/10/2014,612,413,7,19,12>Great location! Another Cirque du Soleil show under the big tent at Santa Monica Pier. All I can say was that it was a great show with colorful costumes, awesome sets, and amazing acrobatics! Everything was so detailed and timed so perfectly with the music, lights, and people in costumes. We got amazing seats right in the middle of the venue. The whole evening was filled with "ooo... ahh.. OMG.. OMG.. what the.. NO WAY! WOW! How did they do that?!?" Seriously, one of the best shows I've seen.We scored awesome parking by doing the prepaid parking online and parking at 333 Civic Center. It was only $3. And the best part was the free shuttle that drove us to the tent and back to the garage.I would highly recommend this show to all my friends who love Cirque Du Soleil. You can't go wrong. Totally worth it! :)
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/9/2014,329,217,8,18,14>I always feel like I'm transported back to Taiwan every time I go here! The a-yi ("auntie") who works here is the sweetest. She always has a smile on her face! The food is authentic Taiwanese. I usually stick with either the beef noodle soup or the pork chop with rice. BEEF NOODLE SOUP: Delicious. The meat is tender, the broth flavorful, and it's not as greasy or salty as what Ive had elsewhere. PORK CHOP WITH RICE: Delicious as well. It's fatty (this may be a turn-off if you're not used to it), fragrant, and crispy, and, in true Taiwanese fashion, it comes with minced pork over rice which is hearty and delicious. It also comes with a bowl of vegetable soup (the specific type varies) which is a perfect accompaniment. There is always a free cube of almond jello for dessert which is sweet and refreshing and much appreciated (the Asian in me loves free things!)Cash only. There is free parking on the side. I will go back again and again whenever I need to get my Taiwanese food fix!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,5/8/2014,536,165,7,22,12>Outside of K-town, this is one of my regular korean bbq spots. There can sometimes be a bit of a wait, but I'd say well worth it for the quality of meat you get. It's not an all-you-can-eat spot, so meat options are all a la carte and can get a bit pricey. They do offer a BBQ combination set which we find to be the best bang for your buck.  For about $50 this includes your choice of two meats, a bottle of beer or soju, the usual banchan, steamed egg, and a soup. The brisket and boneless short rib are both great. This is definitely enough food for two people. Since the lot isn't huge here, it can be a bit difficult to find parking on a busy night. However, street parking is available so nothing to fret about. I would say if you're jonesing for some kbbq and are in the area, it's worth checking out. I anticipate we'll be back here in the future.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/7/2014,360,425,13,18,17>I was so happy to finally eat here and it was as great as everyone says.  Sure it is pricey, but most *good* restaurants in Manhattan Beach are.  As this is a seafood place, just expect it to be $$$.  We got the S.S. Minnow which is a plate of 4 oysters, 2 clams, 4 shrimp, 6 mussels and 1/2 a lobster on ice ($39).  We added 2 Peruvian scallops ($2.50 ea) to this and it was a great choice on our part. These scallops were amazing!  Try them and taste them for yourself. Words won't do them justice. The seafood tray came with an array of sauces (horseradish, cocktail, mignonette) and lemon.  The presentation was simple and the seafood was so fresh. The only thing I am not that big a fan of is lobster;I tried it and it was cold which is not now I usually have it, but it was a decent size if not a little tough in texture.  I think next time, I'd try the Dungeness crab.On the plus side - wines are very reasonably priced!  You can get a quality glass of white for $6. I wasn't sure about ordering fries here, but the squash rolls were a great way to start the meal and get the tummy ready for the raw foods.  Service was friendly, non-pushy and everyone was so nice in here!  Really stand-out service in FWD...one of a restaurant's greatest points is staff that knows what they are doing.I will say that the tables are a little small, but I kinda know that MB always sits twos in those small tables RIGHT NEXT to another two. Can be awkward, but what can you do? I'd still come here on an off-day on a non-peak time and enjoy their seafood in the calmness.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,5/6/2014,388,164,9,16,14>All you have to say is chips & salsa, and you already have my attention. I shouldn't have gone so crazy with their complimentary chips & salsa. I was full even before my entree came out. Their bean dip is so addicting, we had to keep asking for more. They have a salsa bar that's also more than amazing. They have an avocado salsa that I couldn't get enough of. I feel like I could write a page about just their chips & salsa. I'm pretty sure my friends and I scared the waitress by how quickly we demolished JUST the chips & salsa. On to the entree: My friend & I decided to share the combo fajita. It came with a hot plate filled with steak, chicken, & about 2 pieces of shrimp fajita. Of all, I think I enjoyed the steak the most. I suggest you skip out on the combo, and just go with the steak fajita. The chicken was too dry for my taste, and they skimp out on the shrimp. The entree also came with another big plate filled with the most amazing beans with cheese (yes, it's the mashed beans), amazing Spanish rice, side of salsa, and tortilla. To save myself from the extra carbs, I decided to skip out on the tortilla. Either way, by the end of the meal, let's just say I wasn't feeling my hottest. I shared my meal with a friend, and we still walked out extremely full. I'm not sure if it's because we went so crazy with the chips & salsa... but I was more than satisfied. The plate was about $12, so price-wise, it's pretty fair. The only downside about this restaurant is the wait. We had a large group of 8 people, and we ended up waiting about an hour. We went on a Saturday night around 730PM, and that wait was atrocious. So goodluck if you plan on going with a large party. I suggest you try going here during odd hours; otherwise, expect a long wait.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,5/5/2014,1042,533,14,20,20>This is such a cute little shop that could easily be missed if you're cruising down Santa Monica Blvd. But, it shouldn't be.The churros con chocolate ($7) there were different than the churros that I've had in the past. They are smaller, firmer, less greasy and topped with sugar only. The taste was reminiscent of funnel cakes, which was interesting. The dipping chocolate was divine - rich, creamy, milk chocolate that formed a nice coating on the churro. It was definitely good enough to drink. The larger churro - churro grande - was more like a typical churro. It was thick, filled with cream cheese and topped with guava sauce ($5). As expected, it was sweet but thankfully, it wasn't as rich as I imagined that it would be. The strangest thing was that although the name is "churros caliente", neither order was warm!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,5/4/2014,634,287,12,16,16>There is no beef or pork here only turkey, chicken,  and seafood, on the menu are Items like vegetarian crave, burgers, sandwiches, daily soup special, burritos, tacos, Caribbean favorites, Island delight, wholesome specialties desserts, vegan desserts, there are 28 thirst quenchers Caribbean coolers, breakfast is served too, there is a patio along with seating inside kinda small, we got a Tropical Banana Freeze: is was made with pineapple, coconut juice, 2 banana, lecithin, honey and Ice, and Apple Strawberry Slush: made with apple juice, strawberries, strawberry icee, lecithin, honey, and ice both were very good, this place is kinda pricey and you get no smile's or howdy do from the staff here.There is also a hearth food store inside here too, I only ask Info. about a bottle of body oil in the store now the staff there was super friendly with smile's and may I add too even better good looking.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,5/3/2014,289,275,24,33,32>**Nothing boring about the British Gastropub cuisine by Executive Chef Brendan Collins and Pastry Chef Layla at Waterloo & City is what I've got to say!**I'm also giving them the nickname "007 chefs" because they are "Licensed to Kill" when it comes to my dieting efforts that are continually derailed. I've been here 3 times in the last 4 weeks and am very likely to go back for more.  D*** them for that ;DWaterloo is less than 5 min away from me, but I avoided it in the past because of the trendy "gastropub" label. On my first multi-city trip to Europe, 2 decades ago, I was less than impressed with London pubs and restos. However, the $35 DineLA deal looked too good to pass up.Although some restaurants play it safe or skimp on ingredients and/or portions, such was not the case here. I like great deals, but also use LA's restaurant week to "audition" local places I might enjoy frequenting.  Out of all of my DineLA meals in Winter '14, I got the most mileage out of my gastropub buck at Waterloo! No question I was full after my $35 DineLA meal.  I also greatly appreciated the risks the kitchen took with British classics by adding either Mediterranean or Asian components or spices. The January 2014 DineLA 3 Course meal:COMPLIMENTARY BREAD (from 6pm): *Bread baked in a coffee can, herbed butter (bread selections are rotated for dinner so if you visit, it might be a different type of bread).W&O has an in-house pastry chef, Layla who along with her small, but capable crew is responsible for producing the desserts and all of the breads including those used for the notable charcuterie.The bread was nice and crusty on the outside with a delightfully fluffy interior.  I enjoyed this, but the only problem was I ate too much of it.Most gastropubs including F.O. in Helms do not offer complimentary bread so this was another plus in my book.APPETIZER: *English Pea Soup, Aged Goat Cheese Agnolotti, Proscuitto (signature dish offered according to ingredient availability)The soup was very delicate, mild and traditionally English in preparation with farm fresh sweet peas, but unexpectedly enlivened with Italian touches such as al dente texture, creamy & sharp taste of the goat cheese agnolotti and the crispy, salty pieces of prosciutto on top.It was fun alternating between the contrasting flavors and textures of the dish's components.  I also did the same with the entree.ENTREE:*Petrale Sole, Purple Carrots, King Oyster Mushrooms, Meyer Lemon Hollandaise sauce (DineLA special)I was quite skeptical about this dish, but assured by my excellent server Michael that it was a wonderfully prepared item, so I put my chips in hoping this choice would be a winner.  The sole was cooked perfectly with a crisp crust and the accompanying vegetables were likewise textbook-perfect in preparation re: roasting. The curve ball was a flourish of mystery spice sprinkled on top of the dish.  It seemed to be Shichimi Togarashi, aka Japanese Mixed Chili Pepper, because I recognized the few black sesame seeds throughout.  I asked the waiter to see if that's what the kitchen used and it was.  This Japanese spice also contains tiny bits of dried citrus peel so I saw it as a genius move to not only give an unexpected pop to a classic dish, but to also pick up on the inherently lemony flavors of Hollandaise sauce.For me, the addition of Shichimi Pepper completely won me over and the kitchen's risk paid off.  They are very discriminating in its use, but didn't mention it on the menu.  For those sensitive to peppers and other spices, you should inquire with the server who can check with the chef or give you recommendations according to your palate.DESSERT:Rum Baba, Candied Apples, Creme' Chantilly, Rum Raisin Ice Cream (DineLA special)*This also displayed unorthodox touches, which I enjoyed.  Normally, Rum Baba is a yellow cake soaked with rum. In this version, a donut-like base was lightly glazed with rum liquor, filled with the requisite cream in the center, but paired with a housemade rum raisin ice cream and apple-based compote.For me, it was a 5 star meal that's successfully beckoned me back several times for Happy Hour. I'm only rating it 4 stars for now, because I need to try more entrees on the regular menu.OVERALL RATINGS AND NOTES:FOOD: 5 stars for DineLA menu execution and culinary riskSERVICE: 5 stars. Very attentive, both in the dining areas and the bar/loungePARKING: Street parking (side streets or front if you're lucky); $2.25 validated Valet parking if you remember to get your ticket stamped (bring dollar bills and change).AMBIENCE: 3.5 stars. With its low-maintenance concrete flooring, which I've seen at other places in LA, it gives W&O a harsh industrial look, that clashes with other spaces in the restaurant. As others have noted, the floors do not help with the high decibel sound level.NOISE: 5 Bell Alert. Might be difficult to carry a conversation (however, patio is considerably quiet)
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,5/2/2014,2371,1713,63,74,64>Warning: 85°C is hot ...  and fresh. Note: Due to unusually high levels of freshness, employees are not responsible for any smiles or moans that may arise while tasting the fresh breads, cakes, coffees, smoothies, and desserts. Enter with caution ... and a burning desire for yum."Fresh Bread"It's just two words. Two small words. Each is fine on its own, but together ... oh, together ... Magic. Other than "Ice & Cream" or "Bacon & Anything" are there two better paired words than Fresh & Bread? At 85°C Bakery, the continual shouts of "Fresh Bread" from baking elves delivering trays of hot-out-of-the-oven baked breads is as irresistible as any siren's song. If you thought the crowds were bad on Black Friday for a cheap knock-off tablet, well, they are worse when a tray of fresh Cheese & Hot Dog Buns arrives. It really doesn't matter which bread is brought out from the bakery ... just get it and be happy ... cause it's fresh.A few recommendations after just one visit: * Taro Swirl Roll - Sweet Taro Custard Bun full of taro-ness * Milk Pudding (Custard) Roll - Creamy and charmin-soft bun * Chocolate Croissant - Best chocolate in a croissant ever * Mochi Egg Tart - Portuguese-style egg tart with a layer of Mochi. * Cherry Puff Pastry - Flaky "danish" with Cherry Filling on top * Frozen Marble Taro with Boba ($0.50 extra) - Full of calories, taste, & smiles * Taro Brûlée Cake - Taro-fic 8" Vanilla Chiffon with Taro filling & Vanilla Brulee * Strawberry Panna Cotta Cup - Creamy Strawberry Panna Cotta with Berries * Mango Panna Cotta Cup - Mango Panna Cotta with fresh Mango on top * Mango Blossom - Fresh Mangos and Mango Cream on a Vanilla Sponge CakeOnly two breads I would skip next time: * Almond Half-Moon Cake - Didn't like the Vanilla Sponge Cake or Cream/Almonds * Pork Sung Half-Moon Cake - Same weak Vanilla Sponge Cake with Pork Sung.With free parking and convenience to the 405 & 110, Taiwanese-based 85°C Bakery Cafe is in a prime location to ruin my diet ... and satisfy my burning desire for fresh bread. Just remember the warning because 85°C is hot, hot, hotter than hell ... and fresh.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,5/1/2014,1958,924,14,22,21>Sony Pictures Studios is a beautiful campus.. I enjoy walking around checking out all the memorabilia. Be sure to call and find out how to get in - security is still strongly enforced.There is visitor parking off Madison in the BIG building.They have a Studio Tour ( sonypicturesstudiostours…  ) and there is lots to see and learn.There are several places to eat there as well if you are touring about. The Commissary(310) 244-9090Open 6am-3pm M-FThe Commissary offers self-serve and full service in a beautiful patio dining room overlooking the park outside Harry Cohn. Enjoy fresh wok and pasta selections, a salad bar, deli sandwiches, pizzas, hot entrees and more.The Museum Marketplace(310) 244-5087Open 11:30am-2:30pm M-FIndulge in Wolfgang Puck's signature pizzas, choose from a selection of seasonal entrees and sides prepared daily, or use this versatile space to host a large catered event. The magical one-of-a-kind movie memorabilia, colorful costumes and exciting props from recent and classic blockbusters are sure to bring your party to life.The Gower Café(310) 244-8984Open 11:30am-2:30pm M-FThe Gower is proud to present Wolfgang Puck's signature pizza cooked in an authentic wood-burning pizza oven, a deli counter, Mexican food selections, house- made soups and a salad bar filled with the freshest and finest seasonal vegetables.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,4/30/2014,462,171,14,20,20>I had two credits to use and figured I would try out the facials.  It is a $10 upgrade from the massage credit and I think well worth it.  My aesthetician was Paris.  She had a very strong Eastern European accent so she was difficult to understand for the most part, but her touch was gentle and she was very thorough. She asked frequently about the pressure to make sure I was comfortable.  Guys, she is really gorgeous! Might spur some of you into getting a little skin care done. :)Massage Envy uses Murad products. I have seen the line before and know that it is touted as high quality.   Paris picked out several specifically for my needs.  OK, it's anti-aging.  I admit it! I thnk I heard her say hyaluronic acid and I know she talked about hydration.  She also put a pure Vitamin C on my face sometime during the facial.  That accent and soft voice would have required too much energy to really care what was said what with nice little soft pads on my face and the coziness of the table.  She used warm steam several times as well as warm, wet towels on my face which feels oh so good!  The table was heated with a nice roll under the knees and the blankets are very soft.  I felt all tucked in and ready for sleep.  There was typical spa music playing and the room was nice and quiet, dimly lit and lent itself perfectly to a relaxing experience.   Paris has a soothing voice (even if I can't understand most of what she is saying) and I was so relaxed by the end that I was falling asleep.  My skin looks fabulous!  I had been lax about getting facials since I moved from Vegas to Cali.  Looks like I will be getting back into the habit again.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/29/2014,281,191,15,22,15>La Venadita Market is one of Carson's worst kept secrets! lol My family & I have been coming here for over 10 years w/o regrets & the longest I've waited for my number to be called is 40 minutes. lolThe short-------------------Bring patience, a fat wallet, park on the street on holidays, take a number & order 'carne asada', & ceviche.The long--------------------Location: This market is located about a half a block south of 220th Street along Main Street on the west side of the street. Parking: Street & private lot available. Minus a star for cramped lot. Interior: This is not just a meat market it's a grocery market too. It is very packed w narrow aisles and feels cramped even when empty. lolOrdering procedure for meat/poultry/etc on busy days: Take a number from a red machine located on the far right of the meat counter then wait for your number to be called. You can gather other groceries while the numbers are called out as the store is rather small.Favorites: -Carne asada (marinated beef sliced for grilling). This is what nearly everyone comes here for.-Marinated chicken-Ceviche (OMG!)-Guacamole (medium to very hot)-Nopal tortillas (fresh green cactus tortillas)-ready made corn sopes for preparing at home (super thick corn rounds)-queso fresco (fresh Mexican Cheese)-sour cream (fresh Mexican style)-fresh veggies including: ripe avocados, tomatillos (green salsa), pasilla peppers (chilles rellenos), chayotes, cebollitas (grilling onions), etc-cool piñatas for kids & adults!Tip: Avoid the market on holidays not because of the crowds but a decline in quality of asada. I typically go a couple days before the rush. This also gives the meat a little more time to absorb the flavorings.Parking Tip: Park on the westerly curb (on the Venadita Market side). Main St has 4 lanes +40mph & a median. I've seen some close calls! Let's be grown ups. Admit we cannot outrun cars traveling over 40mph with kiddies & 30 lbs of groceries. Procrastinator Tip: You need La Venadita's Carne Asada last minute & it's 4th of July weekend. The crowds are crazy! What do you do? Roll out of bed early & come here before you do anything else! I have come here at 8am in pj's & bed hair just so I can avoid the holiday waits for last minute reunions. ;)Penny Pincher Tip: Check out their website for couponsLong Distance Customer Tip: There are 2 additional locations: Wilmington & Whittier (where they have the tortilleria & bakery)
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,4/28/2014,45,16,17,22,19>From the first phone call I made, and the conversation I had with Belle, to the estimate I received from Barak on-site, to the actual move itself--the entire experience with Green Mountain was professional in every sense of the word.  Originally I had debated whether to use a mover (vs. doing it myself), then once I made the decision to go forward with them I found out that my new condo had a "preferred list" of movers and unfortunately, Green Mountain wasn't on it.  Because of that I had to leave a $500 deposit with my HOA, which isn't refundable for approximately one month after the move (if it were on the list the deposit would have been waived).  Nevertheless, I decided to go forward with Green Mountain anyway, because I had a good impression of them from the get-go.  I am very pleased that I stuck with my decision, because they were truly outstanding.  I would highly recommend them to anyone considering a move.  They did the entire move within 4 hours and it was worth every penny.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,4/27/2014,235,193,42,52,51>Mom 'n Pop fro-yo shoppe in the Walgreens corner strip mall with the dry cleaner and Korean barbeque.Maybe not a good location for this type of business.  Am I too late.. is Penguin's gone already? :'(Ambiance was lack-lustre, but the fro-yo and toppings were excellent.  Like Pinkberry, only six flavours available at a time.Enjoyed the Cookies 'n Cream and Vanilla.  Multi-coloured mochi, and the fresh mango was really good, ripe and large dice.  Yum-tastic.'Yo-cream'-- some fancy combo of yogurt and cream-- is apparently what makes Penguin's really creamy and rich-tasting.Samples are free, and the owners were super nice.  EXTRA STAR for them, as well as awesomely fresh fruit topping, delicious creamy goodness, as well as the hand sanitiser right next to a napkin dispenser.Dessert for under five buckaronis.. YES please!  They also served Blue Bunny ice cream for.. non-fro-yo fans.  Yeah, I know there are some.But truly, though-- we simply can't be bffs if you hates on my fro-yo love.;P
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,4/26/2014,194,160,11,22,14>Wednesday nights are HOT at Seventy7!  The Vintage Belles perform sultry burlesque shows every Wednesday.  They mix into the crowd and give lucky patrons a little personalized attention.  Clothes fly off all over the place as they seductively strip down to the bare essentials.  It's top-shelf naughty!  ;)Shows start at 9pm and continue throughout the night. The ladies are gorgeous and talented professionals; they put on an amazing show.  Alternating Wednesdays, the Vintage Belles are joined by the live band Mojo Voodoo Gypsies.  No cover, amazing burlesque, good band/DJ = great night!ps.  In typical speakeasy fashion, the cocktails are pretty good.  West Side and Forbidden Fruit are my faves.  Bee Pollen and their Truffle Fries are good too.  (love Scarlett Jo, but her namesake cocktail is too easy to drink... tab adds up quickly! lol)
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,4/25/2014,4161,1558,12,19,17>Valet parking is $7 for first three hours with validation.  It's $10 thereafter.Bf and I ordered crab cake appetizer and a lobster roll sandwich ($48+).  The crab cake was the best I've ever had with copious chunks of real crab.  It didn't have a lot of fillers.  The lobster roll sandwich was fresh, but there was a flavor that I didn't much care for.  It came with fries and pickles.The service was impeccable.  The waitstaff was highly attentive.  I'm not sure whether it charged me to split the plate, but the presentation was blameless.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,4/24/2014,7,24,22,21,23>Seriously, the best money we have ever spent! Not only are they prompt, professional, and extremely helpful with what is obviously a stressful time but they are very nice. They helped us move out of our apartment into our new home and managed to do it very quickly, efficiently, and might I add without DAMAGING ANYTHING! Happy we don't have to move again for a while but if we do I definitely know who to call in the future. :)
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,4/22/2014,1002,224,12,16,14>Satire version of Jenny B's Review on ROCOh my my, I don't even know where to begin. I heard this place from a friend of mine who lives in SGV. According to them, this place was as good as Din Tai Fung(DTF). Well, since I work in the area and my friend who was visiting from Canada was craving for XLB (Xiao Long Bao), I figured, let's try this new joint.First of all, this place has no sign outside. NONE, at all so it was awesome. I mean... their star sign was ugly anyways & secret awesome hole in the walls do not need a sign to attract true Foodies. Anyhow, of course first thing we ordered was the Xiao Long Bao, I also ordered the pork XLB and Crab Fried Rice, along with the Bokchoi. My oh My, this place was almost up to par with DTF. If not better. Just that XLB took quite long time to come but it was gone in seconds. Pork XLB: The soup, texture, everything was perfect. Quite hot but delicious. Fried Port Chops: OMG orgasm in your mouth good. Crab Fried Rice? Why on earth do other chinese people put shrimp instead of crab all the time? DELICIOUS!!!!Overall, I will definitely come back just for the XLB. Even if you live in SGV, it's worth it to drive to the Westside for this XLB. Service was great and I LOVED that they had no shame displaying non-chinese ( Latinos) making those bomb-ass XLB at the open kitchen. I mean, that Hispanic lady XLB making was freaking pro status. Easy access valet parking, overall great experience. Definitely going back! Jenny B & I are close Yelp friend. Coolest and down to earth awesome Yelp Elite I know. But sometimes, Foodie Yelpers can agree to disagree on Food ;) Especially when it comes to Asian food. Love you Jenny! :D
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,4/21/2014,1137,317,15,20,19>The bf and I recently discovered Manpuku while walking the cute area that is Sawtelle. We were deciding where to get dinner and were instantly sold when we saw the words BBQ!As of December 2013, Manpuku only have one special on their happy hour: $39 meal for 2 people. The special is pretty solid and more than enough for two hungry people. It comes with four cuts of meat, cabbage salad, soup, kimchi, veggies, rice and ice cream! Not too shabby! My favorite cut of meet is the Marinated Kalbi, which isn't on the happy hour menu. It's delicious.I've been here twice in the last two weeks, so it's safe to say Manpuku is a YES in my books!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,4/20/2014,458,100,9,16,11>Decent spot along PCH in Redondo BeachWas there this week on Tuesday for their all night happy hour(HH) which had various beers(Tecante, Tap Pale ale beer and another Mexican beer) on special all around $3 , $1 tacos(Choice of chicken or pork) , Edamame and Shishito Peppers and Pail of Fries and Kale Grit fritters(The star of the happy hour menu) which are all $3...We also ordered the Pork Ribs which had about 4-5 ribs all good size with a tangy BBQ sauce and also the Mac and Goat cheese with mushrooms and peas which was tasty with great flavor mixer . Didnot care for the peas though...Also ordered the HH beer at $3 We saw the other tables also had the the flat iron steak which had good portion . Will try it on a return visit..Overall good South Bay crowd. Place is not that big so it fills up fast so need to get there early for HH to secure a spot at the bar or the numerous tables.Small parking lot in back(Enter in alley next to the kids gym and the liquor store)or park across the street in the small with Cayote Cantina and Petsmart)...They also have various mix cocktails(Bourbon, Manhattan, and Margarita variations) all at $10 which is reasonably priced.All food is priced between $4-$16.Happy hour prices are all around $3 for beer and food.Overall not bad and will be back....
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/19/2014,2159,644,10,16,12>OMG I totally did not expect this!  The show was hilarious!  I felt kind of bad for my boyfriend who I dragged along with me to see the show when I saw the crowd (which were mostly older women).  But it ended up to be a fun night for the both of us!  I think he was laughing more than me lol.The jokes were very sexual!  Don't sit in the front if you are too shy to get picked on :pThank you so much for the tickets Brittany!
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/17/2014,532,89,17,30,24>Green Temple is a homemade style vegetarian restaurant that offers really delicious vegan and vegetarian comfort food. The restaurant is located on the corner of Catalina and Avenue I (pretty much overlooking Redondo Beach.)Green Temple states on their website that 85% of their ingredients are organic and most of the non-organic produce are locally grown. They shop mostly for their ingredients at farmers markets, Whole Foods and Trader Joe's. They only serve whole grains. They don't use white sugar and processed ingredients. They say they bake in glass and use filtered water for cooking and their to-go containers are either corn based or recycled. I frequently come here when I like to eat a healthy and clean meal (aka no meat, preservatives, MSG, oil/grease filled food.) Which I know can be very tempting but alas I'm a Nutritionist now I have to set a good example. My favorite dishes here are as follow:Avocado SandwichThe  Avocado Sandwich here is made with whole wheat walnut bread, tomatoes, lettuce, sprouts, seasoned with spices and served with a side of garden mix vegetables topped with their famous organic tofu sauce. (This dish is a must if you love avocados and the taste of a fresh crisp salad.)$9.00Avocado Melt The Avocado Melt is also very delicious. It is made with the same ingredients as the Avocado Sandwich with the addition of either white cheddar cheese or a soy mozzarella cheese. (This dish gives a more meatier taste for your palate with the addition of either the two cheeses. A great recommendation for meat lovers turning to the veggie side for a meal or so.)$10.00Tofu BowlThis Tofu Bowl is no ordinary tofu bowl it is by far the best tofu bowl dish I have ever eaten. The bowl is made up of organic brown rice, organic black beans, organic tofu, and served with the organic tofu sauce. (The bowl is very filling with two different types of lean protein, the black beans and the tofu. Yet this bowl looks very simple yet packs a tasty, creamy powerful punch! An all time favorite for Tofu lovers!)$8.50 for half portion$11.00 for a large plateCornadillaThis dish is my mother's favorite, she orders this every time she comes here. This is a vegetarian twist on Mexican food which I like. They use an organic sprouted whole-wheat tortillas filled with soy mozzarella cheese with freshly steamed corn. Served with side of homemade salsa and guacamole. (My mom likes this dish because she like the sweet white corn taste on the tortilla and she likes that extra serving of guacamole. I do too but I think she likes it more =) so for all you corn lovers out there this one is for you.)$6.00 for half$9.00 Tips:One thing I really love about this place is they have a half this and half that combo and the good news is they have that menu all day (when they are open.) So there is no need for that Happy Hour half off rush on certain days or certain hours. They have these combo prices all the time and on the days that they are open.1/2 Sandwich & a Bowl of Soup$12.001/2 Sandwich & a Cup of Soup$10.001/2 Sandwich & a Dinner Salad$12.001/2 Any Quesadilla & a Cup of Soup$10.001/2 Any Quesadilla & a Bowl of Soup or Dinner Salad$12.00Cup of Soup & a Dinner Salad$10.00Bowl of Soup & a Dinner Salad$12.00Pros:Clean, healthy meal that will make you feel happy and energized all dayThe prices here are pretty reasonable, considering this is a vegetarian restaurant The atmosphere of the restaurant is very tranquil and relaxingCons:They only have four parking spots in front of the restaurantThey have strange closing hours that vary when you walk in (sometimes they allow you to come in to eat 40-30 minutes before closing sometimes they don't, quite confusing.)Overall, this place could have been a 5/5 but, I think the service from the employees could be lot better. Also I would appreciate it they would change their working hours on the yelp web site (IT IS INCORRECT). They don't open from 9AM to 9PM almost everyday!Here are their open hours...Sunday  9am - 12pm for Breakfast, 12pm - 4pm, & 5pm - 9pmMonday  CLOSEDTuesday  11am - 4pm, 5pm - 9pmWednesday  11am - 4pm, 5pm - 9pmThursday  11am - 4pm, 5pm - 9pmFriday  11am - 4pm, 5pm - 10pmSaturday  11am - 4pm, 5pm - 10pmAlso please note that they stop seating half an hour before closing hour and take last to-go order ten minutes before closing.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,4/16/2014,791,331,14,17,16>It's a nice surprise to see a stand alone counter top kiosk serving up some truly haute dessert cuisine such as the lofty and oh so trendy macaron.  There are no shortage of choices, some decidedly less traditional. It seems they have the standards, and the seasonal and limited editions. The price tag is commensurate with any other French bakery so don't count on any discounted  delicate confection here. A dozen can set you back a pretty penny but you can satisfy that macaron craving with what ever flavor catches your eye by the individual treat. The meringue shells had the right consistency, a toasty crunch and a soft  pillow texture to compliment a generous filling. 2 of the three we sampled were a bit fresher that the other, they were all quite well balanced and not overly sweet.Top to bottom: yelp.com/biz_photos/napo…Tiramisu-Well executedChocolate-( can't remember the filling, it was a special and the oldie of the bunch.)     Salted Carmel-Not to salty and not too sweet, just right It seems they do a decent amount of online sales and have expanded to the Glendale Galleria, continued success to Napoleon's!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,4/15/2014,427,263,13,18,18>Gardena Bowl serves up my style of comfort food. Don't let the fact that it's in a bowling alley fool you because the food here is delicious. Being that I'm half Filipino with that side of the family from Hawaii, I am no stranger to any of the menu items offered here. The Hawaiian Royal is something I can eat at all times of the day. If it's cold outside and I don't feel like ramen or pho then saimin will do the trick. If I really have an appetite I'll go for the lau lau with lomi salmon and mac salad. Sometimes there just aren't enough family gatherings to satisfy my craving for this type of food. Oddly enough, they also have excellent pancakes, yes pancakes.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,4/14/2014,703,398,14,20,21>I needed a cake for the next day and was unable to get to a bakery until the previous evening. Venice Bakery was actually my second stop. Knowing full well there might be slim pickings at the end of the day, I sauntered in and was pleasantly surprised by the variety of cakes they had on display. All of the cakes looked delicious, but I went with a 6" round tres leches cake with fruit toppings for $15. I thought this was a very good deal considering some of the bakeries I looked into were charging $30+! Even the 8" cakes were reasonable at $25. The 6" cake was a tall cake. I was a bit worried it would not be enough for about 10 people, but it worked out. Because the cake is tall, a thin slice was more than enough! The last person to get cake actually got a hefty slice! I wouldn't recommend this size for a big sweets crowd, but this was sufficient for our get together. The cake was so light, moist, and not too sweet. Yet it still satisfied my sweet tooth. Everyone at work raved about it.I am definitely a fan! This will be my first stop when I'm in need of a whole cake. Staff is friendly, the place is clean, and the prices are budget friendly. Yay for Venice Bakery!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,4/12/2014,1404,152,11,26,23>My new-ish favorite is the Irish Earl Grey Milk Tea with easy boba! The boba itself isn't my favorite but oh man, I love that earl grey flavor! Use your five star reward card and after 15 points, you get a free drink. Thursdays= double points! Mmmm, one of the better, authentic Taiwanese boba spots in the valley. Actual tea, not powdered junk like you would get from a donut shop!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,4/11/2014,855,592,17,22,22>Stellllllla~!Came in for a quick catchup "snack" of:* GET - Arugula & celery caesar = Freeeesh salad, great citrusy dressing.* GET - Homemade porchetta & fennel pizza = Perfectly-done pizza, thin base, generous porchetta, crunchy crust.  Also equated to 4-slices per girl in one sitting, ha!  * YES - Friendly service.* YES - Center square-shaped full bar, high ceiling, wooden decor.  * YES - Connected to M Street Kitchen (a must-go for ginormous cookies).* WOA:- Street metered parking onlyHeard this is fun for afterhours pow-wow, gotta check it out someday.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,4/10/2014,407,186,15,21,20>I've been wanting to try this place for awhile, and I'm glad I finally did!! First time trying Lebanese food!!I took my family here for lunch. We ordered the chicken shawerma, beef shawerma, chicken kebab, and half chicken plate. Each combo came with either a salad or soup. I was a bit sick, so I opted for their lentil soup. Very soothing and rejuvenating. We also had a tray of pita bread and hummus, which was on the bland side. I love hummus, but theirs disappointed me.  Their beef shawerma comes as a delicious dome of rice pilaf, topped with generous portions of flame-broiled marinated tri-tip. Its REALLY good. Its very tasty, savory and filling. I was only able to eat half of it. It's a new unique taste to me, so I really enjoyed it. My mom was absolutely delighted with both the chicken and beef versions. To this day, she will not stop raving about those dishes. Their kebabs are also delicious too - probably some of the best I've had since its so jam-packed with flavor.It took awhile for the food to come out since there's only two people working: the owners. Nevertheless, the owner was very kind and friendly. It seemed very empty when we dined here, so please give this place a shot if you're looking for something new!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,4/9/2014,142,274,9,18,11>YESSSS A GREAT LOCAL POKE PLACE!I have to give a ton of thanks to my boyfriend because if it weren't for him, I would've driven right past this place and never seen it!The parking lot is rather small just like the building itself, so finding a spot may prove to be a challenge once this place becomes more popular.Jus' Poke opened yesterday and I'm so happy to have a great place to satisfy my poke cravings. Its a pretty small location with only a few seats, but its the poke that counts! They offer a few different varieties including: original poke, shoyu poke, tofu poke, etc. You can choose between a bowl (which comes with poke, rice, and one side) or "jus' poke."They will let you sample the different kinds so you can get a feel for what you like. I tried both the original and shoyu poke. The shoyu poke was a little too salty for me but the original poke was just right! I bought the large for $10.The two people on staff were very friendly and welcoming. I will certainly be back soon!PLEASE COME AND TRY JUS' POKE!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,4/8/2014,1172,234,12,19,19>Let me first start off by saying, THANK YOU SOOO MUCH!!! To the yelp team,Brittany and the Olive Garden staff for putting this amazing and delicious event together, the staff was amazing!!!! This was by far the most awesome yelp event ever!!!This event is to sample the new menu that Olive Garden is releasing soon to everyone.We get to the event about 20 minutes early, there was a couple of yelpers there already sitting in the waiting area, and we are greeted by the supervisor which was a super awesome and pleasant supervisor. He got us any drink we wanted while we waited for the event to start.Then The supervisor came and got us and took us to our seats in the bar area which was a huge dining area too with many tables, and the tables had Yelp stuff all over it lolAWESOME!!Then Brittany arrived and started checking all the yelpers into the event.Then they sat all the yelpers in the dining/bar area, about 70 of us in there, and they start to bring everyone drinks they wanted, they also gave us 2 drink tickets to get any alcohol drink that we wanted, which was AWESOME!!!Then they bring out the first plate which is an appetizer, it is called Polenta shrimp alla Greca, which was soooo delicious!!! It had polenta,shrimp, olives with a lot of seasoning and full of excellent flavors. 5 stars!!!Second plate was the spicy Calabrian wings, which are like your typical buffalo wings but more Italian style, no buffalo sauce, it was a coat of herbs and spices and a side of herb ranch and a chili paste with Olive oil so that you could make the wings more spicy, AMAZING!!!!Third place was the crispy risotto bites, which are little fried balls with risotto and cheese inside, and marinara sauce to dip in, WOW!!! Soooo dang good!!!!Fourth plate is antipasti Italian meats and cheeses salad, which is basically their famous salad with delicious meats on top, that was the best salad ever!!!Fifth plate was the roasted tomato caprese salad, which is again the famous original salad but with delicious greens like kale, roasted tomatoes, mozzarella balls on top, delicious!!!!Sixth plate was a smashed chicken meatball sandwich, which was amazing!! Check my pictures out to see how they cut this baby in 4, the sauce they put complimented the sandwich all the way!!! 5 stars!!Seventh plate was the tri colored vegetable penne primavera which was deliciousEighth plate was the Large paccheri with creamy sun dried tomatoes, which is basically pasta with 2 large meatballs but WAY!!! Better!!!Ninth plate was the Chicken Abruzzi, which looks like a giant soup, but it has beans,greens and chicken, totally to die for!!!Tenth plate was pappardelle pescatore, had clams,shrimp and mussel, this was my favorite dish, I LOVE SEAFOOD!!! The pasta and the sauce was the best I ever had!!! I can't wait to eat this again.Eleventh plate was the salmon bruschetta, wow!! Wow!!! Wow!!! It was risotto all around it and the salmon right on top, looked like a plate straight out of chef Ramsey's kitchen lol it... Was.... WILD AND YUMMY!!!The last plate was the desert which was salted caramel tiramisu, this has got to be the best tiramisu I have EVER had!!! Not too sweet and the salted part was perfect!!Overall this is a menu that is gonna blow many peoples minds in a great and fun way, I love the idea of this new menu, I can't wait for it to be released to the public.Throughout this while event, they were giving away gift cards to Olive Garden for those that tweeted their pics online LOLThey also gave us these awesome shirts that say"I love Pasta" That is sweet!!I want to say thanks again to all ofThe yelp team, Brittany and all of the excellent staff at the Olive Garden for this amazing and very delicious experience, I will for sure be referring everyone to go and try the new menu when it comes out in the future. THANK YOU SOOO MUCH!!!!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,4/7/2014,974,310,17,16,15>Here's the thing, though.I left a good job in the city, working for the man every night and day and I never lost one minute of sleeping worrying bout the way things might have been.  Rolling.Rolling.Rolling on the river.Also, I have friends in low places where the whiskey drowns and the beer chases my blues away ... And I'll be ok.Finally, you may be right, I may be crazy and I just might be the lunatic your looking for.  These are my karaoke go tos but they also express the erratic divey nature of the coolest down home bar on the westside.  Garth, Tina and BJ all approved ... Find me another bar like that with dingy people and character west of the 405!  You haven't? Of course, I've done the legwork and since only the good die young, I will continue to karaoke at GL straight into my goldens dancing queen style.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,4/6/2014,542,312,32,39,39>Something scrumptious just popped up in this happening Culver City strip mall. It's located right next to the Pei Wei diner and after speaking with the owner, I found out they just opened 3 weeks ago, this is their flagship store, and best of all they're not a chain!The concept is fro-yo a la yogurtland where it is completely self-served which means you can get even your toppings all at their toppings bar. They also have a wall of candied toppings such including all the favorites such M&Ms, crumbled oreos, a lot of cereal toppings (including a personal favorite - Cookie Crisp). There's a bulletin board where you can request flavors too which is a nice touch. Some flavors they are starting with are Tahitian Vanilla, Sea Salt Caramel Pretzel, Double Rich Chocolate, Strawberry, Orange Sorbet, Coconut, Espresso, and a couple more. Price is about .39 cents per oz. and I got a nice cup full at $3.37 w/ pineapples, gummi worms, bears, green boba, and mochi. I'm not normally a fro-yo fan but I think I like this place more than most yogurtlands probably because its just a mom-and-pop type of place trying to make it. A welcome addition to this popular strip mall of Culver City and a nice capper to a dinner at the nearby Kimukatsu.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,4/5/2014,1441,859,25,31,29>Da Food is ONO!  I came here with my cousin and Aunty/Uncles to have breakfast.  When I was invited and told where we were going, I was a bit dissapointed because I don't think that many of the Hawaiian restaurants in the mainland get the local food right.   BOB's DOES!!!!For breakfast, I ordered the fried saimin.  The noodles was kinda ono!  It was made with bits of char siu, green onions, and all the local kind of ingredients to make it taste home cooked.  I really enjoyed this dish!  Grade:  B+yelp.com/biz_photos/bobs…The best looking plates on the table were the scrambled eggs, rice, and Portugese Sausage!   It was ONO.  The portugese sausage was thick cut and generous portions!  Eggs were cooked to perfection.Note:  For breakfast hours, you can order almost anything on the entire menu except fo rthe chow fun.The best part of my dining experience was going to the wall of the Hawaii High School Shirts.  Right there in the middle and front, was the McKinley High shirt!  Brought back tons of memories!This place is sooo ono, I'll be back!Food Grade:  B+Service Grade:  BWorth the Money Grade:  B+Overall Impression Grade:  B+
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/4/2014,1682,713,30,34,33>Well move over Kimukatsu because you're not the only Japanese restaurant that serves up the special tonkatsu (pork cutlets).You wouldn't know this place was anything special by their non-descript façade in Old Town Torrance.  But there is a section of the restaurant that has a really great ambiance.  There is also a more traditional-type dining room but I really like the section on the left with the dark woods and private compartments for dining.We were served the miso soup starter and a small bowl with pestle was set down as well where we were to grind the sesame seeds that we are mix in with the tonkatsu sauce.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…I had ordered the Cheese Tonkatsu (pork cutlet) set.  It came with a very generously sized pork cutlet which was pretty amazing.  The set costs $15 and for what you get, I thought it was worth it.  The entire lot was impressive looking with the various dishes of vegetables, miso soup, thinly sliced cabbage and rice Set: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Cabbage: yelp.com/user_local_phot…I was blown away by the how tender the pork cutlet was.  It was made by thinly slicing the pork and layering it on top of each other, then coat it with panko bread crumbs and deep fried to a nice golden brown.  Yum to the yum!!  yelp.com/user_local_phot…Cheddar cheese was also place inside which was gooey and delicious yelp.com/user_local_phot…The service was so-so as we weren't checked on very often and had to ask for things.  However, overall, I'd say this place was a winner due to the generous portion of scrumptious pork cutlet.There's a small parking lot on the side of the building otherwise, street parking is available too.  I look forward to returning for more yummy tonkatsu!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,4/3/2014,58,166,6,16,10>Opening day! Got here at 4:30... No line!!We ordered a Chicago dog, California style Freddy's burger, a double Freddy's burger, chili cheese fries, and 2 kids meals... To start!There wasn't a single thing that wasn't ridiculously good. No left overs or trash... Which is a miracle from my kiddos...Everything was fresh, hot, and super yummy. By the time we finished eating, lines started forming for dinner. We decided to take a trip through the drive thru for deserts that they are supposedly known for...And I can certainly say, the vanilla frozen custard was extremely tasty, dense, and left me wanting more even though I was full!Plus they make fun dirt n worm cups for kids! Very friendly staff and everything came in a decent amount of time!This will be a regular place of ours I'm certain!!!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,4/2/2014,139,223,26,23,22>Liquid Kitty and I are in an abusive relationship.  I'm always showing up drunk to see her, I always wake up regretting it and I keep trying to introduce my friends to her.  And every time, people take one look at her and go "Uh...dude?"The key adjective for Liquid Kitty is "dark".  Another would be "seedy".  And a third would be "awesome".  I don't know what it is about the place, it's normally totally empty (and this is a big space we're talking about, empty is cavernous here), the people seem to run the gamut from confused hipsters, crazy people and skeevy old men taking their young mistresses on dates.  The drinks are okay, cheap and strong as they need to be to make this kind of unhealthy relationship work.  The bartenders are really friendly and go point-for-point on quirkiness with their customers.  There's also a couple of regulars who are just fun to sit next to.  For example, the girl who talks about all the sexual acts she gets up to in alleyways and the quiet guy with a powerful thirst for absinthe.In general, don't go expecting a wild time.  It's dark, dingy and full of low-expectations, but if you're looking for a dive bar on the West Side, this one is textbook.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,4/1/2014,1533,108,16,22,18>I have been living near this place for a few years now and never knew there was an ice cream shop located inside. I really just thought that It was a pharmacy. I've even went to the Carl's Jr right in front and STILL did not know there was an ice cream shop on the inside. So one day I was looking through nearby places on yelp and De Soto pharmacy and Soda Shoppe came up. I thought this was weird because I just thought it was a pharmacy. I then look through some of the pictures and instantly got excited thinking (how could I not have known about this place) especially with my crazy sweet tooth. Next I bookmarked this place and went to this location as soon as I had a chance.When I entered (through the front) the first thing I see is pharmacy stuff...(duh robin), but as soon as I turned to the left (ahhhhhhh) I saw heaven. I immediately ran over to the soda shoppe and asked to try the ice cream soda. I chose the coffee flavored frozen yogurt (the only frozen yogurt flavor, other than blueberry) and I chose root beer as my soda. Of course I got whip cream and sprinkles too! The overall taste was great, It is definitely something that I will have to get every once in a while. The frozen yogurt coffee flavor mixed with the root beer tasted pretty decent. I would hope that they would get more frozen yogurt flavors other then the current two that they have then I would be a regular. The service here was great too, the person who took my order was Jose, and he was nice and very patient with me as I took my time figuring out what exactly I wanted.OH YEAH.. and because I checked in. I got my ice cream soda for only $1 (yayyy me)
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,3/31/2014,3694,383,21,38,28>What a change up from the ole Mi Ranchito!We go from your grandmother's collecion of museum nick knacks to a modern minimalist establishment that I can definitely appreciate because it livens up the so called/up-n-coming restaurant row of Culver City West (west of the 405 fwy that is).From A-Frame, Waterloo & City, The Corner Door, Pitfire Pizza, Paco's Tacos and the Alibi Room that have adorned Washington Boulevard comes a dig named Fin that satisfies my palette for something au courant.Taking a look at the menu, I'd say this joint is Asian-fusion.  This evening I was entertained by the following menu items:Albacore Crispy Onion Float ($12) - The tuna sashimi was smothered in thin fried onions jalapeños and an interesting sauce :: excellent dish that was flavorful and savory with a slight hint of heat and a bit of crunch, I'm not mad at cha!Lightly Seared Beef Carpaccio w/ Japanese Vinaigrette ($15) - Delicately seared & sliced beef filet topped with this sort of micro green salad & vinaigrette :: now this shit rocked the casbah in my book! This was my favorite dish of the evening as the beef was so juicy with the perfect amount of greens and crunch came through to keep me sim sim simmerin' as my friends and I looked like a bunch of satisfied Homer Simpsons who just indulged on a sprinkled donut. Damn, that is the shizznazzies if you ask me!  Truth be told, I could even order the micro green salad on its own.Spicy Rock Shrimp Tempura ($12) - A mountain of shrimp surrounded by crisp endives :: those endives came in handy as I made little tacos out of them and they sure satisfied my hunger.  Surprisingly crispy and moist like a fresh order of walnut shrimp.  I would order another round...Fin Roll ($16) - Shoot!!! I'm not sure what was in here but it was good.  It was covered in all that crispy tempura shavings and each bite had a burst of crunch and juiciness from the fresh fish - couldn't tell what fish was inside though....???I was so hungry that I definitely could've order more but it was packed inside and the wait time for more food was going to be a lil bit while the beverages were coming full stream so guess what - I DRANK!!!!!The Shiso Rockin' was cool that I swigged on but I decided to stick with Jameson on the Rocks for the rest of my stay.  Full bar establishment which is lovely while Ken & Christine whom I met were great tenders of the bar!  The venue has no signage out front and I'm sure this will change soon enough.  The building is newly painted black and grey I believe (it was evening time).  My party had excellent service from the lovely Pamela and her suggestions were definitely on point!  Minnie was a doll as she guided us to available seating at the bar where we could place food orders. Got to chop it up with the owners, Mike and Geo, who were totally cool and engaged in true conversation.  The night was super busy for them and there are kinks to work out indeed as they are new to the block but I must say, this side of town is in for a real treat.  I look forward to coming back, eating more items off that menu and finding a new spot I can call "Cheers".HOLLA!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,3/30/2014,510,482,12,17,13>One of the nicest if not the nicest park in the valley. Sure the artificial lake smells sometimes but it's pretty. There are peddle boat rentals available if you want on the weekends. A lot of gatherings and festivities happen on the weekend and it's packed on holidays. There are grills, tables and benches throughout the park. It's good place to run a quick lap around the lake is about 1 mile.It's a big park and is very spacious. There's a playground with fairly new equipment. In  the spring time there are beautiful cherry blossoms. Good place to come clear your mind and relax. The park is clean and is well kept. There's always an ice cream truck or two around.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/29/2014,627,515,10,13,8>I love Taco Sinaloa! Legit Mexican food that's open 24/7, 7 days a week!This place is kind of ghetto and dirty at times, but they seriously have some of the best tacos and quesadillas around. They also offer burritos, tostadas and tortas.The staff here knows exactly what they are supposed to be doing. They typically have one guy at the register and two guys making the food. The food usually only takes a few minutes to make so the wait is never too long.They also have a stand next to the counter where you can get all of your pickled vegetables, different salsa, limes and all that good stuff to put on your food.Food:Asada- The asada here is good for the most part. It's very flavorful, but at times you can get a bite of fat that's really hard to chew.Al pastor- Marinated pork that is so tasty and goes well in their tacos or quesadilla.Pollo-  Charbroiled chicken that has great seasoning on it and I personally just like getting it in the quesadilla. The tacos here are pretty basic with cilantro and onions on top. It's up to you what else you want to put on it. I also like getting a combo if I'm pretty hungry. The combos come with beans, rice and a little lettuce/salsa salad. They have different combos, but I usually just get the 2 taco combo or the combo and quesadilla combo. If you want some of the best Mexican food in the South Bay area, you should definitely stop by Taco Sinaloa. They also have beer here!!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/28/2014,191,273,10,15,12>Great location right off the fwy    (101/405 adjacent) At first glace I thought wow this place is super clean like ocd clean especially for a pie shopso im thinking to myself  'whats the pizza gonna taste like ?'thenafter speaking with the friendly employee there he recommended to me the THE TANDOORI         ** their recommendation was simply amazing** THE TANDOORI  wow  Do yourself a favor check this place out, I know I will, I cant wait to get back and try some of the other pies.  I know who im calling to deliver to any one of my game/fight nights. Hey Pan Pizzeria guys do the LA & San Fernando valley a favor and open more locations,Thanks !
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/27/2014,1697,541,9,14,11>SouperIf I could, I would bathe in that broth.  Yeah, it was that good. AND, my 9 year old agreed.  Per my friend Michael S., I ordered my soup strong, medium oil, and medium noodles. I added pork, egg and spicy miso.  Will skip the egg next time, it didn't really add much.  Service was very friendly, but not all of them spoke good English.  The soup is cheap, but it is all the add ons that run up the bill.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,3/26/2014,271,146,10,15,14>I've been here a few times and every time it's been delicious. The service is always nice, quick and friendly and the food is always fresh, warm and tasty. Sometimes you get that pasta from places where it's over cooked or it's not warm enough and I hate that, but not here, everything is just right. Now don't quote me on this but I believe Isabelle is the owner and she has two kids, one being Carolina and the other Thomas. The restaurant is named after the daughter and both Thomas and Isabella have dishes named after them, the "Tagliatelle alla Thomas" and the "Isabella". I thought that was pretty cool when she was giving us a little history and I will definitely be back to try those dishes out. My favorite dish is the "Rigatoni alla Buttera" - Tube pasta with pork sausage, onion, mushrooms, pink sauce and some extra parmesan cheese sprinkled on top. My girl actually got the "Tagliatelle alla Thomas" - Flat pasta with homemade organic chicken meatballs and switched the marinara sauce with pink sauce.Another bonus about this spot is the corkage fee is only $3 so we brought in our own bottle of wine. So make sure you take advantage of that. OOOOO5 out of 5 Afros
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,3/25/2014,561,853,17,22,19>Now here is a situation where 4.5 stars overall rating is quite representative of a place (I didn't have that experience elsewhere yesterday).  But I digress.  I was going to walk into a sub shop during my lunch break today, but instead, decided to give this place a try..... and yes, I checked them out on Yelp BEFORE walking in.  I don't usually dismiss a 4.5 star rating......would you? I must say, it was terrific.  I agree with others in terms of the lackluster décor, almost run down a bit, but I overlooked that long enough to place my order and eat my food.  I can't say I'm normally a huge fan of Persian food...... only because they don't have much in the way of sauces, and I have often found their food is too dry for my palate, but I figured I'd give Bibi Sara a try.  Well, WOW !!  I ordered one of their lunch specials....the boneless chicken kabob was flavorful, ultra succulent and moist.  The saffron rice was even more flavorful, moist and ultra fluffy.  Imagine..... MOIST rice !!!  That almost never happens.  It was delicious.  Even their salad, just your basic lettuce, tomato, carrots and cucumber, was really fresh.  They served the salad with a very light lemon dressing.  I actually asked for more, so I could use it on the chicken and rice.....not sure it was intended for that, but being the creature of habit, I needed to have some kind of sauce, but I promise you that it really didn't need it.  It was THAT good.If you get caught up on ambience and décor, you won't like this place.  If you're interested in some really good quality, delicious Persian food, then you will want to find your way here.  It's that simple.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,3/24/2014,164,176,10,21,14>Walking through this area rather than driving is such a better option. You can easily find accessible parking not too far away and avoid the ridiculous traffic. It's just a few miles to bear so it's a very reasonable walk and nothing too tiresome. There are some decent decorations that are worth seeing up close, some you can even walk right into (sleighs, makeshift pirate ship) and take your picture with. I didn't grow up in the West Valley, nor did I ever visit Candy Cane Lane as a kid so I can't attest to how much better it used to be, but I do believe my fiance when he says so because he's one of the many people who feels the quality and the quantity of the decorations have gone downhill and some are outdated because he's seen the same thing so many times already. Honestly though, where else in the valley can you walk/drive through and find an array of homes decorated so grandiosely? Quite frankly, these days, or this past decade, how often do you ever find anyone on your street decorating for the holidays like they used to? There are food trucks, people selling light sticks and apparently others that pass out hot chocolate, though I didn't experience that. Take it for what it is people and don't be so expectant of something you don't see all too commonly. It's completely free, many homes decorate, some don't, and several go all out. Your kids will likely get a kick out of it and so will you.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,3/23/2014,235,206,16,18,17>No footsies please!I have a little dog and well... I just can't get him to take his shoes off when he runs in & out my place. Truth be told, a dirty carpet can and will happen. I was totally dreading this because I just didn't think I had the patience to hang out for such a long period, but it all happened so fast and I never felt like my place was out of commission. Making an appointment was easy, Eric was very punctual and extremely efficient. He used a steam cleaner and it was pretty cool to watch how it works, it looked fun! I could see the contrast immediately (kinda gross, but true)! I didn't have to leave, he did every corner and then placed these little plastic shoes on my furniture to prevent wet areas and walking mats. It's been two weeks and the place still looks spotless, no funky stains left behind (get your mind our of the gutter).
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,3/22/2014,376,70,21,29,24>Uh, whoa... I don't even like Mexican inspired food all that much but DAMN, this place is FANTASTIC. Got my heart switchin up on me!Sorry, hostess called it "seafood-centric baja inspired food" yeah yeah, whatever.Ordered from the happy hour menu:Sophia - 4/5 Fabulous take on a "perfect margarita", great flavor, not skimpy on the alcohol.The Claremont - 5/5 Super delicious cucumber infused vodka drink. You know the drinks are good when a person who only drinks sweet frou frou drinks and a person who likes their drinks strong and not to sweet can BOTH agree that the place has great drinks..Duck Mole Quesadilla - 5/5 WHOA, I don't like mole, but I could get used to this kind of mole! mmmm and oaxacan cheese. I never want to eat another quesadilla ever again. This one puts them all to shame! SOOO good. Served with a side of guac & beans YUMMMMLamb Nachos- Only the most tender lamb I've ever had... With a rocoto crema sauce. Dude, I could eat the sauce as a side dish, it's so flippin' good. My friend who hates beans ate half the nachos anyway because they were so good!! Then off the regular menu:Yellowfin Tuna - omg. Raw yellowfin, served in what they call a habanero aoli served on top of what may be the best restaurant guacamole I've had in a long time. Duuuuuude, it's hard to pick a favorite out of all of the dishes, but considering we couldn't shut up about how delicious this one was the ENTIRE time we were there, I'm going to have to say this dish takes the cake. And what was it served with? Some kind of magically delicious chips! Plantains? I don't really know, all I know is the seasoning on the chips was to die for. And the kale? My veggie hating friend made sure to eat that all up.I can't wait to go back and try more food. As for the service, the waitress was a tad slow, BUT super friendly and nice and helpful. & the chef brought out each dish and made sure to tell us what we were eating. This was an awesome touch. GO TRY THIS PLACE. NOW.Actually, between the hours of 5-7 cause that's happy hour and why wouldn't you want to go during happy hour?
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/21/2014,397,211,13,22,22>Pono Burger's menu offers grass-fed beef, organic, and local, farm fresh ingredients. The decor is simple as they use burlap table cloth in their patio and have cloth soil pockets filled with growing basil.  You can't miss the dining area inside the historic Quonset hut from WWII era.  Their service is friendly, helpful, and reasonably timely--doable for the lunch hour.The real star here is the cuisine. If you check in on yelp, do take advantage of the free organic lemonade. They recommend their medium rare, but I prefer any ground beef medium well. Their burgers are a decent size, but not too large, but filling. My first visit I tried the posh burger... so delicious.  It is layered with fresh arugula, creamy bleu cheese, truffle oil and mushrooms. On my last visit, I tried the classic build your own burger with their cheddar cheese, the Pono version of the Thousand Island dressing, and this time I went with the organic turkey patty. I have to tell you I didn't miss the beef either.  On both occasions I tried their hand cut russet fries with sea salt, thyme and parsley, but there is only enough for two.  If you are a fry person, I recommend getting your own serving, you will definitely finish it. I tried the sweet potato fries on my first visit for a tasty and healthier option. I am dying to try their salted caramel ice cream shake with bacon bits, that's a meal in itself and will have to go their when I just want dessert.  I went to Pono Burger on my lunch breaks from work so I had to forego trying the wine and hand crafted beers.  They also have specialty non-alcoholic beverages as organic colas and more.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,3/20/2014,400,155,18,25,23>Old fashioned Steak House.  Seems to be a gathering place after lunch hours with a friendly bar.Server, Jane was very thoughtful, helpful and attentive.  Offered good suggestions of ways I could have delicious meal while keeping it low carb today (OK yeah I probably have to eat this way for quite a few days to undo some of the holiday damage!)Prime Rib was as good as I've had anywhere!   Cooked a perfect medium rare, thick cut, pink all the way through, very tender, juicy and flavourful. Au jus on the side was so good I could have had it as soup!  Creamed horseradish was very smooth texture , creamy with a sharp edge to it.Fresh steamed vegetables were also cooked perfectly crisp tender.  At lunch you have option of baked potato or veggies.  Soup or salad is also included--Jane reminded me that their soup today had pasta in it so it was a crisp fresh salad for me this time.Bread was packed to go at my request so I can have it on another day when it's safe for me to eat carbs.Very good food quality and service-- the environment is dark as you might expect, so don't plan on bringing any reading here or catching up on any paperwork.  You can barely read the menu.Lunch only goes til 3pm then dinner service begins a few hours later.  Of course the bar remains open and busy.  Not overly loud clientele.  If I was any more relaxed I might be taking a nap!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,3/19/2014,169,19,4,72,70>Really lovely service, from my calling to postpone two times and that not being a problem at all, to the welcome and the relaxation chair before the service. My son loved the cookies btw. Thanks so much for making it a smooth and pleasant experience. Will return.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,3/15/2014,750,550,20,27,20>I had a bday dinner here a while back with mi Amiga.  It's in a pretty remote area...and the place kinda looks like a deli that's about to close down. There is literally a room with a table...and a fridge.  And the sushi bar.  While there isn't exactly an ambiance to review, the food made up for it.  Although I don't know if I'm that comfortable with the overall service of the place.  (Brisk Asian lady who ain't got time for u) But the food was so good I can't even hate on them...seriously.  What's hilarious is what I usually hate at most places was probably my favorite which is that dynamite thing at sushi places.  It's usually just globs of mayo based sauce that makes me gag, but theirs was so good I wanted to put more rice in the sauce and eat it.I also really liked the waygu beef sushi, it melted down my mouth like a freaking big stick Popsicle.  Overall darn good meal.  Good times.  Now if this place could only get a better space, and some table and chairs...now that would be good.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,3/14/2014,1263,227,17,25,24>This is my favorite beach in Los Angeles! I'm talking about the south side of Point Dume. The area where there is hardly any parking and between the two corners. It's so clean and beautiful here. I'm told you see a lot of sea lions here. Unfortunately, I did see one but it was dead :( The hiking trail is very elementary and short so don't expect too much of a hike but at the top you have some very beautiful views of the area.I just wish this beach wasn't so far up the PCH but then again it makes it that much more special.Love this place.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,3/13/2014,5000,1442,25,48,31>3409 Overland.  The Doughroom.  Opening night.  July 11, 2013.  Excited.  Nervous.  The first date of what's sure to be a casual yet serious affair between foodie and small and rustic Italian gastropub has been building with great anticipation.  The newest addition to the Palms area has all the lookies driving by for weeks ooing and ahhing, and aching to see it, and try it.  If only the complete overhaul of the space could go more quickly with contractors, the long lines at Home Depot, and permit approvals (ugh, it's a lot of work and sawdust).  For the owner, managers, servers, bartenders, hostesses, and staff -- it has to be perfect with their "A" game when the doors open.  Rustic, brick, and beautiful wood tables and benches.  It's warm, comfortable, and casual dining.  The new bar suits me fine, plus another 7 or 8 peeps.  Two flat screens are large enough to boooo the opposing team, but small enough not to distract others who don't give a hoot.  I really like the painted letters of the name on the building front, but a few things still to arrive and get installed for the final touches: the new street sign, and chalkboards for featured items served.The menu, however, is the best feature and talking point.  It's so NOT the usual and typical fare!  A combination of Italian northern, southern, and creative nuovo had my eyes going wild over the menu while searching for my napkin to absorb drool off of my shirt.  A country ham steak, shrimp & bacon polenta, corned beef gnocchi hash, pastrami of duck, and eggplant lasagnette are an example of "Never had that before, but now I must.", along with a whole set of "I need and I want": pizzas, salads, fish, and steak.  Not too much (25 or so items), but not in one sitting either.An ample selection of draft brews, wines by the glass & bottles = a whole lotta reasons to stop by on your way home from the office, bring a date, meet friends, or be a lone piggy over and over (hey, that's me!).  The intention of the menu is to keep it seasonal, and rotating to keep things fresh, vibrant, and interesting for chef and customer alike.APPETIZERS1.  Meatballs ($6) - smokey, tender, fresh, in a beautiful tomato sauce and made the right way with the 3-meat trinity (pork, beef, veal). Also served as an entree with spaghetti, these are very, very worthy.  An Italian restaurant can fail without a good sauce as a base, and I found it to be one of the best I've had in a long time.  Hard not to lick the plate.2.  Deviled Eggs ($5) - topped with fried mortadella, and bread & butter pickles...these are beyond.  Get a room, geez.PIZZA3.  Clam, Bacon, and Potato Pizza ($13, 9") - housemade chunky bacon, clams with the shell, potato, slivered caramelized onion on olive oil / white pizza.  I liked the thin, hand-tossed crust.  Different - yes.  Daring - perhaps.  Delicious - oh baby.DRINKS4.  Allagash White ($7) and Weihenstephaner Hef ($7) are 2 of my all-time favs.  Order both - yes.PEOPLEStill in the family, so much experience was gained under the former name, Kristina's Pizza.   This time around, The Doughroom is very different in a great way.  They've hired wonderful and warm people, attentive, and efficient.  While this is all new, the experienced management team was so evident with a well-trained and prepared crew.  No one had that stressed-out sweaty manner.  It was smiles and calm, cool, and collected helping to create a relaxed atmosphere with good energy.  This, my friends, is my favorite kind.BERGER COMMENTARYI was ultra excited to see a new place in the area (along with the opening of Phorage this week), and I'm so amped about many casual and delicious experiences here in the future.  For me personally, I live a block away from The Doughroom...but I'm wondering if I move a foot closer each day, perhaps no one will notice me eventually sleeping on the bench inside and moving in.  Congrats to Kaveh, the owner, and all the family and staff...may you experience much success and enjoy the process.Tips:1.  Limited free lot parking, but plenty on the street.2.  Hours vary each day, but closed on Tuesday.3.  Newly added are lunch M/W-F, and Brunch both Sat and Sun.  Closed Tuesdays.-- 9/11 - Tried out the special and newly added Palms Burger.  Essentially, it's a pastrami burger, with braised red cabbage on an unreal sesame brioche bun.  11 napkins later and a $11 less in my wallet, I give it 2 thumbs up.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,3/12/2014,1251,116,38,49,43>This place isn't the best boba joint of all SoCal, but in my opinion, it's good in the Southbay only. This Honeyboba opened a year ago and when I first tried it, I was not impressed. I think mainly because their bobas were way too hard and not sweet. The whole purpose of coming here was to have some sweet honey bobas right? I'm glad I gave it a second chance because I come here often now. They have definitely improved over the months. The bobas are usually sweet and deliciously chewy nowadays! I usually like to get their smoothies and milk teas. Most of their milk teas are $3.29. Smoothies at $3.79 without the bobas. TO UPGRADE your drink to a large is an additional $0.49. For toppings, it's an additional $0.49. Here are the toppings they offer: -Honey Boba-Egg Pudding-Taro Pudding-Red bean -Aloe vera--Coffee Jelly, Lychee Jelly, Grass Jelly, Rainbow Jelly You can also customize your drinks based on their sweetness scale. You can either get extra, regular, less, half quarter or no sweet. I usually get half or regular depending on my disobedient sweet tooth. I always like to get it in large with bobas. So one drink is usually around $5. If you've been to "Half & Half"in Rowland Heights then you will notice that they have one thing in common...that is their cups. It's not your typical skinny tall cups. They both have shorter and wider cups. This could be an issue for some people who doesn't have the right cup holders in their car. Half & Half is very good as well! Only if we had one of them in the South Bay....sigh..Honeyboba also have 3 sisters that live in Arcadia, Rosemead and Gardena. The one in Gardena was suppose to be opened by July, 2013 but she's been such a tease that she's making everyone wait! On my last trip here, it is confirmed that Gardena will open on Oct, 18 2013. ABOUT TIME! Don't forget to get a Honeyboba card! You get a free drink after 10 stamps. The value of the free drink is only $3.29.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,3/11/2014,1712,1003,34,40,37>Mac and Cheese in my burger!Yep that's on the menu and you can customize almost everything on the menu here just to your liking. Toughie for people who have trouble making decisions, cuz you WILL have to decide on quite a few things from the type of bun, to several different toppings, OR you can take the easy route and just pick one of their suggestions, like the Mac and Cheese burger we got. We just left it as it comes-  on a brioche bun, tomato, heap of mac and cheese, burger patty, onions and BACON. -sounded perfect to me!Got a size salad for a couple of bucks (cheaper salad is listed under sides, not salads)with Walnut Cranberry dressing.Got Half and half order of onion strings and sweet potato fries. Choose Butternut Squash dip and garlic aoili dip. Got it to go- ordered on their nifty ipad TOGO order, got my receipt from the hostess, went shopping a bit and picked up my order without any hassels. Total was about $23. Not bad as it was plenty of food.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,3/10/2014,174,118,9,16,11>Listed in the recent Los Angeles Magazine as one of the top ways to save money while living in Los Angeles!  Super King seems to be growing pretty strong with new locations popping up.  This is one of the newest stores that I have been to, located in a nice shopping plaza near the mall.  The "Super" part of this place really has to do with their produce section.  The prices for the fruits and veggies are just amazing, and makes you realize how much of a mark up the big chain stores have.  With summer quickly approaching you are going to want to stop by and stock up on all the amazing fresh, in season fruits that you can't get the rest of the year without breaking the bank.  The parking is much better here than the one off the 2 freeway near Glendale.  You might have to walk a little bit at the busy times, but I have never had an issue getting a spot.  Don't be deterred if the place appears to be a mad house at times, the great deals are not a super secret, so there are plenty of people coming here to take advantage.  This is one of those places where it is perfectly fine to park your cart somewhere in the produce section, and then make a series of product runs to get what you need and bring back to the cart, which is much easier than trying to navigate the cart through the craziness.Tip:  Not long ago they had a Groupon for $10 for $20 worth of groceries.  Keep an eye out, they might do it again!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/9/2014,966,196,19,22,22>Plenty of well-lit up free parking here! My friend and I decided to use the Metro transportation for the first time to get to LA for a NYE party. It was confusing to figure out which line to use with the special NYE changes and fine print notations. All it took was a simple phone call with practically no wait time!! Just give them the address to both points and the approximate time of destination for which ever date you decide to go and they'll tell you everything you need to know!! We took the Silverline both ways. The bus was well-lit and fairly clean, at least the ones we got on. They had a special NYE deal, free ride between 9pm to 2am. It's $2.45 one way to ride the Silverline. I believe it's only $1.50 to ride the other buses. You don't need a tap card for the bus. When we got to the transit center, there was a large map that told us which number to stand at for the Silverline (6).It was such an easy ride, no stress of bumper to bumper traffic, I'm considering using the public transportation more often! I believe they run every 6 to 10 mins during certain hours, then every 20 to 25 mins, then every 30 mins to one hour as it gets later in the evening. They also break down their schedule by weekdays, saturday, and sunday/holiday. Here's their website for more info: metro.net
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,3/8/2014,232,243,11,18,12>Daaaaang! Four stars for their crispy chicken sandwich!!!The hubby and I stopped in for a quick lunch and luckily, there was no wait! We were promptly whisked inside and seated in one of their cozy booths! After perusing the menu, we opted for two orders of Ding's Crispy Chicken Sandwich! I chose to get mine sans the vinaigrette slaw and the hubby got his as is.. and wowzers- this was pretty darn good fried chicken!! Now this isnt traditional fried chicken by any means, its prepared as thin slices of breaded chicken goodness with a spicy bread seasoning all topped under a sweet buttery bun! And this chicken was fried to perfection! Couple this with a side of their hand-cut fries and you've got yourself a scrumptious meal! This is a great little spot! You should definitely try this dish out!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,3/7/2014,594,225,30,30,28>The A to Zs of PizzaRevArtisan pizza "Best New Restaurant 2013" Award winner by LA Daily NewsCoca Cola Freestyle Machine.  Try all 127 flavors!Dough is homemadeEleven meat options; sixteen veggie optionsFast lines due to industrial ovenGluten free dough!!  Yay, I can eat pizza again!Hot, hot, hot.  These babies are fresh outta the oven!Individual size portionsJalapenos, pepperoncinis and red pepper flakes are here if you like it SPICYKid Meals...baby pizzas so cute you might cryLow-fat mozzarella...for weight conscious pizza eatersMake your own pizza.  Customize it however you want.Nine locations and growing"Our Way Pizzas", in case you're too lazy to customize your pizzaPizza...as if P could have stood for anything elseQuality ingredientsRicotta!!  Now your pizza's like an open-faced calzone!Salads...kinda like a cold carb free pizzaThin and crispy crustUnlimited toppingsVegan cheese for lactose intoleranceWay tastier than going to McD's for lunchX..I can't think of anything that starts with X.  :(You are guaranteed to want to come backZzzz...is what you'll do after you finish a whole pizza
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,3/6/2014,719,388,16,22,17>When all you really want is a quality, no-nonsense, big ole hoagie, Submariner is THE place to go.In a city that struggles to fashion a decent Philly Cheesesteak, Submariner is a welcome deviation from the norm. They make a great hoagie and they've been doing so for decades. - GREAT PHILLY CHEESESTEAK!- Great burger selection (including a Western Bacon Cheeseburger)- Teriyaki Bowls (I've yet to try these, but a cool option)- Made-to-order Pizza- Hoagies-r-usMy only real complaint is that the fries I got were downright awful. They would have been better utilized as packing peanuts. The fries were so bad that even seasoning salt couldn't save them. :( Otherwise, everything I've ordered here has been fantastic. Let's face it: It's a bit of a greasy spoon. Don't come in here looking for a tofu hoagie with sprouts and avocado... Don't be that person. But if you want a big, fat grinder to sink your teeth into, or a mouth-watering burger to cram into your facehole, consider Submariner. **Best Philly Cheesesteak of 2013, thus far.**
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/5/2014,312,92,12,16,13>Ahhhh the lobster bisque. I want to go back to this place just for the bisque. They serve it with a flakey puff pastry that falls neatly on the bisque. It's soooo yummy, my mouth is watering as I am writing this.The boyfwend and I ordered oysters on the half-shell, white sea bass, and a molten chocolate cake. The oysters were awesome, the sea bass came with deliciously sauteed string beans and potato romanos. It was all very tasty! I wouldn't recommend the chocolate cake though, the portion wasn't really worth $7, I rather sit at home with a brownies and Haagen Daz. Overview:Party of 2Ambiance: Nautically pleasantCustomer Service: 4.5/5Dishes: lobster bisque, oysters on the half shell, white sea bass, molten chocolate cakeTotal: $54
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,3/4/2014,280,346,8,14,11>I think I found  my new favorite diner! This place has been in business for over 30 years! And it is obvious why - they have great food! Great staff! did I mention great food!?!? We came in around 9:30am on a Monday holiday and it wasn't too packed. The counter is great to sit at and there are also tables for families or larger groups. The entire dinning area is set up wonderfully. Warm wood panels and rustic cabin lighting surround the place and make it homey and relaxing. The staff was genuinely excited to be at work. Everyone had a smile on their face and even knew the history of the spot. Our waitress, Tanya, was lovely! She did a fantastic job and was great at checking up on us! :) Thanks Tanya! :) Now the food!They have this AMAZING Vitality Juice (beets, carrots, apples, and ginger)!! Best way to start your day. It was just the right start to our meal. The coffee here is some of the best diner coffee I have had. Not super strong and smooth.Chili Omelet Supreme is fantastic! The eggs are fluffy and soft. The chili is soo yummy and they thrown the perfect avocado on top to make the experience even better!The french toast was good. It might have been that I had already eaten too much to really enjoy it but I thought it was a bit on the dry side. It won't stop me from ordering it again though!Go here - you will love it!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,3/3/2014,153,162,14,13,10>1. Mondays are chocolate grinding day! They grind roasted chocolate nibs once a week, btwn 11am to 6p. I hear it smells wonderful during grinding!!  2. You can choose between tasting menu (in bar form) or drinkable chocolate. Both menus are customizable, btwn 65% to 100% pure chocolate.  For me, chocolates were a bit gritty, but I imagine it's from keeping the grinds simple with no milk added.3. Everything in the store is vegan & gluten-free & organic. 4. All customers I saw coming in were girls, or group of girls. I imagine most of these girls are single/recently broken up/or PMS'ing... Lol.  Single guys, if u want to pick up on single girls, I bet this is a great place!! ;) Also great place for dates :)
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,3/2/2014,1939,571,10,15,14>If you're exploring MB, save room for dessert and head to the Creamery!  We stopped by after dinner nearby and grabbed a couple sweet treats.  After much debate, I had the Goat Cheese Cherry Almond Basil ice cream (yes, that's a mouthful in more than one way).  It was such an incredibly unique flavor that I had to try it; the creamy, tangy flavor of goat cheese worked so well with the bright flavors of cherry and basil.  An unexpected combination, but it worked!  The bf got a frozen chocolate-dipped banana which was enjoyable, and we also grabbed a piece of chocolate-covered bacon and a sea salt caramel dipped in chocolate for sharing later.  Nothing is very cheap here, but everything we tried was excellent.  The shop itself is quite cute, but it became hard to move among the racks and such as the place filled up with other people looking for a sweet fix.  I would love to go back and try other unusual ice cream flavors.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,3/1/2014,425,389,14,23,19>1. Michael Jackson was my first love.2. I missed the opportunity to experience silent disco at coachella this year. *update: coachella silent disco SUCKED*When my boyfriend heard about this event he knew it was for me. ::History::Silent frisco came from San Francisco. They have this event often up north. The one I attended was the last one this year. Hope they come back next year. :: what's silent frisco?::They have djs spinning at the event but you could only hear them through headphones. They had two djs side by side(one in a room lit in blue and the other in green)  above the dance floor and you got two channels to listen to. People knew which one you were listening to when your headphone was lit either blue or green. ;;LOVE::- everything! one of the most unique things I've experienced. - Michael Jackson vs Prince themed. - people watching: if you take your headphones off you could hear everyone sing a long or mumble to songs such as, Thriller, PYT, kiss, etc. - the clean/brand new headphones- no need to scream over the music to talk:: What could have made it better ::- the venue: no special cocktails, bar took forever because people were under staffed- long ass bathroom line, got to stand in line with my headphones on with the volume up. - they need more space to dance. The first 2 hours they didn't open the back room. :: Tip::- Get the presale tickets online! They run out of headphones if you get them at the door. Luckily I managed to get one for my sister who joined us last minute. - don't wear earrings cuz it ll hurt when you put them on.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,2/28/2014,338,875,17,25,21>This was the perfect venue in which to host a small corporate team-building event! Our group of about 12 got to mince, sautee, whip, and chop for a couple of hours and ultimately take credit for a meal which was probably only pulled off due to the stellar staff at Chef Eric's Culinary Classroom.This event came at the mid-point of a long week of training and was a welcome diversion for all in our group. We got to relax, drink a bunch of wine, and listen to Chef Eric talk about the dishes, methods of preparation, and tips and tricks for getting the result you want. It was highly engaging, although due to the size of our group, none of us did more than 2 or 3 things - which resulted in the perfect ratio between cooking, drinking wine, and chatting with our fellow group members.Eric and Jennie run a standout operation and I'd love to go back for another class soon!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,2/27/2014,777,268,18,29,23>UPDATE:This was my third visit here.  Came today to see the Spy Exhibit, but also enjoyed all the improvements to the Library and museum.  This is an excellent day trip and is one of the nicest museums in the SoCal area next to the new Getty Center in quality and beauty.  The outside is perfectly manicured and offers 360 degree breathtaking mountain top views of the surrounding Moorpark, Simi Valley, and Thousand Oaks areas.   This is a well run operation and the docents are very helpful and maintain order very professionally.  The highlights of this trip were Air Force One, Marine One and the Spy exhibit to include all the interactive exhibits.  They even have a laser maze to negotiate as well.  Prices Online from their website are as follows:  But buy in advance Online and use Promo Code "VC Library" to get $3 off each ticket.General Admission:  $21.00Senior Admission (62+):  $18.00Youth Admission (11-17):  $15.00Child Admission (3-10):  $6.00 (children 2 and under are free)GuideCam Rental:  $7.00Active Military:  Free with valid Military ID - Active military do NOT need to reserve tickets online, all walk-ups will receive Museum entry (please have all guests pre-purchase their tickets)Next time I will eat at the cafe.  There is also a beer garden and a counter cafeteria where you can eat directly underneath Air Force One.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/26/2014,166,361,11,13,11>At first, we got off on the wrong foot in that they're already adopting a snooty "we don't need you" attitude at the door even though they just barely opened.  No warm welcome until you're actually past the door.  Can't say I love this approach.Once you're seated, the demeanor changes and you can party.  As another reviewer noted, it is noisy in here.  Lots of hard surfaces for sound to get amplified, so this isn't a place of sweet whispered nothings.  Instead, get all comfy with your neighbors because they pack those tables in.  But it's ok.  You always wanted to meet new peeps, remember?Quick, spartan breakdown on the food:* Gyoza sticks to your teeth--skip* soft shell crab is plump and juicy--definitely get* regular fried chicken is a little boring--skip* curry fried chicken is crispy and flavorful--get some* garlic shrimp comes in a buttery sauce that you can dump in your ramen if you're a meddler like me and, trust me, its very tasty* half a bowl of ramen will probably be a plenty and my combo of strong broth and hard noodles was full-bodied and bold--very good combinationLooking forward to exploring the Sawtelle Corridor we just invaded with our big move-in and if this is a sign of things to come, well then, we're kinda hungry!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,2/25/2014,100,351,6,25,11>Super easy way to get from the westside to downtown and avoid traffic and expensive parking!I live on the westside, which basically means you are consigned to going places by car. Although I use public transit in other cities, it's rarely made any sense for me in LA as the limited options are often out of the way and time consuming for what I was looking to do.Enter the Expo line...My first experience was for USC's home opener in September 2012. Instead of battling traffic to the Coliseum and trying to find pricey parking, the university was promoting the (then newly opened) Expo line. My friend and I went to the Culver City station to find a large, well-lit parking lot with FREE parking. $1.50 each way and we were dropped off right off campus in about 20 minutes. In the last month, I've taken the expo line three times!1) Going to a concert at the Shrine... met a friend in Culver City for dinner, and then we hopped the Expo line and were dropped off about 2 blocks from the Shrine. $3 round trip and no need to deal with parking, or competing with traffic for other events downtown including Pink's concert.2) LA Rock n Roll Half Marathon... I decided to stay downtown the night before the race, so a friend dropped me off at Culver City so I could skip the pricey downtown over night parking... $1.50 each way and no worries on the car. EASY!3) Today, I had to run to USC to take care of something... instead of dealing with afternoon traffic, and parking on or near campus ($10 day pass... some limited meters if you can find one), I took the Expo line and was able to get dropped off right next to campus. Way easier.If I worked downtown, I would definitely consider this as an option for commuting. Trains typically run every 12 minutes, more at peak times and once every 20 minutes at off peak times.Trains are kept clean and I've seen folks clearing and cleaning the trains as it hits each end of the route (7th Street Metro and Culver City).TAP system is not totally intuitive and the fare structure is not clear other than a standard one-way (one line) ride. On transit systems in other cities, you can usually transfer lines inside of one trip for free... it seems Metro charges you for each rail line you ride, even if you connect.Keep your TAP card with you and handy. They have transit enforcers on both trains and at the stations. My friend gave me her spent card and was ticketed after we parted because she couldn't prove she'd paid her fare (she doesn't live in LA and thought I could reuse the card... was able to mail it to her so she could appeal). I've also seen people stop folks as they get off trains and check their cards with a small handheld device--don't try and skip the system!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,2/24/2014,196,345,8,11,12>I had a good experience at Hennessey's, but I think it was the interaction with the bartender. I walked in on a Friday afternoon for a drinky and a snack. The restaurant had a handful of people dining, but I opted for the bar area. I was greated when I walked in and when I sat down at the bar. I ordered my drink, a beer, and my cousin ordered a rum and coke. The bartender was pouing heavy, and he was super nice and was good eye candy. We ordered the BLT and split it, it was OK, nothing out of this world, it came with chips not fries. I think I'd come back for a drink, but not so much for the food.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,2/23/2014,738,203,10,20,18>Did anyone say katsu?!? Wait.. 25 layers of pork loin?! I'm soooo there!I really liked the open space and modern decor in the restaurant. You have a few booths all around the restaurant and there are 2-4 seater tables in the center of the restaurant. There is a bar set up with no alcohol yet but I could imagine it having sake and other beers available once they have the liquor license. I definitely wanted to check out this place when I heard about Kimukatsu's multi-layered deep fried pork cutlet in Culver City. The crispy Katsu creation will also make its debut in Sawtelle very soon. Keep in mind, they don't  have their liquor license yet but they do plan to get it in a few weeks.. yay to beer! Interesting flavors come into play with the pork cutlets.. you got cheese, you got black pepper, you got garlic , you got demi-glace cheese, you got ume-shiso, and much more!! Since it was my first time there, I decided to get the Original.. cause I like to keep it OG and judge the cutlets on it's own and so far I'm a fan. The waiter did say that the cutlets were going to take about 20 minutes to make and the rice they came with it takes about 15 minutes to cook because they make everything fresh. The rice was very good.. nice japanese sticky rice inside the traditional japanese wooden rice tub and the meal also came with a side of the shredded lettuce which you eat with the katsu to give it a fresh taste when you eat the fried cutlet. I used the salad dressing at the table and dipped the lettuce with it as I ate the meat almost like how you would eat kbbq when they serve lettuce as part of your meal. Though the meat could be jucier but you could definitely taste the multi-layers in the cutlet which gives it a fluffy denser type of texture. I really like the crunchy panko crust and how they cut it into small pieces for you. They have 2 differ dips for the katsu which is this ponzu sauce and dark soy sauce which both are delish but I do prefer the traditional dark soy with my cutlet. Fried chicken- Small nuggets like chicken karage which were delish and moist just how I want my fried chicken. It was only accompanied with a slice of lemon but I did feel like it needed to have some sauce with it like some ponzu sauce which I ended up using the salad dressing to dip the fried chicken cause it was alittle bland if you like your fried chicken salty. Fries with shiso- Crispy salty frieds with dried seaweed on top with a side of ketchup. Not amazing or super creative but it was good. My most favorite part of the meal was definitely the dessert. Shingen Ice- Vanilla Ice cream with soybean powder and brown sugar cane syrup.. as what my friend said, its like an "orgaaaasm" in the mouth... eh mah gah.. so good and so satisfying to a lovely meal. I definitely want to try their black sesame pudding cause that sounded good too but the vanilla ice cream had this thick consistency and with the soybean powder which is somewhat bland and bitter and the brown sugar cane syrup that had the rich malty sweet carmelized taste to it, the combination is great!Overall, a good meal.. I would give it more of a 3.5 stars if I could but the servers were really great and attentive and allowed us to get multiple refills on the miso soup! Hollaaa! So yea.. that made the experience round up to a 4 instead. I look forward to visiting the Sawtelle location when it opens!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,2/22/2014,1437,1829,14,18,16>Ramen Yamadaya in Culver City and Ramen Yamadaya in Torrance... BIG difference.The one in Culver City is bigger.  The one is Torrance is pretty small with about three tables seating four and..six tables seating two.  This Ramen Yamadaya is way way better than the one in Culver City.My friends and I came here for lunch last week and since there were seven of us, we were separated into three different tables. I sat with the last group so I was left drooling over what my friends were eating.  And I had a lot of time to think about what I would order. Everything here is pretty good, but this time I ordered the pork belly ramen. When my bowl came out, there was a nice sized slab of pork belly in my bowl.  In addition to that, they give you all the garlic you want to press into your garlic.  I smashed in a couple of fresh cloves.  It was great.  While you couldn't taste the garlic too much while you were eating the ramen, you could really tasted it after you're done eating.  Phew! The whole car smelled like garlic when we drove back to work!The service at Ramen Yamadaya is pretty good.  The waitresses work all the tables, vs. one waitress to your table.  This place is great!  I'll be back!Parking: They have a small lot shared with a few other stores as well as another lot further going away from McDonalds.  And, there is also street parking for this place.Also, they take togo orders.  I saw some people coming in to place an order for takeout.  And, this place is cash only, but if you forget there is an ATM in one of the stores next door to Ramen Yamadaya.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/21/2014,234,238,17,34,29>Cork'er is a great new Irish Pub style eatery in Redondo Beach, near the Galleria Mall. They opened for business three weeks ago, but they are still developing their identity and not all the fixtures are complete. I really had a great experience and am very excited to have Cork'er in the neighborhood. My high rating is based on the friendliness of the owner and staff. I think they will have great potential, once they get everything on track.Cork'er is located inside the "Mysterious Galaxy Bookstore" on Artesia Blvd. between Inglewood and Hawthorne Blvd. They took over the former space of Catalina Coffee Co. The front third of the building is taken by Cork'er and the back two thirds is occupied by the Mysterious Galaxy Bookstore. As you walk in, the cash register and bar is on the left side with booth seating against the right side wall and long wooden communal tables and benches in the middle area. There is also a wide walkway through the middle of Cork'er that leads into the bookstore. When the bookstore closes, they separate the restaurant and the bookstore with a sliding glass door. They currently serve only bottled beer and wine, but will be soon be expanding the bar to accommodate beer taps for draft beers. They are set up for "Fast Casual" food service, where you order at the counter and when ready, they bring out the food to your table. They also have a complete selection of coffee and espresso drinks. Cork'er is open for breakfast from 7:00am and operate into the evening until 10:00pm. They have a large private parking lot that they share with the bookstore. The bookstore is only open until 6:00pm so Cork'er has the parking lot all to themselves for most of the evening.Cork'er has a mostly "comfort food" menu that is listed on large chalkboards above and behind the counter. Their offerings are:Bricfeasta:Benedict D' Cork - $7.75Celtic Waffle w/Bacon Jam $4.00Celtic Waffle sandwich with eggs and sausage $9.00Breakfast Burrito $6.75/$9.00Baked Boxty (Irish Potato Pancake) $5.00Steel Cut Oats $6.00Basque Biscuits $5.50Irish Breakfast $9.00Irish Soda Bread Pudding Toast $5.00Lon:T. McReuben $8.00Cider Brined Chicken $10.00Spicy Pulled Pork $7.25Bangin' Bangers $8.00Pub Pastries $4.00Corker Greens $11.75Wilted Spinach Salad $13.00Bacon Wedge $9.00Irish Soda Bread Salad $9.75Dinnear:Cottage Pie (Beef) $9.75Shepherd's Pie (Lamb) $10.75Roasted Pork Loin $11.75Lamb Poutine $12.00Bangers & Boxty $8.75Pigs in a Pie $9.75Corned Beef & Cabbage $11.75Fresh Soup Daily - Ask serverWe were a party of three and we came in for an early lunch at 11:30. We met Larry, who is the owner. He took our order and was very helpful in explaining the menu. Larry helped us order the "Shepherd's Pie", even though it is normally not on the lunch menu. We also ordered the "Celtic Waffle" made into a sandwich with scrambled egg and sausage and the "Irish Breakfast" with scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, beans and "Bread Pudding Toast".The "Shepherd's Pie" was made with chunks of braised lamb slow cooked and very tender. It is topped with some veggies and a nice layer of mashed potatoes and then lightly browned under the broiler. The "Celtic Waffle" was interesting because it is served with a sweet and savory "Bacon Jam" that is spread on one side of the waffle. The scrambled eggs and sliced sausage is then put in the middle of the waffle and it is folded up into a sandwich. I actually disassembled the sandwich and ate it separately, putting maple syrup on my waffle. It was very good, especially the "Bacon Jam". The "Irish Breakfast" was a pretty standard except for the serving of baked beans and a small square of "Bread Pudding Toast".The food was very interesting and fun. Overall the flavors were good and the food was well prepared. The coffee was excellent and the prices are reasonable. Cork'er is a great new place to try out some traditional Irish comfort foods.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,2/20/2014,209,142,13,22,15>The G in Gjelina may be silent, but it stands for Good because Gjelina serves good food. Food 5/5The food is the only reason to go to Gjelina. Try a pizza or the roasted cauliflower. Two must orders are the mushroom toast and the lamb. The oyster mushrooms are tasty, but not worth the price.Service 4/5Dinner starts at 5:30. We arrived at 5:15 and were asked to wait at the table until the menu would be brought at exactly 5:30. We got drinks to tide us over. We did feel rushed at times by the waiter, but overall there was always someone there to help.Price 3/5Gjelina isn't cheap for the portions and you feel like you're paying for the name, but since I love the food it is ok.Parking 3/5Abbot Kinney is what it is. Parking is minimal and at a premium. If you find a spot, just take it. I usually park about a block away on one of the side streets and walk.Atmosphere 2/5By far the worst part about eating at Gjelina is eating at Gjelina. The tables are too close and it is uncomfortable to listen to other people's conversations. The restaurant is really dark. Forget about good pictures of the good food. Reservations are almost required. I need to try the To Go option.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,2/19/2014,2650,519,34,38,29>**Great local stairs workout**Been thinking about switching up my workout routines. It's a shame I never come here after driving by hundreds of times. With my crazy schedule, I managed to get myself here twice already.First time, I did not stretch properly and sprinted up the stairs. I wanted to show off what a badass I was to my friends LOL. Yeah....I went up and down 3 times. **BIG MISTAKE**I was walking like frankenstein for the next 3 days, couldn't bend my legs even slightly without screaming in pain. I was rolling my legs & my booty on the foam roller for 5 days straight. I KNEW BETTER TO STRETCH PROPERLY. Shame shame.Learn from Sharr's mistakes....- stretch properly- ease into it if you have never done stairs, let alone exercise- go up the stairs at your pace and hike down on the dirt path instead of coming back down the stairs (ON YOUR FIRST TIME). Don't worry about going too slow, people will go around you- STRETCH - hydrate prior if you don't want to carry the water bottle- wear a heart rate monitor if you want to know how many calories you're burning (I was burning 300 calories each trip up and down the stairs. 900 calories is pretty freakin good if you do it 3 times).Of course if you are a beast...you will run up the stairs with a weighted vest & triple your calories burned. Yeah I see you....crazy ass. I went back again about a week later. I stretched for 10 mins before and after....did the stairs up 3 times and hiked down the trail path 3 times (still burned 300 calories each time). It's been a few days already and I AM NOT IN PAIN....yay!PARKING IS A BITCH. But who cares if you have to park 2 blocks away cause you're here to work out anyways right? Just becareful coming around the bend as people slow down significantly to find parking. I almost got into an accident several times. Yelp states that they're opened at 8am....but they're pretty much opened once the sun rises it maybe better to get here at 6 am during the work week to avoid rush hour in the late afternoon.  BUNS OF STEEL guranteed!!!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/18/2014,765,453,8,15,14>I came here for lunch today at around 2:30. It was either here or Seafood Port. So glad I choose this spot. They are so much nicer, and the service is way better. For sure we missed the lunch rush, which was good.The two entrees that we usually always get is the house special pork chops and salt and pepper fish fillet. Try them for yourself and tell me what you think. What's also cool is you get unlimited rice and tea. You also get soup before and dessert after your meal.P.S. Large lunch portions!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,2/17/2014,69,165,6,11,10>What a great event!  I live pretty close, so I made sure to get there right on the dot, since I know how Yelpers are (ravenous!).The ladies working the evening were so sweet and great to talk to.  The gentlemen working there seemed quiet and serious but the most serious part was their luscious locks.  I could only dream of hair like these guys had!  It was longer and healthier than mine and I have super long hair.Ashley is a sweetheart and was great about giving us tips to do certain hairstyles at home as well (like, uh, duh, get a bigger curling iron).  I left with beautiful, bouncy curls and can't wait to come back again in the future, especially for a full service with a hair wash, too.The food was tasty (but went fast; like I said, ravenous).  Actually, can someone tell me what that green dip was, because it was amazing.  Also loved the champagne with strawberries floating in it--very nice touch.The jewelry displayed by Moondance was beautiful but boy, were the women selling it pushy!  Once I pointblank told them I have no money until payday, they stopped trying to force the situation, but kept on it with my roommate until she purchased something.  The waiting area is very small, so it was tightly crowded while we waited to get our hair done and then after while we waited to hear the rest of the raffles drawn.  My biggest gripe of the evening?  One of the women there with Moondance Jewelry (owner?) won the raffle prize!  What bull!!  We were standing right next to her as she won and my roommate and I just couldn't believe she was even allowed to put her name in.  Glad you got to make money that evening, lady, and get a free drybar service later, too.Overall, for my first beauty event (I usually go to the food-based events), this was really great.  I'll be sure to be on the lookout for future beauty events!  As always, thanks Brittany and Yelp :)
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,2/16/2014,128,470,10,14,12>It used to be easy to insult pizza in LA but that's becoming more difficult.  I love the pizza at 800 Degrees.  Yeah, their crust is a bit limp but more minutes in their gorgeous tiled oven would mean that perfection isn't very far away.  It's a simple fix.For me, that limp crust is a fair compromise, though.  If my margherita pie spent any longer in the oven, my car would have been ticketed at the 15-minute meter outside.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,2/15/2014,441,219,10,17,11>I went to Salt tonight and felt compelled to write a review when I got home. First, let's be honest, I'd say Salt is more of a 3.5 than a 4 star restaurant. However, because I think it really does have a lot of potential, I'll go up instead of down.I really dig the limited menu, artisan, gastropub style is finally coming to the Agoura/Calabasas area that isn't a typical tacky brewery. Finally. It's higher end than any of the other restaurants in the immediate area (Wolf Creek comes to mind with their giant menu of crap). That being said, please note you're going to spend significantly more per item. The decor is TOTALLY my style. Industrial... yet, rustic? What? Recycled scrap wood painted in typical industrial grey tones and carefully places in all the right areas? Wood trimmed walls? Open, exposed ceiling? Neutral tones? Not a lot of fru-fru everywhere? Open space and not cluttered wall to wall booths? I dig it. I even love that a table of four has two different types of chairs. Our waitress was really nice. She was nervous-awkward chatty in the way that she reminded me of a socially awkward tv or movie character.  That awkward friend that just keeps talking nervously and can't stop. She was sincere and funny and I liked that. I cracked up when she said that she was going to shoot someone if she heard Justin Bieber sing a Christmas song one more time (it was playing in the restaurant). Now, here's where I get a little lost. If you're going to name a restaurant by the name of SALT, shouldn't SALT be a theme? I'm sorry, but putting a teaspoon of fleur de sel and hawaiian black salt on the table for customers to "finish" their own meals is a cop-out. You're named effing SALT. Each dish should be finished with a different kind of salt or put multiple salts on the table besides the obvious two. I'm surprised himalayan pink salt wasn't on the table too if we're going to go with regular salts we can get in the market that aren't morton's iodized salts. I saw that the house made chips had truffle salt but otherwise I didn't see any other salt on the menu. There are a million different types of flavored salts out there (from vanilla bean to pinot noir salt to ghost pepper salt), not to mention from different parts of the world. C'mon. Misleading. As for the food, note you're going to pay for a main dish without sides and your sides separately. You'll pay $25 for a steak without any sides and your sides will be at least $5 a piece. A piece of brick chicken will be $15 for a butterflied breast and you're going to pay $5 for a small side of cauliflower. You won't get bread or rice or anything on the side (but carbs are so 2 years ago, right?) - Just note you'll get charged for everything. If this place where to cut the prices down by a few dollars per dish (and I know even at wholesale and 66% markup, a piece of butterflied chicken shouldn't be $15). The food was okay but it was nothing to write home about. Perhaps I am just spoiled but I didn't find anything to be overly creative or flavorful or anything above mediocre. What I DID NOT enjoy were my kobe beef wanton appetizers - The beef didn't taste anything like kobe beef (sigh) and further wasn't very good. Matching with a grainy, bold mustard just masked the taste of the beef. Sigh. Oh well. I will come here again in the future should I NEED to go out but I wouldn't make this a go-to spot should I have the choice to go elsewhere (like the west side).
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/14/2014,224,589,9,13,9>You gotta know what you are getting into when you go here.  The General Store has three aspects: 1.)  A store side with horse ridding tack and accessories, 2.)  U.S. Post office, which is closing (sad but true), 3.)  and Kelly's Korner, which has candy, sandwiches, drinks, and other munchies.Kelly's Korner is the perfect neighborhood stop.  We get Gatorade after soccer, and sometimes we get sandwiches when we head to the park.  The Kelly family is involved with the day to day operations, and are all good people, I always enjoy engaging them in conversation.I like this location because it represents Palos Verdes and has historical relevance, this place has been around a LOOOOONG time. Don't hesitate to talk L.A. Galaxy soccer with the Kelly family - they are season ticket holders, and fanatics.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,2/13/2014,271,845,7,19,15>In a word: stunning. This is easily the best Thai food I've had in the United States, and just some of the best Thai food I've ever had (and I've lived in Thailand).The first time I came I got the Kow Kuk Kapi ($11) which is a simple bowl of marinated brown rice, shallots, green mango and yuba strips (tofu skins). You mix it all together and the result is a delicious, hearty, savory dish. My only gripe is that the portion size on this dish was really small---don't expect leftovers.For my second trip I had the Catfish Eggplant ($12) and the Chinese Broccoli ($8). The "catfish" is really just batter fried eggplant in a spicy red curry sauce served with bell peppers and amazingly fried basil leaves----it's hard to describe how delicately this dish came together. It wasn't just a soggy mishmash of random stuff tossed together, the way you would find at 99% of other Thai or East Asian restaurants. Here the individual components of the dish maintained their separate integrity. You might call yourself an anti-eggplant person but, believe me, this dish will change your mind.The portions size was large and good enough for two people.The Chinese Broccoli was simple enough, but they managed to make that delectable, too. Instead of just wok-tossing the vegetable with some soy sauce, they added spicy roasted chilis and a nicely fermented bean sauce which added a nice level of savoriness. Brown rice costs $2, which was annoying, but I guess is commonplace in California.As I've visited Satdha a couple dozen more times, I've since added a couple of other favorite dishes to the mix: the delectable, crispy-soft-and-savory "Shallot Tempeh"; the delicious snap pea Thai salad and the brussel sprouts with shiitake mushrooms. The service is friendly, but slow. Expect to wait a while to place your order and to receive the bill or get your leftovers boxed up.Satdha is rarity and a gem. There are a dozen or more vegan Thai places in LA, but this place is many notches above the rest and serves unusual dishes with exquisite delicacy and sheer deliciousness. I'm lucky I live on the West Side because I'll be here often.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/12/2014,536,165,12,34,17>Unassuming yet exquisite. The dining experience you'll have at Totoraku will change the way you view beef. Totoraku (meaning "lucky dad" in archaic Japanese) was named the "most exclusive restaurant in Los Angeles" by Huffington Post. The restaurant has catered to patrons such as Anthony Bourdain and Chef Ludo Lefebvre. Unless you know Chef Kaz Oyama himself or were referred by one of his customers, it's unlikely you'll get a reservation. Calling the voice message will advise that you won't be getting a response unless you're a regular. You could imagine my excitement when I was presented with the opportunity to dine there for my birthday this past weekend. C first visited Totoraku years ago and has been a fan of the place ever since. Referred to as the "secret beef" restaurant by many, David Hochman calls Oyama-san the "Zen Master of Beef". Quite the title I must say and a change of pace from his previous gig at Hide Sushi on Sawtelle.The restaurant lies in the heart of west LA along Pico Boulevard. I had brunch at Food on Saturday, not even realizing it was across the street. You'll find no signage, glitz, or glam but rather remnants of the old teriyaki house and black awnings. I'm not kidding when I say this place is a "hidden" gem. Upon entering, you'll be greeted by Oyama-san's wife, Shizumi, at the door who will seat you should you have a reservation. Inside there are only a few tables set up and the place definitely has the feel of a family owned business. Chef Oyama is quite the wine connoisseur which is apparent by the collection of bottles on display in the restaurant separating the dining room from the kitchen. We brought along a bottle of Duckhorn Merlot I had picked up in Napa for the occasion. I'll be sure to pick up a special bottle for any future endeavors as there is no corkage fee.We were escorted to our table for two which was adjacent to the kitchen, only separated by a waist high wall and thin curtain. The table was set up with a place setting of three dipping sauces: ponzu, lemon juice, and soy sauce. Oyama-san's daughter-in-law carefully explained each dish as she brought them out with specific instructions as to how they were to be enjoyed and if a specific dipping sauce was to be used. Although, I hardly felt it was necessary given the quality of the meats.The first dish of amuse bouche included a wide assortment of treats: gelee with vegetable assortment, shrimp with caviar, uni risotto, and jellyfish with pickled cucumber, Sliced okra, octopus with cherry tomatoes, housemade black sesame tofu, pickled vegetables, sockeye salmon stuffed with avocado and sprouts, and steamed abalone with zenmai. (whew!)Following began the main courses of beef, prepared in a multitude of ways. It was amazing to me all the different flavors he was able to capture with just one main ingredient. How very Iron Chef-esque. The courses included:Beef CarpaccioBeef Tataki & Beef Throat SashimiBeef tartare with pea shoots, daikon, and quail eggBeef tongue Filet MignonOutside Rib eyeInside Rib eyeShort RibSkirt SteakFor dessert Chef Oyama and his wife brought out an assortment of ice creams and sorbets with a candle on top. I was definitely humbled by the happy couple singing happy birthday to me as they clapped their hands.I dare say the level of service and attention provided by Totoraku definitely matches that of any Michelin rated restaurant out there, with the added luxury of intimacy and feeling of home. Upon leaving, the cheerful energetic Chef handed me his business card with his personal number to arrange future reservations. I already feel excited for my next experience here. Dinner came with a hefty price tag but absolutely worth every bite.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,2/11/2014,388,164,8,15,12>I remember the first time I tried Santouka. I was in San Diego and had the worst hangover ever and wanted some hot soup. My friend found Santouka on Yelp and we went. My hangover was instantly cured! The sad part was, I thought that I would never be coming back here... But THEN, I found out that Santouka is actually EVERYWHERE! Wherever there's a Mitsuwa, they'll most likely have Santouka! Sure, it's weird considering this little shop is inside a Japanese Market, but don't let that fool you! It's Their ramen is so good with the perfect soup base! The noodles are a little chewier than I'm used to but I really like it. I don't usually eat all of the noodles and drink all of the soup when I get ramen but I literally lick the bowl clean whenever I come here. I'm not going to lie though, the bowls are kind of small. I'd advise you get the larger size. If you're looking for spicy ramen, this is not the place for you. At first, I thought I wouldn't like it because it's not spicy, but I think I like it even more now! If you've tried Shin-Sen-Gumi, Santouka kind of reminds me of their ramen. All in all, I love this ramen place! The only downside is that they close kind of early...
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,2/10/2014,2371,1713,57,68,61>Life Rule #12: When faced with two flavors, always pick the one never tried before.Beachy Cream is a small Santa Monica shop where your dreams become ice creams. The organic treats nearly sound too sweet to eat, but once you start sampling the temptations there is no turning back. Beachy Cream is like drinking salt water: you taste and your thirst increases. Once you get a sample of Beachy Cream's Whiskey & Walnut or Roasted Banana ... you lust for more ... just like their tagline says.Lick.   Bite.   Smile.   Repeat.The flavors at Beachy Cream change regularly based on whatever dream creams they've created in the back room lately. These were some of the memorable ones this weekend: * Whiskey & Walnuts * Key Lime * Strawberry Balsamic * Mint Brownie Chunk * Bitchin' "Hot" Chocolate * Candied Ginger * Roasted Banana * Coffee Toffee * Brown Butter Pecan * Pistachio * Peanut Butter Fudge Ripple * Vegan CoconutI tried a few samples and then the hard part was picking just one. So the sweetheart behind the counter recommended getting two half-scoops. Is there anything better than offering a Yelper twice the flavors for the same price?Sticking to one of life's rules, I went with the two of the most outstanding flavors: Whiskey & Walnuts (a sexy & powerful combo) and Roasted Banana (banana bonanza). I'd easily get either again; however, the Bitchin' "Hot" Chocolate (spicy chocolate blend) and Strawberry Balsamic (like lickin' summer love) will be my next temptations to try.Need more reasons to love Beachy Cream? * Yelp Check-in Deal: 20% off * Pretzel Cones covered in salt ... a great match for my two flavors ($1.50 extra) * Fresh Cookies for a custom love-made Ice Cream Sandwich ($5.50) * Premade Ice Cream Sandwiches had cool names and flavors ($5) * Single Scoop: $4; Double: $6; Triple: $6.75 * Malts and Shakes: $6; Sundaes $7; Floats $5Beachy Cream is a one-of-a-kind ice cream store.  * organic * local (made on-site) * original flavors * Yelp check-in * Yummy & dreamyTo be honest, I didn't expect to fall in love with Beachy Cream, but that's just the way ice cream hits ya sometimes.    If I never met you,      I wouldn't like you.   If I didn't like you      I wouldn't love you.   If I didn't love you      I wouldn't miss you,  but I did, I do, and I will.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,2/9/2014,380,235,8,11,11>Great way to start the new year getting my groove on, literally! The instructor was fantastic, high energy from the get go! He broke up the hip hop routine in segments and we repeated a few times to get a full understanding. Then, he'd streamline all the segments into a full routine. It was very helpful to repeat the moves before adding more.One of my favorite parts was listening to all the old school jams from the 90s! I was actually lip-singing to most of the songs, hope no one saw...Thanks Ryan C. for a super awesome event to groove into the new year! I don't know about others, but I sure broke a sweat!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,2/8/2014,360,425,13,17,15>I go back and forth between this location and the one in PV.  I love both locations!  The Gardena one is right next to Marukai, so its pretty convenient for me when I am running errands (like buying Mammoth Bakery bread).  Goma is really fast and accurate with her threading.  My mom was here one weekend and was like, "Can we go back to your threading place?" She said it hurts, lol, but she loves the way her eyebrows look and lucky for her she can do them once a month and look good. Prices are fair and the place is clean.  Oh and get a stamp card!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,2/7/2014,799,126,20,27,23>I'll first preface this review by stating, I don't condone drug use, unless it's needed, and really for many peopIe, God's kind herbs (aka, ganja, kush, buddha, giggle weed, hubbly bubbly, butter flower, cheeba, chronic, giggle smoke, jolly green, righteous bush, etc..I think you get the point) are definitely a necessity. So fast forward. Somehow I came across this place accidentally ;) However, since I was there, I reckon it wouldn't hurt to go down and take a peek. They carry everything you'd possibly need, if your in the mood and require the proper equipment to alter your state of consciousness or reality, or jus want to get one hell of an appetite, so you can write another review about where you jus stuffed your face because of the munchies. The prices are very reasonable, especially considering the quality of the custom pieces. It's amazing the shapes you get from competent glass "artists". Such beautiful colors and designs. Amazing six-shooters, water bongs, custom pipes, and tons of other accessories that can certainly be convenient if you're looking to get baked.  The staff is extremely helpful, polite and knowledgeable in every respect of the "business." The selection of products are amazing! They're open from 9-9 Monday -Saturday, and 10-6 on Sunday. Parking is never really a problem unless you forget where you parked. So bring along a sober mate to help you navigate.Canoga Smoke Shop is actually like a really nice arts and crafts store, but wiv drug paraphernalia!Cheers!!!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,2/6/2014,634,287,12,14,14>We came here on a Fri.night just miss happy hour which is everyday from 3:00am -6:00pm all Items are $3-$6.00 with 1/2 off all wine and beer,and taco tue.is $1.00 off, in the soda disp. the water is sobe water( I could not really tell...who knows it may have just been tap water I hope not ) there is a cover patio and with shade,the decor is dark and light blue so fresh and clean,I had the Mediterranean Salad that was a knockout it had romaine lettuce,roma tomatoes,cucumbers,red onions,pepperoncinis,crumbled feta cheese,tossed w/ housemade vinaigrette top w/ grilled chicken on top...how do you say (delicious) the little lady had Penne Pasta w/ Marinara cream sauce, aged parmesan and Shrimp and garlic bread, let just I had to keep her fork out of my absolutely extremely great salad,will be back.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/5/2014,1958,924,20,29,28>F'ing WOW! The Tator Tots ARE amazing, no doubt. We also had the Caprese dip - off the charts delicious. I loved that they bring 4 condiments: Ranch, Mustard, Ketchup and Hot Sauce. Tried all but the Hot Sauce. I was in calorie heaven and didn't care a bit.I washed down the delectable morsels with a Southsider. What a refreshing little cocktail. It is like a Lemon Drop but with Lime and Gin, so guess it could be a Lime Drop. There is likely simple syrup in there to make it a little sweet and they float a mint leaf on top. Comes in a vintage type class. More a warm weather drink but I nice change from my standard Lemon Drop.The place isn't big, but it is large enough. Lots of tables and comfy benches to chill on. The vibe is casual and relaxed. The bartenders were nice and on top of the orders. Love that! Know before you go...1. It is super simple to park in the garage on 2nd and Broadway and walk down the block and  a half to the Craftsman.2. They have a great happy hour..my happy hour Southsider was $5!! Awesome deal.3. They have a small outside patio which is great for enjoying our beautiful weather and people watching.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,2/4/2014,1537,560,11,17,20>This review is for Leah, an inspired woman who does colonics. Finding someone in this town how knows how to do a colonic is a rare find. Especially someone who is educated, kind, and makes you feel comfortable. I found Leah randomly and I'm so glad a found her. She's awesome.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2013,2/3/2014,289,275,22,31,26>Note posted on 1/28/2014In light of reports from very experienced Yelpers regarding their mediocre to poor DineLA experience w entrees, service and menu issues, I am sadly downgrading my review rating to 3 stars. Whatever I experienced in the past is not reflective of the current state of affairs.3 stars is still A-ok, meaning I might go back*************************************************Tapenade is yet another place I woudn't have known about without the help of Yelp.Eventhough it's located in my stomping grounds of Little Osaka/Sawtelle, it wasn't until attending a Yelp event back on April 1, 2013 that I discovered the Mediterranean and Farm-to-Table delights of this tapas bar.To date, I've tried 17 dishes and also uploaded photos of each.  Some items are seasonal and aren't offered during the winter.  The dishes that are still offered, which I recommend are:"Get Started"CRISPY BRUSSELS SPROUTS/sliced almonds/capers/red wine vinegar (5 stars)[The menu has expanded to include other versions]"Vegetables, etc."BABY BEET SALAD/feta cheese/hazelnuts/orange vinaigrette (4 stars)GRILLED PEAR SALAD/blue cheese/walnuts/endive/honey-rosemary dressing (4 stars)WARM EGGPLANT CAVIAR/tomato concassée/virgin olive oil/country bread (4 stars)"Butcher Board"BACON-WRAPPED-DATES/manchego cheese/extra virgin olive oil (5 stars)"To Share"TUNA TARTARE/avocado/ginger-orange dressing, and wonton wafers (5 stars)"Sugar Buzz"CHOCOLATE POT DE CREME/coffee chantilly cream (4 stars)In December, I went back to Tapenade on my own dime to see how the restaurant was doing and was pleased to see that the menu had expanded and that they were also offering Happy Hour.For my dinner I started off with the Homemade Blackberry Lemonade $3.50.  It was not too sweet, nor sour.  The bartender recommended it to me because I wanted something non-alcoholic.Italian Brussels sprouts (leaves only) $8 had pine nuts, parmesan cheese, currants and balsamic vinegar for a kick.  This was a delightfully delicious departure from the equally tasty original version of the House Brussels Sprouts I had tried back in April 2013.  I believe Tapenade now offers 7 different kinds of Brussels Sprouts - who would've thought this veggie could be so popular!Another reason for my return visit was to try the handmade Truffled Lamb Agnolotti that Yelper Fia R had praised in her review as "edible squared pillows."  yelp.com/user_details_re…I wanted to try this dish during the summer, but unfortunately it was on hiatus until November.So, with the advent of the winter season, I finally tried the Lamb Agnolotti $14 - both the pasta and filling were made in-house.   Seasoned and hand-shredded lamb filled the Agnolotti-shaped pasta that was cooked Al Dente and encased in a rich and toothsome Truffle-Madeira sauce with shaved parmesan cheese on top. The only regret I had about the dish was that it was 4 pieces, which seemed pricey.Not one to end a meal without dessert, because I ate light with the Brussels Sprouts and the Lamb Agnolotti, I decided to indulge in Tapenade's dessert offering of Grand Marnier soufflé $10.I also had a soothing and refreshing Mint Verbena herbal tea for $3.50 to finish an evening of delectable dishes.  The dishes I had on my 2nd visit were all a hit with me and I'd rate them all as 5 stars.Overall I'd say the food rates 4 to 5 depending on the dish. If I were to be critical of anything, it would be the bread; most of the dishes accompanied by breads had brioche. My preference would be french baguette or a rustic country white bread for spreads.Despite the cons of the prices and bread,  what makes Tapenade a solid 4 is the fact that they offer free 90 minute parking (be sure to get your ticket validated).  The Little Osaka area is heavily lined with street meters both on Sawtelle and surrounding streets that are in operation through 8pm.  Another thing I want to rave about is that Chef Ressalut is currently offering his version of Grand Marnier Souffle with a vanilla pastry coulis sauce (aka "Creme Anglaise").  I hope he keeps this permanently on the menu!Highlights:*Farm-to-Table small plate tapas*Great service*Waitstaff do not rush you through your meal*Dark, sleek, romantic interior with appropriate lighting and sound*Handmade pastas*Sophisticated and not-too-sweet desserts that don't detract from the wine tasting experience*Unexpected French classics such as Grand Marnier soufflé, reflective of the chef's extensive culinary training*Free 90 minute parking with validationOverall 4 stars for a neighborhood gem
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2013,2/2/2014,762,220,9,11,9>Dude.Hummus Bar is THE place for Mediterranean/ Israeli/ Meat lover restaurant... You cannot go wrong with this spot!I love the Laffa bread they serve with the salads... SO good!!!Their hummus is, obviously, to die for... I'm pretty sure I've tried them all.. My favorite is the Mushroom Hummus.... MMMMMMM.... I just wanna dive in there and eat it all to myself!!!! But be warned, their portions are large and with the salads they serve you first.. You wanna make sure you have plenty of room in your belly!The Meat-F*** me, so so SO goddang good!!! The skewers are my usual choice... Though the breaded chicken was spot on the last time I poped in here...I've yet to try the fish, but I'm sure it kicks some serious ass.The only tip I can give here, if you've yet to come in... Be prepared for delish food and some serious food coma!!!!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,2/1/2014,684,1279,13,13,10>I left dizzy and full, only wanting to climb into bed and fall into a peaceful sleep (which is pretty much exactly what I did when I got home). Everyone keeps talking about all-you-can-eat hot pot, complaining about Little Sheep's prices (and it isn't cheap by any means), but I don't know where to get that in the South Bay. Monterrey Park, sure. San Diego, absolutely. But Torrance?  Errr...no. If you know of a good local place, message me, please.My mom and I ordered way too much food. We got 6oz of the beef (the cheap one, lol), the cod, the scallops, a large spinach, regular tong-ho, large glass noodle, large enoki, large cabbage, and a bowl of rice. By the end of meal, we were fairly uncomfortable, though completely satisfied.Even though the half-and-half pot is great, we ended up using the spicy side way more than the original. When it came, however, my mom scooped up a bunch of the chilis out of the water, because it was an almost obscene amount, and we didn't want to die.I am infatuated with citrus ponzu mixed with garlic. I love it at King's, and that's all I made in my little dipping bowl here. I could probably put that stuff on almost anything every single day. *drooooool*Walking back and forth to the sauce bar, we saw people with these large loaves of bread. I figured it must be good, so we ordered the "sesame pancake," although it looks nothing like a pancake, and is exactly like bread. I am not a fan. Not in the least. I guess if you dip it in the soup, it's okay, but it's on the low-end of "okay." That was a major fail.Oh, and if you go to the bathroom, use the handicapped stall. The regular stalls are SOOOOOOO short. For a restaurant that brings in all the Chinese people in a predominately White and Japanese (and growing Korean) neighborhood (where are they coming from?), I would have expected them to cater to a "squatting" clientele, if you know what I mean. Although I didn't try it myself, I was sure that I would ram my head into the door in front of me, because there was like a foot or less dividing the bowl from the partition. Or maybe I just don't know how to squat properly.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,1/31/2014,407,450,9,20,12>Up until now I have been faithful to Susie Cakes in Manhattan beach but Sweet Red Peach has stolen my heart!!!I bought a Groupon and used it to try a half dozen of cupcakes. After buying another Groupon and going back for round two, I think it is safe to say that the 7up, lemon, and strawberry cheeescake red velvet cupcakes(YES, ONE BIG AMAZING CONCOCTION) are the best I've ever had! All of the cupcakes are moist and are the perfect amount of sweetness. They have lots of funky flavors to choose from and they are open on Sundays!!The actual location is small, very clean, and located in a shopping plaza. The customer service here is impeccable and even though that is a good thing, it is very bad for me because it only makes me want to go back for more. LOL!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/30/2014,831,590,10,18,15>Bottom line at the top: yummy kabob and shawerma/gyros in west la/Santa Monica, best falafel in all of Los Angeles. --The lamb gyros/shawerma plate is soo good. It comes with fluffy grilled pita (I usually hate pita bread unless a grandma makes it fresh but the white and wheat here is soo good), eggplant (baba ghanouj), hummus, tabbouleh. Also had the shish kabob delight plate which is indeed very delightful. One chicken skewer, one lamb skewer, fluffy pita, eggplant, hummus and tabbouleh and also added on a piece of falafel. It is literally the best in LA, and I'm Middle Eastern so that's saying something. Closed it out with a piece of baklava that was super sweet with honey and walnut. Yummy!!Great spot!! The owner is also very sweet and parking is a breeze in the lot or on the street, the food is delicious and comes out fast, I highly recommend coming here!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,1/29/2014,150,213,8,16,11>I came on a Friday night for takeout.The Service ---We called in our order.  It took quite a while.  We were on hold for about 15 minutes before she took out order.  She said it would be 25 to 30 minutes for our food to be ready.  When we got there about 30 minutes later, we got our food pretty quickly, maybe 5 to 10 minutes after we arrived.  I would suggest calling in your order so it's ready when you get there.The Food ---We got the Texas Sampler which came with chicken, sausage, beef ribs, pulled pork and brisket.  Brisket was the best of the meats, tender and flavorful.  Chicken was fine, cooked well and not too dry.  The pulled pork wasn't very good.  It wasn't very tender and didn't have much flavor.  I liked the sausage but didn't try the ribs.  It also came with 4 pieces of white bread.  For sides, we got Mac and cheese, baked beans and potato salad.  I like all of them!  The Mac and cheese was awesome, cheesy, creamy and delicious.  The baked beans had a sweet and sour flavor that I liked.  The potato salad was good, not amazing but solid.  The Prices ---The Texas Sampler is $28.50 and comes with 2 large sides.  We got another large side for $4.50.I think it's some of the best BBQ I've had in the South Bay.  I recommend it!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,1/28/2014,177,827,5,17,10>OMG!!!  Thank you, Yelpers, for leading me to this AWESOME place.  Today, I picked up a sandwich for lunch on my way to a meeting with a client, and it was out of this world.I had my order called in advance, having heard that the sandwiches take some time to make.  The restaurant is in a newer "strip mall" on the southeast corner of Slauson and Overland (there are driveways on both streets).  I was easily able to park in the lot and strolled into the small deli.  It is a long, shallow space - there is a bar along the window with 8-10 barstools and maybe one table for two.  The counter/kitchen take up most of the space.The staff is friendly and bustling.  There are tons of chips to choose from and a refrigerated case with meats for sale as well as beverages and salads.  My sandwich was ready...and they AWESOMELY keep it warm in a little oven near the cash register.  I ordered the Mumbo Gumbo sandwich ($8.99), which is AMAZING!!!  It was about 9" of fresh crusty French bread loaded without about a pound or so of meat.  Incredible!  A mixture of halved jumbo shrimp, chunks of white meat chicken, ground beef and cut hot link is cooked in an excellent combination of spices, peppers and onions.  Sure, it's greasy as all get out, but it is amazing.  Delicious meat that is well-seasoned (it packs some heat) in bread that is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  Ask for an extra "paper" that they use for wrapping, because the grease will soak through the first one.  I absolutely demolished the entire sandwich.  (And the stack of napkins I took with.)I also ordered the coleslaw (small cup for $0.99), which is chopped red cabbage in a tangy mayonnaise based dressing.  I devoured that as well.Love this place.  I would definitely come back for the Mumbo Gumbo, and I would love to try some of the other sandwiches.  They are HUGE, so come hungry or share with a friend.  :)
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,1/27/2014,458,100,7,13,10>David Myers..What a come back !!!After his long time off after Sona..Been meaning to try this place for a long time..Finally the wait is over and it was well worth it!!Best to share various plates tapas style so you can try many different items..Decor is trendy chic with a main room and and outdoor patio..Long communal table as well...DrinksHad dark and stormy..and also Hinoki Swizzle..@$14 each a little pricey but both drinks where tasty..FoodMenu is divided into various sections: Raw bar, Bites, Inspiration, Grilled and Vegi/Grain...Also separate drink and dessert section of the menu...Shared the entire meal best way to go(Except the drinks!!).-Beef tartare..Very good served with a warm toasted bread..Sort of like korean yukke mixing in the raw egg...-Chili crab toast...Had a small bite since developed a crab allergy(Totally bummed out)...the small piece I had was excellent ..3 pieces and my dining companion woofed it down in seconds..He said it was very good...-****Lobster roll...This was very memorable...Recommend getting this(Biased since I couldnot have the crab toast..)very good...-Steamed mussels...pass..It was recommended by our server but the mussels where tiny..The soup base was sort of like tom yum soup very good but again mussels where way too small..-****Skate wing...Very very good....tasted like very good chunks of white fish...We both liked this ...-Sauteed spinach..Just ok..If you need to order a vegetable suggest getting something else..Dessert-Had a craving for ice cream/sorbet soPistachio ice cream...Just ok...****Watermelon Sorbet..Must get if this is on the menu..Very refreshing dish for summer...Overall great dining experience..Service was very good Great Westside business crowd and couples...Definetly will be back !!!!Another option to Craft, Gulfstream, Obika, Breeze when your in the Century City area..
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,1/26/2014,147,177,10,17,15>So my nearest and dearest Greg R. is always on the lookout for new food in our hood, so a while back when he noticed that a new place was getting ready to open just down the street, he literally could not wait. Had he not already swayed my little heart with his big eyes and excited belly, we might have postponed our trip to Yellow Fever, as we were actually on our way home from picking up dinner when we saw it had officially opened... but he had and we did.The place looks fantastic. We frequented the place that used to be there, and I honestly couldn't picture how things used to look. It's now super open, clean and very inviting. As for how the food works, it's clever. You choose either rice, noodles or salad and then decide on a city themed combo of meat/veggies/sauce to top it with. Greg went for the Seoul which was spicy and included filet mignon while I opted for the Kona which was Hawaiian themed and the main star was spam and eggs. I came close to not getting a bowl because they're big, but they have a Mary-friendly option with a mini-bowl, so don't count yourself out if you're a lighter eater like me. We loved both of the bowls. The Seoul was definitely spicy, so only something I'll ever just steal a bite of, but man it's good. I loved the Kona, but I am a huge spam fan, so maybe think about your love for spam before committing!There are some amazing sounding sides to share, but this was already second dinner, so we didn't push our luck, but next time we're getting the parmesan furikake fries. If you get them first, let me know what you think. The suspense is killing me.Anyway, to round out the meal, we tried the lychee lemonade, which was so freaking good. It lemon-y, it's lychee-y and perfectly sweetened. I am a sucker for lemonades to start with though, so I am definitely biased towards such tasty treats. Greg loved it too, but while chatting with the folks behind the counter, we learned of a special drink called the Bruce Lee, which is their version of an Arnold Palmer. They go 50/50 with the iced macha green tea and the lychee lemonade. As some of you do know Greg, you might know that lychee is one of his favorite flavors, Arnold Palmers are his #1 drink and Bruce Lee is one of his heros, sooo he was sold. I stole a sip, and it was good, but I loved just the lemonade the best. Greg is less into the sweet drinks, so he loved his drink the best. That never happens, so thumbs up Yellow Fever.Apparently I had a lot to say about this place. To summarize, totally check it out. I cannot wait to work my way through all of the different flavors.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,1/25/2014,2159,644,8,14,13>Tavern on Main is a chill place to go to for lunch.  I usually like to order their burgers... I actually haven't ordered anything else but their burgers lol.  Their soft drinks come in a huge mug which I believe is refillable, but i could never finish half of it.  When I want a little bit of everything, I go for their mini burgers (they have mini hotdogs too)  They are three different burgers -- BBQ w/ bacon, guacamole cheese, and chili cheese mMmMm!  When it's nice out, I like to sit outside in their little patio.  Food is great and their service is great.  On Fridays, I even get beer with my burgers.There is a parking lot across the street.  I believe it's 2 hours free parking.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,1/24/2014,157,340,11,14,12>I am a new fan of Wildcraft! There are so many things to love.The service is excellent. Michael was our waiter both times and he is awesome. He gave us a bunch of recommendations and he knows everything about the food and beverages.The brussel sprouts were crazy good, the chop salad and the spinach salad were fresh and tasty, the arancini were good, but not my favorite. I have tried to far these pizzas: veggie, burrata, truffle mushroom, and the meatball. All of them were delicious.The prices are so reasonable for the quality of ingredients and the portion size. The beer selection is really good too. I think it is a good cost/benefit option in the area.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,1/23/2014,1137,317,16,21,19>I'm not gonna lie, I've become somewhat of a coffee snob since discovering Demitasse. I don't drink at Starbucks anymore. I don't like my office's drip coffee anymore. Coffee is just not coffee anymore. For the past month, I haven't had any coffee outside of Demitasse and I'm perfectly happy for it to stay that way. Yes, they're THAT good. Their espresso machines look something out of a science lab. I don't know what the technology is, but whatever it is, it's working! My only critique is that their indoor seating needs to be replaced. The high chairs dig into your back and the bench seating is a tad too high for the tables. Very uncomfortable.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,1/22/2014,855,592,19,22,21>Happenstance-ing upon Hillstone...!* GET - Soup du Jour = it was "Mexican City" night: flavorful risotto'd broth translated into the perfect soup on a cold night.* GET - Famous French Dip Au Jus = juicy prime rib to be furthered dipped...uhh, win.* GET - Thai Steak & Noodle Salad = medium-rare filet with thai flavored dressing... so enjoyed the avocado chunks and fresh mango twist~* GET - Harvest squash cheesecake = decadent goodness with hint of citrus.* MMM - Pale ale & glass 'o Baron Zu Knyphausen Riesling = delish.* YES - Such enthusiastic & great service by Julie ~  * YES - Beautiful modern interiors with an exposed brick siding.  * YES - Small bar aligning entry.  Open kitchen.* WOA (words of advice):- Hoppin' on a late Wed night.  Worth to make ressies.  Walk-in wait was ~40 minutes.- Public parking lot just 1/2 block away (first 3 hrs free) if you don't feel like valet.- Perfect for a business pow-wow, date night, or grubbin' catchup with friends.4.5 stars~
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,1/20/2014,341,221,8,16,12>"You can make an original outfit in a day using a special sewing machine and techniques from Japan."What a fun place!  If you don't know how to sew, you can actually learn to sew an item of clothing and have something to take home at the end of the class.  You can take a trial class for $25 and it includes all the materials.  Rika is a fabulous teacher!  She is very helpful and very friendly.  It's awesome to go home with something ready to wear.  Of course, as a beginner, you won't make anything as complicated as a coat or jacket, but there are simple patterns to choose from to get started.People who sew at different levels, from beginners like me to those who are more experienced, are all welcome.Parking and entrance are behind the building.  Don't enter on the Western Avenue side.I'd like to go again with some friends and make a fun afternoon out of it!
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,1/19/2014,123,94,12,12,10>Oh hellz yah! LOLlicup close to where I live? Sooo in...I went out the back door. Huh?There's some street parking out in front, and a huge parking garage around the back that's always empty (lol Marshall's).Never been a line when I'm there, and the LOLlerz (I dunno how else to refer to the employees given the establishment's name) are nice and able to speak fluent English. Seriously, I'm not even being racist or a dick...I've been to some bubble tea places where I had to leave empty-handed because the people simply couldn't understand what I was trying to ask for (San Gabriel ring a bell?). Matt's Believe It or Not...but it's true.Almond milk tea is up there as being the best I've had, and the almond snow is just ermererRALKGLAGKg. You're combining two of my favourites...almond and snow. It's a match made in heaven. Sprinkle in some almond roca from Pinkberry and I might just spontaneously implode from sugar/happiness overload.Boba has good to excellent consistency - slightly chewy, but not gummy.They have wifi, and like all Asian places will charge you a fee for using your card if your transaction doesn't hit the magical $10 (which is against the law, unbeknownst to me). Whatever, I'll deal for having the convenience of a bangin' bubble tea place relatively close by.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,1/18/2014,633,278,11,16,13>I just went in there and bought three parakeets for $15 each. That is a pretty fair price. Petco is $19, and another pet shop was $22. The birds all looked healthy, they all had clean cages, food and water even though it was the end of the day.This store has a very good selection of toys and other supplies. The man at the register was very friendly and helpful. His helper was very helpful, and an excellent bird catcher! I will certainly shop here again.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,1/17/2014,241,707,7,13,8>I'd give it a 3.5 stars but rounding up for good service.Small place. Warm due to the # bodies. Beer, wine, sake only.The menu is a bit confusing, because they mix dish sizes all together. They distinguish dishes by category which is nice - like vegetables, noodles/rice, starters, but they explain that plate sizes range from small to medium to large making it hard to gauge the quantity to order. I only had a party of 2, so we went with 2 on the left side of the menu and 2 on the right. lol. The portion sizes were all pretty decent though, so it worked out well.Star dishes - Grilled shrimp with papaya, cashews, cilantro, mint, Thai basil & lime cilantro vinaigrette 4 stars. This is essentially the fusion of 2 Thai salads - grilled shrimp salad and green mango salad. The dressing was a perfect balance of sweet and sour but could have been spicy. The shrimp were large and crunchy and seasoned with what I believe was five spice powder. They give you a good portion of it, so we were able to make it last through the main courses to help cut the richness of the entrees.Imperial Rolls - the Vietnamese version of pork & shrimp egg rolls 4 stars. They came 3 large rolls to an order with red leaf lettuce, pickled vegetables, crushed peanuts, and a loose & tart fish sauce dipping sauce. I love that they used rice paper for the wrapper - not enough Vietnamese places use that for their egg rolls. It's a messy dish to eat, so dig in and don't try to look pretty. The filling was a tad bit under-seasoned, but the dipping sauce accommodated for it. The dipping sauce was a tad looser and more sour than the typical nuoc cham that goes with VN egg rolls but it was still good enough. That looked like the most popular dish in the room tonight.Shaky beef - the quintessential most expensive Vietnamese dish -3-3.5 stars. Decent portion of filet cubes that were relatively tender. The sauce that they were in was really flavorful, but I think the meat could have used a bit more marinating time. The marinade didn't quite make it into the meat itself, so the inner meat was somewhat bland. However, there was a really good watercress & red onion salad on the side which went perfectly with the rich meat. Made all the difference.Bhutanese red rice - 2.5 stars. I was most excited about this dish since it's one I've never had before out of our dinner menu. However, it was really rich and oily without having much flavor compared to everything else. It was essentially fried rice made with red rice, some crab meat, big super fatty chunks of lamb bacon/belly, and topped with a fried egg. It was just all grease and some crunch from the rice. The greasiness made it difficult to eat esp. with all of the big chunks of the bacon fat. The crab was completely lost - flavorwise and texture-wise. Bummed about this since this dish seemed to show up in the Yelp photo album the most.Service again was pretty good. It was really friendly and quick when we first got there and then they just got slammed and things slowed down. Our server was really nice and helpful so bonus points for her.Overall, I had a pretty good meal - it started on a really high note and ended on a mid-range note. They def. did well with sweet & sour dishes though the Thai ones could have used some sort of chili spice. Great setting even despite the hot temperature. I would return to try the beef meatballs and get our 2 starter dishes again.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,1/16/2014,318,220,9,12,10>ROC was featured in an article about soup dumplings around the Los Angeles area, and it was the only soup dumpling place representing the West Side of LA. For a such a place offering foods that no other place super-nearby offers, ROC is rather delicious. They have a decent variety of soup and non-soup dumplings (juicy pork, pork with shrimp, fish, veggie, etc.), and they have a small selection of sweet dumplings (red bean, taro). ROC took away my sweet dumpling virginity, as I've never had a small sweet dumpling before, not even around the 626 area (some restaurants that offer soup dumplings do not offer sweet dumplings). I've ordered a few orders of dumplings, scallion pancakes (yum!), a veggie dish each time I went to ROC. Additional items such as pork buns or sweet dumplings or a meat/noodle dish have been ordered, but they weren't part of the "must-haves" at ROC. One of my few complaints about the food at ROC is the seasoning of their veggies, mainly their spinaches. It is tasty, but there is just so much salt that sits on the bottom. The plus side is that it's one of the few places that my 2 year old would eat her veggies, so yeeeeey! Service can be a hit or a miss, but most workers I've encountered at ROC were very capable (quick to respond to and fulfill requests and such). Seating can be cramped at times, since they tend to squish as many per table to seat people quicker. It's alright for kids, but placing a highchair may be difficult, so if you don't mind your child on the booth, then it's no issue at all.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,1/15/2014,547,454,13,21,18>You know one of those places that's been around for so long, that you like so much - you take for granted and totally miss out on its review?  YEP.Such a classic seafood, fancy-schmancy, go-for-view tourist attraction - that actually serves amazing food, where you can care less about how you look or what you're looking at. I mean it. (I can give an earful about the newer places that have popped up on Ocean Ave...but I'll save that for later). The eponymous lobster is incredible here. I recommend the American (versus the spiny), grilled. Certainly not cheap at about $30 a pound, but this crustacean hits the spot when you want a good one on the westside. It comes hot, head and all, fresh off the grill, cracked and ready with a bib and lobster cracker. Expect to still get lobster and shells on you - or your neighbor - and just.not.care.They usually have excellent fish entrees and specials. I've had the halibut. It's a sizeable portion. The oysters are really great. Fresh and briny. The lobster salad is a great way to try some lobster without the grand affair. It's de-shelled, obv, and plentiful among bright gem lettuce. I rarely order calamari (a history of soggy, overfried, tasteless others), but their version is delicious! Really piping hot, so crispy and with a little kick in spice. Love their sides and desserts. They're really hearty, and reminds me of BOA. Love the mixed mushrooms and truffle parmesan fries. I know, "truffle" oil, right? But it's not overdone; the fries are the crispy stars. The lobster mashed potatoes isn't mashed potatoes with hunks of lobster folded in - it's more like...lobster slightly processed down with some potatoes mashed in. That doesn't sound appealing, but I promise you, that orange side dish is orange from lobster meat itself. It's...lobster baby food with cream and potatoes. haha. I never had to guess - I just knew when I tasted their ice cream that it was made in house. My favorite is their vanilla. Their version of pineapple upside down cake is actually exciting. The warm chocolate pudding is decadent and definitely shareable. Parking is valet only, but validate!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,1/14/2014,1070,142,11,20,14>They were advertising door to door at our office building. The guy showed up with high quality detailed brochure and free baked cookies. The cookies were yummy, so I decided to order for delivery at one of the next company meetings.Menu: sandwich, salad, and/or soup. They do have catering with a lot more options for 15 people min. Delivery is for 5 or more. You get your own little boxed lunch or a plastic container, depending on your order. The box is set up and packed like a school lunch. They have different options: Deluxe Box Lunch or Executive Box Lunch for $2.25 more. The Executive box comes with two more items then the other, a small cheesecake and a Ziplock baggy of fresh cut veggies with a dip.The food was delicious and everything was very fresh. The portions were perfect. The last thing I had was a Seafood & Avocado salad; it came with two large fresh slices of breads (wheat and white) and two things of butter one had sugar & cinnamon. Loved it!I haven't been to the actual restaurant yet but we've ordered a few times since. Not only do they always get the orders right but they're on time. We'll definitely be ordering from here again. High quality, fresh, good service, good value, and delicious!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,1/13/2014,506,366,11,16,13>I was going to order from these guys online until I realized they weren't that far! I picked up some hex logic pads, a backing plate, clay, carpet cleaner, tire shine, air freshener, some empty bottles for diluted product, brush. Grand total $110Major complaint I have is of their clay bar. It sucked and it was leaving a sticky residue on car that I had to throw it away. Did not buy wax, polishes etc as I already had what I was going to use and mostly needed pads. Also as someone mentioned it is quite confusing as they have a ton of products that do similar things that I do not know which is best! Great customer service and also ran into Greg who I had seen before from their youtube channel and he offered advice on certain products and helped me get all the products I was looking for. Also told me if I wanted to show up that Saturday for the detailing classes they offer, he would get me in for FREE!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,1/12/2014,703,398,15,21,18>What a great new addition to the eateries near the hospitals. A colleague always drives by this place and noticed that they were finally open so suggested we come here for lunch. We get an hour for lunch and it's a couple of blocks away from us. We never felt like we had to rush at all. It helped that we got there before the lunch crowd though. We were immediately seated and since we had looked at the menu beforehand, we had a good idea of what we wanted. Our food came out quickly! Service was wonderful. Even though they had only been open for a week, you wouldn't know it by the efficiency and knowledge of the staff. They knew what they were doing!I had the half order of carribean crunch salad, which is seasonal. Enough for one person, it was delicious and filling and didn't weigh me down at all. I especially liked the strips of taro chips. My colleagues and I were waiting on one other person to join us so one of them decided she would order ahead and share. She got a full sized salad, which looked like the half order and a Margherita pizza. The pizza looked delicious! I didn't have any, but she said it was really good. We never found out if there was a mistake in her salad order or if there just wasn't a big difference between the half and full order. I thought the half order was plenty. The menu is so extensive! There really is something for everyone. I would definitely go back. It's nice to have fresh and healthy fare within walking distance. It breaks up the monotony of eating the same things over and over again. I could probably go everyday for a month and be able to eat something different each time!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,1/11/2014,1404,152,11,12,10>I want to come here everyday. I'm so obsessed after only one visit and I'm not even an ice cream fanatic... Maybe now I am. The Toasted Coconut has the most delicious flavor, I was expecting it to be sweeter but surprisingly, it was so perfect & toasty. :P It's hard to explain the flavor, it's just awesome. I had it with Thai Tea as well which was a perfect combination. The Thai tea could have a stronger flavor but it was still amazing. My boyfriend got Horchata and Thai Chili Cucumber. Both are Dairy Free so he kind of regretted his decision because the horchata tasted a little like horchata after the ice melts. But the Thai Chili Cucumber was so refreshing! With just a hint of spice at the end. The scoopers were so nice & personable, no attitude given when I asked to sample three flavors. I love that they use real silverwear for the samples too! I've never seen that, I'm used to the little plastic spoon. It's $5.50 for two scoops, some people say one ($3.75) is enough but I wish I got three. I was depressed when I ate it all.. Ha. I can't wait to come back and get Toasted Coconut again, with other flavors! Maybe their most popular- Salted Caramel? Oooo!
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,1/9/2014,974,310,21,33,23>This place is such an awesome concept that is prime to sweep all of LA and perhaps the world.  It's an awesome medi-spa style laser and IPL treatment for 10 minutes and pennies on the dollar as to what you would pay in a doctor's office or medi-spa.  PLUS your first treatment is FREE! What did I say? The first treatment is FREE! That means there is really no risk to go in there and see how your skin responds.  (Tell them KT sent you) ;)Here is the scoop: it's a deep skin cleaning as performed by skilled and trained nurses.  The laser and light therapy helps with hyperpigmentation, aging and fine lines.  What did I get out of my first free therapy and subsequent treatment? At least 5 people commenting about my skin "glowing".  Not bad for ten minutes of my day.  The spa itself is pretty adorable.  They give you water and make-up wipes and prep your skin for the efficient treatment. They are super organized with your records and highly efficient with their technology. Usually treatments like this would be financially out of reach for me, but this is the perfect solution for star treatment and skin for worker bee prices.  This place is super new, but get in on the ground floor ... I smell a hit! Bottom line: Although this review is short and sweet, it doesn't hurt to try out Skin Laundry because your first treatment is on the house.  One free glow? Umm hell yes.ETA: I received ROTD for this review after I wrote a two star update.  I would suggest you read both before booking.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,1/8/2014,1441,859,23,39,32>FIVE STARS for Sushi Zo. Move over Chefs Nobu Matsuhisa & Masaharu Morimoto, Chef Kenzo has the best sushi in town!yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Omakase-only style restaurant, putting you back $120-150 / person. Sake bottles ~$70, sake cup $17. I experienced a 25 course menu, each very delightful & skillfully provided.  Portions are small.Kumamoto Oyster: Oyster topped with ponzu. Firm & sweet texture.  Grade: A+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Maguro Sashimi:  Maguro topped with wasabi & glazed with soy sauce. Grade:  B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Uni & Cuttle Fish: This dish was so delicious, it made my toes curl! Thinly sliced ika mixed with uni & topped with truffle salt. Fricken amazing! Grade:  A+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…  Halibut: Delicious firm meat, clean tastes. Topped with seasalt. Grade: B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Albacore Tuna: Oregon coast tuna, tender pink-white meat. Grade: B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Kawada: A small mackerel with tastes of the ocean. Topped with soy. Grade: B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Hamachi: Melt in your mouth Japanese yellowfin tuna. Amazing. Grade: A-yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Scallop: Scallops butterflied, tender & sea flavored flesh. Amazing! Grade: A+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Chutoro: Fatty Tuna that melts in your mouth! Grade: A!yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Sea Bream: Super clean & light tasting fish with sea salt. Grade: A-yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Amaebi: Half sweet shrimp, texture was soft & chewy. Grade:  B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Rock Cod: Fish topped mayo/vinegar sauce. Not a favorite. Grade: C+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Amber Jack: Baby Hamachi yellowtail, sweet & clean! Grade: A-yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Golden Eye: Clean firm meat, shoyu topped. Delicious. Grade: Ayelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Black Snapper: A firm white fish, highlighted by sea salt. Grade: Byelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Ankimo: Foie Gras of the sea, prepared with detail. Grade: B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Skipjack: Japanese call it Hagatuso, I call it delicious. Grade: A-yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…King Salmon: New Zeland salmon, fatty, topped with seaweed. Grade:  A+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Sawada: Medium-firm fish topped with soy, green onions & ginger. Grade: B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Ikura / Uni: Duo combination of salmon eggs & sea urchin. Grade: A+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Unagi:  Sea eel, roasted. Least favorite because of mushy texture & acidic taste. Grade: C-yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Mirugai: My second favorite dish of the night. Sea-bursting flavor.  Lemon & sea salt. Grade: A+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Chutoro Hand Roll: Fatty tuna minced for a hand-roll. Grade: B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Oyama Sake:  Oyama sake paired best. Clears the palate.($17/cup).yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…Yuzu Drink: Dinner ended with an after dinner non-alcoholic Yuzu aperitif. Grade: B+yelp.com/biz_photos/sush…
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,1/7/2014,1042,533,9,15,12>I think that overall, this place works. Brought to us by the masterminds behind Chipotle, Shop House Kitchen is their spin on Southeast Asian cuisine, drawing on the same assembly line format with naturally raised meat that made Chipotle a phenomenon.Starting with a base of jasmine or brown rice, chilled rice noodles or salad, the bowl is built with all gluten-free and dairy-free options. A choice of meat - grilled satay chicken, pork and chicken meatballs, grilled steak laab or tofu - follows and then a sauce (green curry, spicy red curry, tamarind vinaigrette), vegetable (green beans, broccoli, eggplant and Thai basil, charred corn), garnish (papaya slaw or pickled vegetables) and a topping (toasted rice, crushed peanuts, crispy garlic).Inevitably, this restaurant will be compared to Chipotle. Unlike Chipotle, the toppings are limited to one in each category and the portions are not huge.  These issues appear to be the major gripes about this place at the other locations.  I got a bowl with jasmine rice, meatballs, tamarind vinaigrette, green beans, half papaya slaw and half pickled veggies, crispy garlic and cilantro. The rice was cooked well, the meatballs were flavorful and the spiciness of the green beans was calmed by the chill of the papaya slaw and pickled veggies. Each ingredient had a distinct taste.I wanted the coconut rice and mango parfait but they didn't have that in the store quite yet. Four stars for this place on their opening day. Hopefully the speed of the line, the friendliness of the employees and the quality of the food will be consistent.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,1/6/2014,223,114,12,20,16>I've eaten here twice in the last five days... I can't say no to a bargain! Especially not one that resides a mile away from where I live. My friends and I would wait 30+ minutes to eat at the Kula in Little Tokyo--no longer! Usually the wait at this new location is 15 or less when I stroll in on weekdays, and there is practically no wait at all before 6pm. (For now... I mean, it DID just open a week and a half ago.) I'd like to address something first, before I get into things. I think that some of the reviews below are... misleading? Let me clear the air. GUYS, THIS IS CONVEYOR BELT SUSHI. You're not going to find Sushi Nozawa quality here. If you want top-notch quality sushi in the Sawtelle area, Kiriko is across the street. Yes, the sushi sits on the belt for who-knows-how-long. If it bothers you that much, you can either do one of two things: 1) Not eat here. (More for me.)2) Order the sushi fresh with waitstaff--yes, they take requests! That's what the menu on your table is for!Conveyor belt sushi in Japan is a VERY cheap alternative to... say, "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" type fare. No one comes into kaiten sushi with expectations of grandeur or expert cuts. Some of these places, both in Japan and here in LA, are starting to use machines to form the bed of rice that the raw fish sits upon. My point is, there's not artistry or craftsmanship here, just affordable fish.With that said, I think Kula does an excellent job with what it has to work with. I've never had sushi that was hard to chew, the rice has a mild but pleasant flavor that works well with the fish... yes, the rolls have a little more imitation crab than I'd prefer, but what do you expect with $2/plate? The waitstaff is friendly and efficient--but you definitely have to flag them down when it's busy, especially to get made-to-order sushi. So what do I order? Salmon belly, yellowtail, caterpillar, negitoro, spider rolls and the spicy salmon on crispy rice. The best part is--if you want to try something crazy, go ahead and do it! It's only $2, after all. Beware the wasabi, as it is ground wasabi root and not the paste; if you're not a huge fan of wasabi in the first place, it might be a little overwhelming.TL;DR: $2 sushi is not gourmet, it's budget-friendly. And for that price, I think Kula does a damn good job. If the idea of sushi sitting on a belt freaks you out, you can always ask for made-to-order sushi from the menu on the table. (And I can't help myself; I just have to address one of the reviews below directly, because it annoyed me. Avocado darkens because of oxidation, or prolonged exposure to air. It's GOING to look darker if it's on a conveyor belt travelling around the restaurant. That doesn't mean it's BAD QUALITY, it means it's oxidated! A darkened color is also due to an avocado being slightly overripe, but not spoiled. Sigh.)
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,1/5/2014,791,331,14,18,17>Pleasantly surprised by the Country Deli! We managed to squeeze out a  table for 4just as the Sunday morning breakfast crowd seem to be waning a bit. A perfect early afternoon sitting outside in on a well shaded small side porch. The service was friendly and somewhat  quick given the number of peeps and the hustle bustle of the place.  Our water and complementary Deli pickles came quickly. Expect large portions as with most Deli's and yes expect to pay $12 for a sky high sammie, but two people can easily share. The Chinese chicken salad, and this is the small one, was packed with grilled, shredded and perfectly seasoned chicken. This salad hit all the right notes and was gobbled up to the bottom of the bowl. A good take on the dressing too. This pic does not do it justice.  yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…The Calfornia Wrap is basically a BLT add avocado and turkey wrapped in a spinachtortilla. Huge portion, deli fresh Turkey breast and ample amounts of all of the good stuff with a dollop of chipotle mayo for good measure. Two can share. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…I am sure their breakfasts and other items are up to the task as well and I would not hesitate to return and try out some other Country Deli goodness.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,1/4/2014,617,55,25,23,20>I put my hand up on your hipwhen I dip you dip we dipyou put your hand up on my hipwhen you dip I dip we dip(Chorus Lyrics from 69 Boyz)Hahahaha! =DI'm appalled with your behavior! =P As I was referring to Tsukemen, aka Japanese "Dipping Noodles" which typically consists of cooked noodles with roasted sliced pork (Char Siu), slightly yoke gushing half-boiled egg and a dipping-soup that is full of depth and rich in taste. Ahhwww yeah...Tsujita Annex does it right! But not to forget mad props and thanks for the invite by fellow Yelp buddies Wan L and Tony L. Generally when we talk Ramen, most of us immediately consider soup base to be the only criteria in evaluating a ramen noodle dish, but this type of dish is designed to let people enjoy the noodle more than soup and promotes the noodle to be equally important if not more than the soup. The fun concept here is Tsukemen is served noodles and thick soup separately. Simply dip the noodles in this bomb-ass soup and enjoy! Hence, 'when I dip you dip we dip!' =P HOLLA!Don't get too excited as the crowds of people standing outside is interminable and by witnessing this is no secret that Tsujita Annex is one of the best Tsukemen that can be found in LA. Recommended Eats:Ajitama Tsukemen: Tsukemen with seasoned boiled egg and char siu ($10.95)IMO, this is certainly not less than perfect. The thick noodles are al dente with the right amount of chewy texture. The noodles are boiled just long enough to achieve this right level, not any less nor more. The dipping broth has depth in flavor and with the complex burst of flavors there is a very slight zesty hint but not compromising balanced sweetness.Ambiance:Very small well lit interior comprised of about roughly 2 dozen seats total. 10-12 seats bar setting.Parking:Neighborhood side or main street parking (some metered). Free after 6pm Mon-Sat and all day on Sun.Service:Friendly. Order is taken in advance while your name is still on the waiting list.Tip: Not to get confused with its sister location directly across the street. This one is next the hardware store and a karaoke bar. Peace.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,1/3/2014,215,196,9,11,10>Pretty bummed my review got lost on the phone app but here it is:Strolling through the Venice boardwalk, I run into Good See & am immediately greeted by staff then surprised at the immense selection of sunglasses.  For me, it's extremely hard to find some frames to fit my flat nose & have it look good.  Luckily for me, Reza was able to find me a pair of Tom Fords I just couldn't live without.  At the same time, one of his staffers, Oliver, also found a pair of Ditas I really liked as well.  Unfortunately, at the time I was only able to purchase the Tom Fords.  They didn't fit perfectly until Reza managed to contour it to my nose, cheeks and ears.  Of course, months later, I couldn't stop thinking about those Ditas & purchased them last week.  If you're like me & overly picky, Good See will open your eyes to new styles you thought you'd never be able to pull off & make you fall in love!For those who need an Rx with their sunglasses or for regular use, they do it on the spot, faster than any optometrist's office I've been to.  My friend, who's 'script is high, managed to get her Rx along with the "Fit-to-Face" customization within 20 mins.  With service like this, why would I mind driving here?Yes, Reza is like the sunglass Messiah of Venice Beach & will not sell you a pair of frames that look crappy on you.  Best part, no pressure to purchase (thank god).Do NOT expect $10 cheapie-break-the-next-week pair of frames here, quality only.  Be prepared to spend some time in here from trying everything on.  Happy shopping, Yelpers!
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,1/2/2014,194,160,8,17,13>I've passed this spot countless times without giving it a second thought.  My best bud was in town and craved their waffles (go figure, lol) so we came here.  And lucky me because breakfast was really delicious!  The menu has a great variety of options and tons of pancakes.  The pumpkin pancakes were so good -- fluffy, delicate and perfectly spiced, and slathered in butter just the way I like it!  Omelette was loaded with ingredients, though a bit overcooked.  And I loved their potatoes -- soft inside, crispy outside... mmm!!  Service was quick and attentive.  Prices are reasonable.  I definitely plan to come back, can't wait to sample the rest of the menu.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,1/1/2014,330,229,8,12,8>I yelped this place on a craving for oxtail stew and boy was I pleasantly surprised. I looked over the colorful menu and asked the host/server for a recommendation between the oxtail and the brown stew chicken. He said both of them were really popular. In the middle of my inner conflict, the owner walked by and whispered into my ear: "Go with brown stew chicken..." When a woman whispers a suggestion into your ear, there's no turning it down. I went with the brown stew chicken. Accompanying the chicken were steamed kale and vegetables. The stew chicken was so flavorful. The gravy tasted like dark heaven. After the solids were all gone. I mopped the gravy clean with the bread that was left. SOOOOOO FREAKIN GOOD. At the end of the meal, the host brought out a small piece of oxtail just so I can try it. I tipped them 33%. Great food, great service, great food. I'm coming back here again fo show.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,12/31/2013,130,532,17,19,19>Review #500!After finding out that there is a quieter room to the left of the main restaurant, this is now my favorite yakitori place in the South Bay. I've been here a couple times years ago but did not like how you can't really have a conversation because it's so loud! I will now always sit in the other room and enjoy my meal with friends. I think we ordered just about everything and it was all good. Especially the beef tongue and pork belly. I love that they also have a jar of yuzu pepper, I put that on everything. They also sell it too.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,12/30/2013,407,186,14,19,14>Mmmmm thank you for expanding to a location near me. I've already gained a few pounds since the opening day...So for anyone new to this place- basically, you weave your way through the crowd, grab the tongs and a tray, and fight for whatever goodies your heart desires. They have a wide selection of sweet and savory pastries.. it's definitely not limited at all. My favorites: Taro swirl, egg tart, brioche, milk pudding roll, and garlic cheese bread. But honestly, you can't really go wrong! I've purchased boxes full of anything that looks good and I've given it to my family and friends. They loved everything!If you want the fresh stuff, just stand there for a few minutes. When you hear FRESH BREAD.. FRESH BREAD!!!  make your way towards the worker. Sometimes you have to be aggressive since the fresh goodies disappear quick! That might be why it seems like they have a limited selection - they disappear before they make it into the shelves.Their cakes are a bit on the pricey side, but I think they are worth it. I bought a Tiramisu cake for my dad's birthday, and they even put an edible greeting on it! He enjoyed it very much, and I enjoyed it in my stomach. One of the best tiramisu's I've ever had!Overall, this bakery is the perfect place to overload on carbs and sweets, and great for gifts for that special somebody in your life. It's very spacious, clean, and beautiful inside. Plenty of seating inside and out. The staff is very friendly, welcoming, enthusiastic, and efficient. I love how everyone yells out FRESH BREAD - it makes me want to join the party. And although there are lines out the door at times, it moves pretty fast!!!I always leave 85c with a big fat smile on my face :)
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,12/29/2013,1682,713,35,29,30>Oh My BurgerIn Gardena, let meI couldn't resist, I had to let my diet stopOh MyThe Big Homie, let me wolf you downThere's so many ways to nosh on youThe Big Homie, I must cut you upIt's the only way to eat youGot me like, Oh My Burger, I'm so in loveWith the burgers that you serve, you make me want to sayOh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh ohOh oh, Oh My BurgerYou make me want to sayOh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh ohI fell in love with The Big Homie, when I seen it on the menuIt was calling me, taunting me, daring me to eat it wholeNever, ever has a burger hit me on the first sightThis was something special, this I knew I had to biteThe Big Homie got them patties like pow, pow, powThe Big Homie got some ingredients like wow, oh, wowOh My Buger, you know I'm lovin' your, lovin' your styleCheck, check, check, check, check-checkin' you out, likeOh, The Big Homie's got it allBacon, cheese, lettuce, onions, tomato and pickleDouble patties, I want it all and all and allThe Big Homie, let me wolf you downThere's so many ways to nosh on youThe Big Homie, I must cut you upIt's the only way to eat youGot me like, oh my gosh, I'm so fullI could eat only half of you, you make me want to sayOh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh ohOh oh, Oh My BurgerYou make me want to say, you make me want to sayOh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh ohWhen I saw Big Homie in the list of burgers in the storeThe Caliente Burger was a second, with jalapeño peppers, whoa!But The Big Homie was something special, this I knew I had to tryOh oh oh oh oh oh oh, out of sightFell in love with The Big Homie like my, oh myThe Big Homie, look, you're delicious with side of crispy friesThe Big Homie like a super-burger, my, oh myThe Big Homie, is so big I had to take half of it on the flyOh, The Big Homie's got it allBacon, cheese, lettuce, onions, tomato and pickleDouble patties, I want it all and all and allThe Big Homie, let me eat you wholeI simply want to nosh on youThe Big Homie, I must cut you upIt s the only way to swallow youGot me like, oh my gosh, was so fullDeep fried oreo cookies, Complimentary and totally cool,you make me want to sayOh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh oh ohOh oh, Oh My BurgerOh My Burger, oh my, oh myOh, O-oh My BurgerOh My BurgerI did it again, I had to break my dietO-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my myOh My BurgerO-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my myOh My BurgerO-o-oh my, o-o-oh my my my my my myOh My Burger!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,12/28/2013,612,413,7,13,8>This is a hidden gem in Lomita/Torrance/South Bay!!It's a cute Japanese-French bakery that serves cakes, cookies, and cream puffs!YOU MUST TRY THEIR BLACK SESAME CREAM PUFF!!! :D :D :DIt's on LA Weekly's List of 99 things you must eat before you die. It's one of the BEST desserts I've ever had. So light, fluffy, and the black sesame filling is not too sweet or too overpowering. Just perfect!They also have vanilla and chocolate cream puffs. The chocolate one is pretty good too! $2.95 each or they have a special where you can buy 5 for $12.95. WORTH IT! :)I have to come back and try one of their chocolate cakes.Parking: free, several spaces in the lotFYI, they accept credit cards but gotta spend $10.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,12/27/2013,431,476,19,15,14>Hold up. I'm gonna wax philosophy on you.This cute little shop embodies America: small business, providing good service, a great product at a reasonable price. The sandwiches are really tasty, i recommend 1 and 7. Eat here, unless you hate America.. you don't hate america, do you?
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,12/26/2013,329,217,7,10,9>This place is close to where I work, and I finally had a chance to check this place out. CRAB ARTICHOKE DIP- Heavenly. It was just rich and creamy enough without being overpowering, and the flat bread crisps it came with were a perfect accompaniment.CALAMARI- Okay. Too light for my taste-- the squid was sliced so thinly that I couldn't tell whether it was actually there or whether I was just eating fried batter, and it was very plain without the accompanying aioli and marinaraAHI CRUDO- Okay. A little plain, and the ahi was not the freshest I've had. BRUSCHETTA- Good. The tomato, basil, and pesto were very fragrant, but the bread could have been toasted more. LAMB EMPANADA- Good. The exterior could have been a little crispier, but I appreciated that the lamb wasn't too gamey. The pesto sauce was flavorful. MUSHROOM PIZZA- Good. I appreciated the thinness of the crust and the mushrooms were fragrant. It wasn't as cheesy as I expected but that worked out here. SEAFOOD PAELLA- Yummy. Moist and flavorful. You can pay an additional $7 each for shrimp, crab, or scallops. I got it with shrimp and found them to be smaller than expected and overcooked, however. TIRAMISU- Meh. I'm not even sure I would call it tiramisu. Rather than being a delicate, sophisticated dessert, it was like a sloppy piece of chocolate cake (almost the size of a piece of lasagna) soaked in rum, drizzled with chocolate sauce, and sprinkled with biscotti pieces. The cake was way too sweet, and the rum was overpowering (I felt myself get the Asian glow after just one bite).SEASONAL FRUIT COBBLER- Good. This one had fresh peaches in it, and I liked that it was not too sweet, but it wasn't anything to write home about (does anyone ever write home about cobblers though??)SICILIAN DONUTS- Okay. Comes with mascarpone cream and nutella dipping sauces, which I thought were unnecessary given the donuts were covered in sugar already. FYI, they are more like donut holes, and there are 6 per order. MANGO MOJITO- Good. I hardly ever drink, but when I do, it's usually a mango mojito. This one didn't taste mango-ey enough, and the mint leaves should have been muddled more. Nonetheless it was the perfect refreshment for a hot summer day. They have around 4 other flavors of mojitos, as well as other mixed drinks that sound pretty tasty, some of which can even be made skinny!Overall, I liked the food, romantic ambiance, and great service. I would definitely not mind going back, especially for that crab artichoke dip! Drool.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2013,12/25/2013,510,482,7,14,10>This garden is beautiful! Not going to lie though I was expecting a little more from the name of the place. It was smaller than I thought. However it was very darling and charming. It's not one of those places you drive to see, but if you're in the area and need to do some walking this is a good place to come.There's all kinds of flowers and scenery. They have a rose garden, a japanese koi pond, a mission area, and some picnic areas. They have their own parking lot but it's very small. Not really much to do other than admire the landscaping. The place is kept for clean. I came here with my parents and they enjoyed it very much. My favorite area was the koi pond. The fish were huge, and the resting area was nice.Beautiful place to take a short walk through. It will take you about an hour or less to go through the whole place while stopping to admire all the nooks and crannies.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,12/24/2013,164,176,5,6,6>This place is dirt cheap when you consider the surroundings. A true gem right next to UCLA. There's always a line but it's usually about a 20 min wait if you can handle that. It's cash only too, which I had no idea until I stood right in front of the register with shocked eyes because I'm one of those fools that is so dependent on my debit card I never carry any actual money but my fiance does so that helps. An ice cream sandwich cost $1.75 and the cookies are some of the best. The ice cream is great but if you put anything other than vanilla, it's just too rich overall. A dozen cookies of any variety cost $4 and we ate them in 2 days. Sorry belly but thank you Diddy! I'll be back for more.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,12/23/2013,561,853,6,13,9>OUTSTANDING cookies, bars, pies.....with shortbread being a specialty base of most items.... who doesn't love buttery, melt-in-your-mouth crumbly shortbread?  Then add chocolate, caramel, peanut butter, lemon, ginger peach, apple blueberry, or rocky road (to name but a few), and you get all kinds of delectable yummies in a variety of cookies, bars, and mini-pies.  WONNNNNNNNNNNDERFUL stand-out flavors, the perfect balance of salt with sugar, amazing shortbread, and bottom line is, I love this place.  Located in Westwood, conveniently next door to a favorite Middle Eastern place we just discovered, Bella Pita, this Eat Sweets Pastry Shop is well worth the detour if you're not from this part of town.  I am quite smitten with this fabulous shop of baked goods.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,12/22/2013,397,211,9,12,12>Happy to have a Yard House in the westside.  As much as I love the unique restaurants and cafes scattered all around, it's nice to see a familiar chain that generally has consistently good food.  It is located in the newly renovated shopping center on Maxella, and though parking doesn't specify you can enter through the Gelson's entrance (as I passed it and had to go to the other entrance closer to the movie theater).  I just ordered the classic burger and a glass of wine, and they cooked the beef as I had requested.  The fries could of used a little more salt though.  Service was great, and definitely a great place for large groups with ample and free parking-that's a rarity in west la.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,12/21/2013,306,419,11,9,12>So much could have gone wrong. I mean, a chicken hamburger from a "tempura house"? Nothing about it sounded right. It's that damn "HAM" in "hamburger." Why not just call it a chicken burger? Wait, is this a chicken burger? But then why would a tempura house have chicken burgers? Nothing made any damn sense. Which is why I had to try it.And sure enough, this thing made complete and total sense to my mouth. "Chicken hamburger? More like Japanese chicken meatloaf," I tried mumbling over the mouthfull of tastiness. A cheap, tasty, take-out option (although cash only) on Sawtelle? They hit it out of the park.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,12/20/2013,90,418,7,16,11>I always come here for a few chocolates as a treat, but I finally tried the caprese sandwich today, and it was amazing! Super light and fresh, and the croissant was really buttery and flaky. Don't let the name "lady chocolatt" fool you - this is a cafe that serves breakfast, lunch, and even a light dinner if you are so inclined. They have coffee, belgian waffles, ice cream, smoothies, delicious sandwiches, and quiches.The chocolates of course are wonderful as well, and they have lots of unique flavors. My favorites are the Pear William and Grand Marnier marzipan.The cafe is small, but there are a couple tables in front, and a little patio with tables that you can't see from the street. This is SUCH a great little place, but can be easily overlooked as a cafe due to its name and how small it is. I promise, you won't be disappointed if you come here!PS: Check in on Yelp and get 10% off!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,12/19/2013,797,1031,6,9,7>Another solid Hawaiian spot in Gardena.I've been frequenting Ladybug quite a but lately thanks to the variety of combos and the teriyaki sauce!  It actually reminds me of the sauce at Island Hut in Lomita... or vice versa?  Usually I go for the salmon & marinted chicken combo and ask for extra sauces.  The sauce is a bit saltier than other places, but I don't mind that too much.  I just eat more rice :P  With combos, it comes with either miso soup or a soda.There's your usual katsu, marinated beef & chicken, salads, and curry, but I really like the options they have with seafood, like rolls, mackerel, and even unagi!The salad dressing is also pretty good with a nice peppery note!Parking is a huge mess during weekday lunch.  Usually I just order on the phone to-go so I can get in & out as fast as possible.  They take credit card!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,12/18/2013,178,217,15,29,16>Last night, I went out for drinks with friends, only to come home to a front door that wouldn't open. My key would not turn at all when I put it in the door. AT 2 AM. I mean, for fuck's sake, I didn't even lock myself out, my house locked ME out! After sleeping in my neighbor's spare bedroom and breaking into my house in the morning through the patio, I google all sorts of lock repair keywords and attempt to fix/lube/tap/voodoo/pray my lock back to working order. No dice. Defeated, I search Yelp for locksmiths, prepared to pay some serious premiums for needing service on a Sunday. What I actually find are a variety of voicemails, because nobody is even working today. HELL. Finally, I call Eric's (I was a bit concerned with some of the bad reviews/drama, so I didn't call them first) and explain my problem. After a few detailed questions, Shaoul(?) tells me he's pretty sure he knows what's wrong, it should be no more than $85, and he can be there in 90 minutes. Cool.Fast forward less than an hour, and he has arrived. In like 15 minutes, the lock is working perfectly, and he says this lock is now guaranteed, so EVEN IF I LOCK MYSELF OUT, just call them. What?! Wow. Yes. I told him that many Yelp reviews mention a $10 Yelp discount, and he knocked $10 off the invoice, no problem. Overall, I couldn't be happier with how that went, so if I were you, I'd give them a call. Note: The hours listed on Yelp don't show this, but their business card says 24 hours a day, any day.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,12/17/2013,185,234,8,13,11>I don't give out 5 stars to many restaurants but 26 Beach definitely deserves it. I've dined here many times for lunch and dinner but this past Saturday was my first brunch experience. I LOVE IT!I live fairly close to the restaurant so we decided to walk instead of driving. Beautiful day. We were seated right away.  I think we beat the brunch and lunch crowd. I ordered the Crab Royale scramble. It was delicious!!! It had fresh crab, avocado, bacon and cheese and scrambled eggs place over a bed of perfectly cooked brown rice. He ordered the Breakfast Sandwich. Wow...egg, avocado, bacon, lettuce, tomato, cheese...with French fries. The yolk was oozing when you cut the sandwich in half. It was so tasty! The ambiance in the patio/garden area was nice and calm and relaxing. Our server was cool too. I'm pretty sure 26 Beach will now be on my list of brunch places to go on the weekends.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,12/16/2013,151,184,11,14,12>I thought restaurants like this were a dying breed in Los Angeles. The staff welcomed us like we were coming over for Christmas dinner. Coupled with a beach-front patio, heat lamps, and an amazing cobbler; this place was the total package. Right from the start, the hostess introduced herself and told my pregnant wife she looked beautiful. Happy wife is a happy life! She had a name tag on and still introduced herself. We appreciated the little things. What really caught my attention was the modern interior amd cabin-like feel to the restaurant. The cutting boards on the wall was something ive never seen before and flowed well with the style of the restaurant and hotel. The unique half-moon bar was also a nice touch. It looked like something out of an ESQUIRE magazine. All it needed was the cast of Ocean's Eleven drinking martinies. The food was stupid-amazing. The calamari was better than that of The Charthouse. The chef even roasted our lemon wedge leaving beautiful grill marks on the inside of the lemon. Pretty cool lookin! The wife had the breakfast enchiladas. I couldn't tell you what the heck were in these bad-boys but she didn't talk for ten minutes, which means she was in her happy place. Again, happy wife is a happy life! I had the burger; hangover style. That means it had a fried egg and bacon on it. DAMN. That's really all I can say is, "DAMN!" All of our servers were fantastic. Even the manager came over to see how we were doing. Hell, even the bus boy was outgoing and happy. Maybe they were handing out lottery tickets in the kitchen.I'm telling you people, this place was firing on all cylinders. I can't wait to go back. It's great for locals too,
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2013,12/15/2013,400,155,15,18,17>La Esperanza specializes in Latin American ( not particularly Mexican ) foods.  That would include Salvadorian, Guatamalan and other South American countries' cuisine.   I had my first "pupusa" there & it was wonderful, delicate and toasty - a kind of comfort food the way I had it - only stuffed with beans.  They make many versions with different fillings, and there are a number of different hot sauces and condiments you can add yourself. I also enjoyed the lightly pickled cabbage, carrots  & onions  they bring to the table for you to use as a topping or a side.   I'm not sure if there were onions - it was a mild taste, but crunchy and juicy.I had hoped to have a Salvadorian Tamale.   They make a number of different kinds of tamales ( in addition to a large and varied menu )  but the one I wanted had bell pepper in the stuffing, and I'm allergic so couldn't have it.     I did try another type of tamale and remember enjoying it, but don't remember the filling.   The masa outer part was soft, moist and very tasty -  something akin to  sweet corn "spoon bread."I also got to try their chile verde sauce ( hot temperature but not extremely spicy )  and couldn't get enough of it !    It appears they also have a bakery with the same name next door.  Very friendly wait staff too. I didn't sample  very many things on my first visit, so am eager to go again.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,12/14/2013,202,198,5,8,8>As always... Brittany throws one HECK of a partay!  The white theme was super fun with the girls looking gorgeous and the guys looking very proper. There were three candid photographers, a photo booth and a red carpet photographer. Not to mention the RED CARPET!  Lol. The space was REALLY nice. Definitely spacious and elegant.  The food was pretty good. An nice offering but I don't think they expected all of us. Things ran out early on and we were waiting on replacements. The drinks were great and plentiful.  All in all I feel super privileged to attend these events AND I caught Brittany this time to say hello. She was looking spectacular as always. Thanks Brittany and Yelp. I'm very excited for the next event. Woot!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,12/13/2013,232,243,8,9,7>May and Yen have changed my life! Now I confess... I'm a BIG creature of habit when it comes to beauty routines.. When I find something I like I STICK with it. And sadly, my last manicurist schedule has become very erratic.. so when I just a quick mani-pedi I've had to resort to testing out newbies... Which always turned out with cuts over my cuticles.. booooo!So after seeing a couple of my YELP buddies try this place out, I decided to give it a try! AND I AM SO GLAD I DID!!!Now I can only speak to the work from May + Yen - but they did an amazing job!! Who would have thought this small space next to Vons would be such a little gem! I came in midday Wednesday and inside, the vibe is definitely zen... with soft music in the background and the food network on mute.. I caught two episodes of pioneer woman. I bet I can make a pork roast and rope some cattle now.. anyways i digress.. May did my french manicure ($15) which came out flawless.. exactly what I wanted! See pics! And since my toesies needed a little TLC, I opted to get the deluxe french pedicure (32?) and it included a great scrub down with bath salts and a deep hydrating mask over my feet! And since I wear sandals all the time, I really needed this! Yen hooked me up with the cutest french pedicure, and it was PAIN FREE. I KID YOU NOT! Now my toes are not your typical long and slender type.. they are SHORT AND STUBBY. But TA-DA! Yen made my feet look beautiul!I ended up splurging a little this time around, but it was all quality work. I will definitely be back!!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2013,12/12/2013,235,206,9,11,11>I give credit where credit is due. I went into Linberg nutrition and felt compelled to update my previous review. I was looking for a protein supplement and they have 100's or more there. An employee helped me out and was able to explain to me why I should pick one brand versus the other. He answered all of my questions in a very factual manner.The store has an abundance of products, but choosing the right one is vital to my health and my wallet. I felt comfortable with the rational they provided when making my selection. I must say the staff at Lindberg totally upped their game. I found staff to be professional, knowledgeable, and willing to help. They did not tell me what to buy, but they knew a lot  about their products and that to me is great customer service.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/11/2013,594,225,15,18,17>Nothing puts a damper on your weeknights like crunch time at the office.  During these times, you can just say sayonara to:- Happy hour specials- Gym workouts- TV series marathons - Any reminiscence of a social life whatsoever.  But what I really like about late nites at the office is getting delivery via LAbite.  LAbite has a great restaurant selection.  The website is super easy to use and allows you to personalize your order.  My fav feature is the delivery tracker so I know just what's happening to my order at all times.  There's even a map so I know how many miles away my driver is!Sure delivery and convenience fees are tacked onto your order and the website defaults a 15% tip, but who cares if your company is paying for it, right? :P
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,12/10/2013,1939,571,15,20,18>With great drinks, fresh seafood, and attentive service, Fishing With Dynamite is able to blow many competitors out of the water (hyuk hyuk).  The bf and I had dinner at FWD recently and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.  We didn't have reservations and we were told that the wait for a table was over an hour; luckily, two seats at the bar opened up right after we arrived.  Sitting at the bar was great, because we were able to survey most of the dining room, chat with the bartenders, and watch the mixology magic happen as well.  First of all, they make some excellent drinks here.  We tried the Branding Iron first: a beer flip w/ oro acholado, egg, vanilla, nutmeg & witte bier.  It was frothy and delicious! I compared it to a summery, beer egg nog.  We also tried the Innocents Abroad, since I love passion fruit and I overheard Derek, one of the awesome bartenders, telling another customer that they make their own fresh puree.  It was light and refreshing, but not terribly exciting.  On to the food!We just had to try a few fresh oysters, so upon our server's rec, we ordered 2 west coast oysters (Shigoku) and 2 east coast (Salutation).  We chose the Ponzu and the Mignonette as our two sauces.  Both types of oysters were excellent, although I preferred the round, plump chewiness of the Shigoku.  The mignonette was nice, and you also get fresh horseradish on the side.  Next, we shared the Seared Diver Scallops, Grilled Octopus, the Spicy Albacore Tuna Tartare, and Chef David's Mom's Cape Cod Squash Rolls.  We agreed that the scallops were quite possibly the most perfectly cooked scallops we had encountered, and the white corn puree underneath was smooth, silky, and flavorful.  The grilled octopus was also perfectly cooked, and the date-tomato ragu was delicious, although I didn't completely love the cranberry beans (never heard of those before).  The tartare was pretty basic, but I enjoyed the housemade shrimp chips that came with it.  Derek was nice enough to bring extra when he overheard how much I liked them.  Surprisingly, the rolls were a standout item of the meal.  They were yeasty, dense, and simply amazing with that rosemary butter.  I would love to keep a stash of those at home for my breakfast.  FWD is a solid fresh seafood spot, with a lively atmosphere and friendly staff.  Derek took such good care of us, we hardly had to ask for anything.  The people watching also became very entertaining as the night continued (ahem, drunk chicks ordering BUD LIGHT behind us then having very racy conversation).  Although I definitely prefer to have both hot and cold dishes, I couldn't help eyeing the tables that ordered various cold seafood platters, which looked fantastic.  We can't wait to make a return trip and bring friends to FWD.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,12/9/2013,338,875,12,17,14>5 stars for their yellow curry = 5 stars from me.I got their delivery service, so I can't rate them on very many of the other things that I usually can - ease of parking, wait time, service, etc.But on food alone, this was a fantastic choice. The yellow curry was thick and creamy and on the sweet side, which is pretty much hitting the mark for me. The chicken was good, and very clearly all-white meat. Just watch out for some pieces that might be a little underdone. I love that they also serve cream cheese wontons. I know it's a totally Americanized offering, but I still get excited when I see it on a menu.Their fare is definitely on the health conscious side, but they haven't sacrificed taste or texture for it.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,12/8/2013,332,301,4,8,7>This is just what I needed--a fun, casual Sunday doing my favorite things: eating delicious food, drinking wine, listening to live music, hanging out with my fiance and looking at the gorgeous ocean!Rosenthal Wine Bar and Patio is a place we have driven by many times and never stopped--now we will definitely be back! Their patio is so nice and I love the live music on the weekends. They even allow you to bring in outside food! Their service is fantastic! There was always someone coming around pouring drinks and chatting with us. They are great!The two food trucks were awesome. My favorite was La Frite. The guy taking orders was fun to talk to, friendly and also hooked us up with carrot cake which was delicious. He even made me a veggie burger slider. My fiance loved the sliders. The fries were soooo good. They also had creme brulee which ran out so we didn't get to try it and a Caesar salad they were offering. Komodo had Asian inspired soft tacos and i loved that they had a veggie option with the Soi Taco. EOS handmade chocolate was amazing and the owner was so sweet. I have never had ginger chocolate before and it was amazing! Duke's had tuna tartare which I am pretty sure my fiance had like 5 of. rave reviews.Olive bar... Yummy!!Also, Richard Cohen, the live musician was fantastic!!We will definitely be back for our free tasting plus more. Thank you Brittany B for putting on such an amazing event as always!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,12/7/2013,777,268,15,18,15>Yes to all the critics out there and their complaints. There are some issues with run off/pollution from the city after it rains; it gets crowded on weekends; it is hard to get to for the majority of SoCal residents; parking costs a little bit; and it is cold in the mornings until the fog burns off.  All valid points, and reasons you should all stay away.  But for those of us that enjoy the Pacific Ocean and this beach it is awesome.  Awesome running path, uncrowded during the week, in the morning, in the weekday evenings, and pretty much anytime until the crush of weekend spoilers arrive.  This is a great place to eat lunch with your significant on pretty much any weekday.  Just walk, drive , or bike, bring a blanket and your picnic basket and enjoy Natures beauty, clean air, and a cool ocean breeze; perfect!  I know better beaches, and probably won't advertise them on Yelp, but this is a great place as long as you pick the right time to visit.  They also regularly run skimmers along the beach to pick up all the trash many visitors leave behind.  Great for kids and adults alike.  I used to run here at my lunch hour, but have since moved my office.  They also used to film Baywatch here for those that might remember.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,12/6/2013,400,239,12,18,15>If you love uni, this place is like a dream come true. I'm surprised I hadn't heard about it sooner. Not only are the uni and sashimi here incredibly fresh, but the prices are almost cheap. Their sushi dons (bowls of rice with sashimi on top) are all around or less than $20. I recommend the Nigiyaka bowl, which has everything. Two pieces of uni sushi is only $7, whereas at most restaurants it would be double that. My friend liked the uni pasta, which was also a pretty good deal at $13 (although there wasn't a lot of uni there). There weren't many tables inside, but there was't a wait when we went at 7:30. Service was fine enough. Downside is that it was FREEZING. We probably would have stayed and ordered more stuff if we weren't dying from the cold. Maybe that was a one time thing. Will have to go back and try the Kaiseki Course.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,12/5/2013,425,389,10,15,12>I am a fan of Audrey Kawasaki. But that isn't the reason why I'm giving this place a great rating.The hole-in-the-wall Japanese Izakaya is right next door to Go GO Juice. Mrs Kawasaki was very welcoming and she treated us like she would treat a friend. She was fun to talk to and was checking up on us every now and then.The place was pretty empty because we showed up pretty late on a weekday. All the food we tried were comforting and filling. We ordered yamaimo tempura, yummy meatballs, and my FAVORITE was their mushrooms cooked in butter topped with some bonito!They have karaoke so I'll def come back for that with a group of friends!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,12/4/2013,34,174,19,10,9>GO BIG OR GO HOME! If you're not gonna get all the fixings then you don't deserve to call your puny cup a GLORIOUS mangonada! (Aka chamoyada)-  2 flavors of sorbet?! OH SHIZ! Don't play with me cause I will cut you! (There are so many flavors from kiwi to your regular strawberry, mango, watermelon, or more special flavors like the jamaica hibiscus and guyabano.)- Tell them you want DAT CHAMOY SAUCE lining the sides of your cup, the bottom of your cup, and on top of the first scoop of sorbet after they put it in! Trust me! - Yes you betta add dat fresh cut mango! Sweet and fruity texture for your mangonada!- Yes you betta add dat fresh squeezed lime! Some sour contrast to your sweet sorbet!- Yes you betta add dat CHILI POWDER! To effin kick the shiz out of your taste buds and show you what real flavor is all about!- And oh hells yes you betta add dat tamarind stick (or two!) cause it multi-tasks as an edible straw!- And HELLZ TO THE YES YOU BETTA DRENCH DAT MANGONADA WITH DAT CHAMOY SAUCE ON TOP!Shiz son! Whatchu know bout DAT CHAMOY SAUCE. If you also grew up in the hood like me, then you know you bought lucas from your ghetto azz local liquor store..and you know dat shiz was DA BOMB. I mean sweet, spicy, sour, and salty all in one creamy dreamy sexy sauce! Seriously, I don't think I can ever eat a singularly sweet dessert again after this mangonada! It's the perfect dessert for multifaceted palettes that are not easily entertained with single-note flavor profiles. SWEET. SALTY. SPICY. SOUR. ZESTY. FRESH. PERFECTION.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,12/3/2013,5000,856,11,21,17>A couple of weeks ago I saw a 'Living Social' deal for Magicopolis and after reading the reviews on Yelp I purchased a couple of tickets. The show starts at 8:00pm but the doors open at 7:00pm. At 7:00pm people gather in the bar and watch the bartender do magic tricks. My girlfriend and I are not drinkers so we skipped this portion of the show. We arrived at Magicopolis at 7:50pm for the showing at 8:00pm and had no problems cashing in our 'Living Social' voucher for actual tickets. After you have received your ticket you gather in a waiting area and wait to be called into the theater. Once you are called into the theater it is first come, first serve seating. If you want to be part of the show sit in the middle and close to the stage and you can guarantee you will be part of the show. I am not going to give away any of the show here in the review but if you really want to be part of the show and want to impress your date make sure you have a $100 dollar bill in your pocket, you will thank me later. The Magicopolis Theater is not big and it is not small, it is the perfect size for an amazing magic show, 150 seats to be exact. The magic show itself it amazing, Magician Steve and Magician Boneza put on an amazing show. They both feed off of each other very well. I truly found Magician Steve to be quite witty and he made me laugh out loud a couple of times during the show. The magic itself was pretty mind blowing. You are sitting on top of these magicians as they pull these amazing tricks and at the end of the trick you are simply mind blown on how they did what they just did. This isn't Vegas with smoke and mirrors this is right there in front of your eyes, close enough for you to reach out and touch them and the magicians and still able to pull off all the tricks without a flaw or hiccup. The show is broken down in two 45 minute segments with a 15 minute intermission in between. Magicopolis offers several shows but if you are an adult I suggest you attend the Friday or Saturday night show at 8:00pm and you will guarantee you will hear a little adult humor as well as a more adult themed act (I was told this by the Magicopolis staff hen I made my reservation). If you have children you might want to call ahead and see what time the children orientated shows are performed. I would say any show is good for family members but one tends to be better than the other. If you are looking for a local magic show with a great deal of history behind it give this place a shot. You simply cannot beat the current deal on 'Living Social' to see this show, two tickets for $34, that is cheaper than going to the movies these days will supporting a local business like Magicopolis. You will not be disappointed. I have seen the Penn & Teller, The Amazing Johnathan and several magic shows in Las Vegas where I paid well over $100 a ticket and left a little disappointed but not at this show. I would of easily of paid a lot more than I did for Magicopolis than I did. I think chances are high that I would come back and see this show again. My GF and I had a blast, TY Magician Steve and Magician Boneza=)If you are traveling here by car make sure you park in Parking Structure #5 which is located a few doors down from Magicopolis.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,12/2/2013,234,238,11,20,16>Santouka Ramen is one of the top Ramen houses in Japan as well as L.A. I have been a customer of their West LA location for many years. This is my first visit to their Torrance location. They are located inside the Mitsuwa Marketplace in Torrance just like they are in the West LA Mitsuwa. The shop is a simple counter with a couple of attendants who speak minimal or no English. The service is simple in a "Soup Nazi" kind of way, ramen only, cash only and Japanese only. L.A. is a town where everyone fights for attention. Shinsengumi is super "kitschy" and all the employees shout out greetings to customers. Daikokuya (Sawtelle) has cool decor and looks like a Tokyo back alley. Tsujita has tsukemen with soup so strong, it will jump up and slap you in the face. Orochon has the spicy challenge that will burn your head off. Santouka is the "Ninja" of ramen in L.A., the silent killer bowl of yummy goodness. Santouka, just keeps it low key and has steadily pumped out fantastic ramen since the 90's. Their key to success is their mild, pearl-colored Tonkotsu soup. They make their 20 hour soup stock with pork bones, vegetables, dried fish, and kelp. The gritty residue at the bottom of a finished bowl of noodles is evidence of the disintegrated pork bones of a good 20 hour soup stock. The flavor of the soup is very subtle and understated. It's a taste that seems to grow with every spoonful. They combine their soup with medium thick, slightly curly ramen noodles, plump slow-cooked cha-shu pork slices, bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms and a hand full of thinly sliced scallions to make a delicious combination.Your choices for ramen are simple. Pick a size, small, medium or large bowl. Pick a soup style of either, salt flavor (original soup), shoyu (soy added), miso (miso paste added), miso spicy (miso and spice added). Once you decide on the ramen, it gets more complicated. You get to choose from a bunch of combos with different rice bowls and side dishes. All the combos also come with a hard boiled soy egg (I personally prefer a soft boiled egg which they do not offer). Some of the other ramen houses will challenge you with big bold flavors, but after a fling, you'll want to come home to the comfort of the velvety, soft and smooth taste of Santouka.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,12/1/2013,209,142,10,12,10>Loved it. I tried 5 dishes and all 5 were 5 stars (Katsu, Potato Salad, Fried Prawn, Agedashi Tofu, and White Rice). This is the kind of Japanese food I love.Food 5/5Three of us shared the 3 katsu combo with these flavors: Nanban, Garlic, and Original. All three were amazing soft and fried to perfection. I liked the fried prawns (2 piece) even more. The potato salad with sausage and egg may be the best I've ever had. If you like soft and wet Japanese rice then you'll love the rice at Kimukatsu.Service 5/5We were greeted by a friendly waitress who brought the food and recommendations with a smile. The manager stopped by to say hi, too. Very friendly. Care was taken to make sure the presentation of the food was classy, too.Price 4/5The prices are similar to those in Japan which means very expensive. 3 katsu cutlets were $39. If the prices were better, I might go every week. Parking 4/5Valet was easy. I recommend it because the parking lot was a mess of cars circling and waiting. I don't have the patience for that.Atmosphere 5/5Besides the amazing food and service, Kimukatsu had a clean and new vibe. It was busy, but not too loud. Both tables to our side were quiet Japanese couples and it's nice to sit in the small room on the side.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,11/30/2013,1437,1829,12,14,13>This place is good.   I wasn't too worried about the location, and the restaurant is big.  I'll start off with what I loved about Eatalian.  Their gelato!  Every flavor is probably great although I only sampled two.  My favorite is the Biscotto!  And just so you know, they hand make their Gelatos in the restaurant!Also their pizzas were good.  I tried a few different pizzas and they were all pretty much the same.  Although there were different toppings on each, what I liked about the pizza was the crust for all of them.  It wasn't too oily and there wasn't too much cheese on them.Their penne pasta was good.  Their Gnocchi with pesto was okay.  But I'm not really a gnocchi type of person.  I enjoyed the food here, but not enough to go out of my way to drive here.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,11/29/2013,719,388,18,18,16>Service was very welcoming, the wine was good, and the pours--as Yelper Ashley M. put it--were MASSIVE. Food was hit & miss, but let's face it... It's not Sara The Food Bar.Cirroc, Sara's husband, was manning the counter and kept the patrons entertained. The guy is a total character and spent the majority of the time topping people off, making sure everyone was happy, and keeping the tracks in line with the mood. The music was particularly good, here. Hip-hop and such... Really chill.What really shocked me is that the house red didn't suck, as so many house reds do. It was smooth, subtle, and just right. It ended up pairing well with the Bruschetta, as well as the Margherita Flatbread Pizza. Won't be going down Pizza Avenue again, but the Bruschetta was among the best I've had in the city. Salty, Sour, Sweet... Just right.If you get a chance to come here for a mellow evening, go for it. My friend and I were sending a friend from out-of-town back to the airport, stopped here first, and let's just say that Cirroc took it upon himself to make sure she was going to get some rest on her flight back to Jersey. That is NOT to say he neglected my friend and I (quite the contrary), but my outta-town friend was kept more well-lubed than an F1 engine. She barely made it to her flight, as the story goes... BUT, she made it.It's worth a visit. Yeah, it's in an odd, almost isolated area, but it's EASILY accessible. Literally, one block and two turns from the 405 (N or S) exit. TINY parking lot, but lots of parking in the neighborhood just down Mesmer. Do it!.... Go there! You won't regret it.CIRROC, you're a nut. You're a lucky guy. You love your job... You love your wine... You love your music. Keep doing what you're doing, because you and your lady "have a  thing.... going on" here, at Sara The Wine Bar. Thanks for your hospitality, thanks for treating our out-of-town friend with such familiar kindness, and I look forward to my next visit. Cheers!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,11/28/2013,2650,519,26,34,28>**THE BEST LOUNGE IN SANTA MONICA**Come prepared. COME EARLY. And come with an expectation to have fun from DUSK TIL DAWN. Trust me you will have a blast. There were 7 of us. We went on a Saturday at 8pm. There were no lines.Inside was already packed. The place was definitely happening. There was a mixed group of people and mixed ages...20's to 40's. Lots of eye candy for the boys and lots of eye candy for the ladies. I thought I had a shot of kamikaze. My friend said I had 3 (c/o Tony the New Yorker). Had a really good Pinot....but don't remember the name. My friend reminded that Tony bought us 2 more rounds of wine. But I don't remember. The bathroom line was long but we formed our own line (from the other end). Some girls got mad but we were all hammered and everything worked out anyways. I was talking to everyone. Met some really cool people and a few crazy fun incidents. My friends came to the rescue....phew!**I REALLY HAD A BLAST**This place gets more fun as it gets later. We did not realize when it was last call at 2am. I woke up with a huge headache the next day. I don't remember the conversations I had but I will not forget the fun times.We parked at the structure down the street on Arizona.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,11/27/2013,275,195,26,29,28>What would it take to get carb-sational breakfast foods to come to us on a Sunday? Sloth, gluttony, an app, a credit card, and a $3 delivery fee? Just do it already!Of course, Cafe 50s' classic diner feel can only be experienced and enjoyed in person, and one always has to pay for convenience, but there's a certain allure to staying in bed for (almost) another lazy hour. "Chicken Fried Steak" (4/5) - Everything needed a quick reheat, including this Chicken Fried Steak. It's one of those extra greasy beef cube steaks, with just as much breading as there is meat. We love it this way! Keep munching, and you'll find each bite gets better than the last one - no tugging at the teeth or pulling is ever necessary. Cafe 50's makes a pretty good milk gravy, too. "Biscuits and Gravy" (4.5/5) - Speaking of gravy, we should probably stop eating like this, but Cafe 50's take on biscuits and gravy could be our favorite thing on their breakfast menu. Tall and puffy, these biscuits have a texture that make them just the right sponge for gravy."Banana Walnut Pancakes" (2/5) - Where are the fresh nanners? There simply aren't enough bananas cooked into these cakes to guarantee much monkey-pleasing flavor. It's as if they had to stretch half a banana over three hotcakes, with extra walnuts thrown in to compensate. The texture and flavor balance were definitely lacking here, but with a little help from syrup, we did our best with them anyway. At some point, we fell out of Bru's Wiffle's delivery range, which was a bitter blow to us since we're waffle lovers (especially of the kind that magically appear at our door). Breakfast is usually the easiest meal to make, but on weekends or holidays, sometimes you just don't feel like creating a stack of dishes to go with your first meal of the day. Cafe 50's is a little too pricey for what it is, but again, sometimes convenience wins out. And honestly, we'd be monsters not to love 'em anyway for delivering us a big breakfast on a busy Sunday morning. 3.5 stars.--For more about lunch or dinner at Cafe 50's, be sure to check out a few good yelps by Michael S., Rho L., and Javier J. at yelp.com/biz/cafe-50s-lo….
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2013,11/26/2013,140,181,11,12,10>The 4 star rating is strictly because of the praline cheesecake: I've had Harriet's bookmarked for a while now. But lately my Yelp friends have been on a cheesecake spree so I joined in. I got the banana pudding and of course the praline. Banana pudding is my favorite dessert so I had to try it. Let's just say it wasn't nasty but it looks better than it is. The next day I tried the praline which was smothered in caramel sauce and praline bits. I'm not huge on cheesecake which is why I hadn't tried Harriet's in such a long time but this damn cheesecake was on hit. It was so good that I will definitely be back to get another $6.50 slice and maybe try another flavor as well. Puffy could send me here and I'll get him a slice after I buy mine first.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,11/25/2013,1855,673,11,15,14>My unfettered joy has no bounds!  Rita's in SoCal?  Say what now? In Redondo?  Oh yeah?I give it 5 stars purely because it has so much sentimental value, growing up on this stuff, and let's face it, I'm very much a sentimental gal.  Anyway, it's about time people on the west coast get to experience what a Gelati is - smooth, thick, dense water ice layered with dollops of custard inbetween and on top.  It really doesn't get any better than this.I did notice that the flavors here are definitely muted and lighter than in Philly (which is more concentrated - even the colors).  Almost a little too watered down but I'll take what I can get here in LA.  Island Fusion is a refreshing flavor but a little too perfumey and artificial tasting so I stuck with the tried and true - Mango Water Ice & Vanilla Custard - my favorite combo.Cherry is good if you want a bit more punch.Location: in a strip mall plaza on the PCH with a PetCo and an outdated small Whole Foods and nail salonsParking: free parking lot
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,11/24/2013,870,341,13,17,17>CLOSED ON MONDAY AND TUESDAY. that needs to be definitely changed!honey boba just opened on friday, october 18 of this year finally after being delayed for 2 months! there needs to be a lot of changes. there was only one register in the whole store with one girl working the cashier and 20+ people in line. it was pretty confusing because there aren't any menus posted on the walls. the menu comes in a mini pamphlet which are found in a little cup outside the store. the menus are pretty tiny so make sure you bring some glasses!the ambiance is very modern. there are sparkling glass chandeliers hanging from the ceiling. the seats are huge and comfortable. there is a lot of space in here! great to come and study or hang out with friends! they even have free wifi! the store is pretty loud since the blenders keep going and going. it's taking about 15 minutes just to receive a drink.i ordered lychee black iced tea with boba and it was delicious! i forgot to ask for half sugar but im glad i didn't because the drink was made perfectly! i didn't think it was too sweet. the boba was nice and chewy! im so in love with honey boba! definitely going to be my new boba joint!the only downside about honey boba is the fact that the cups are extremely huge and it won't fit in your cup holder!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,11/23/2013,253,588,13,23,21>So stoked! Not one but TWO full pages of vegan items in the menu :)We walked in and were immediately greeted and seated by the friendly host. The atmosphere is casual, dark, and wood chips are sprinkled on the floor.They serve complimentary garlic rolls. After they set a basket filled with garlic rolls on our table, I noticed on the menu that Vegan Garlic Rolls and whipped Earth Balance Vegan Butter is available upon request. So when our super helpful and very sweet server came back, she said those are complimentary as well and that it will take about 15 minutes to make. Well worth the wait! bit.ly/13gSGz3The Vegan Rolls came out at the same time with our Vegan Southwestern Pizza. It had BBQ pizza sauce topped with BBQ vegan chicken, red onions and fresh cilantro. Our server gave me the option between two brands of vegan cheese: Daiya or Follow Your Heart. I went with the Daiya vegan mozzarella. The small 11" pizza was more than enough food for my mom and I and it cost about $17. bit.ly/14c2Dx0We were in a hurry to catch a show so I bought our desserts to go. They carry vegan cookies and vegan brownies by Sensitive Sweets in Fountain Valley. For $3.25 each, I got one brownie, one chocolate chip cookie, and one snickerdoodle.For all that yummy vegan food we got, my mom was surprised that our bill was just under $30! I was shocked as well. I really like this place! Obviously I need to make more trips out to the valley. Like I said, they have TWO pages worth of vegan items for me to check out :)
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,11/22/2013,2371,1713,44,52,50>5-star Venue5-star Elites5-star +Ones5-star Drinks5-star Service5-star Food5-star Atmosphere5-star Art5-star Conversation5-star CM Brittany5-star Band5-star Music5-star Dancing5-star New Friends5-star Old Friends5-star Parking5-star Garden5-star Views5-star Pics5-star Date Night=Night of 100 starsMy math may be off, but queue the trumpets ... 'cause Caribbean Night at the Getty just might of been Yelp's first-ever 100-star elite event ... one star for each of the hundred elite.Who wouldn't love being at the Getty, eating soft Tri-Tip, drinking Sierra Nevada (or wine), and hangin' with Yelpers? The band never seemed to stop and neither did the laughter, conversations, arrival of more food, or good times. Mad love and respect to Brittany, the rest of the LA West crew, and Katie for hosting and bringing to reality Yelp's Night of a Hundred Stars at the Getty.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/21/2013,745,315,8,11,12>What a beautiful place to come to for lunch on a sunny day!!!!There is valet out in front, and you walk in and can immediately see the outdoor seating area for the restaurant.  There is a beautiful view of the pier to your right, and some homes and more beach to the left.  My aunt surprised me by taking me out to lunch here; she says that this is her go-to place to bring friends for their birthdays, and I can see why!  (It wasn't my birthday, I just work down the street... and had never been before!)  We each got a glass of Prosecco...molto bene.  We shared a delicious salad that had pomegranates, fresh figs, with a pomegranate dressing (my aunt had the goat cheese on the side to put into her salad), and we shared a really, really good quinoa dish with tofu and roasted veggies like brussel sprouts and squash.  It also had almonds and apples but I wasn't wild about those ingredients in it.  Whatever sauce was on the tofu was AMAZING.  Just throw that sauce over the whole thing, will you?I was very happy to see that the menu designated items as vegan and vegetarian, and that they were knowledgeable about dietary preferences and were cool about omitting an ingredient, and checking on ingredients in the kitchen.  Also, I thought the food was really seasonal and fresh.  I loooovvveee fresh figs in a salad.  They seem to care about serving healthy food, too (considering they had quinoa on the menu, and actually have vegetarian and vegan items clearly marked).  A gourmet, delicious lunch overlooking the beach in Malibu... I highly recommend this place!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,11/20/2013,597,514,9,11,10>Usually stop by here after eating ramen to pick up cream pan love the softness of the bread and the sweet cream middle they also have other goodies to select but by the end of the end there is very little left to choose from just glad that they didnt run out of cream pans.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,11/18/2013,595,703,9,16,10>I've lived in Woodland Hills basically all my life so I've many times traversed Topanga Canyon... albeit most of the time to go to either the beach, Santa Monica or Pacific Palisades or Malibu... but I'm ashamed to say that I haven't really stopped at many of the places in Topanga. This little cafe is located in the mini shopping center with the parking lot (next to the newly built library) and is caddy-corner to the Inn of the Seventh Ray (another amazing although much more romantic restaurant). There are actually some new eateries in this parking lot that I've never noticed as well.. and I'm going to make it a point to check out some of these places that are closer to home that I have just never got to try.Anyway, the place is right on the end of this mini shopping center and there is outdoor seating which we opted for. As I mentioned previously, it was a hot day in the valley but was much cooler and breezy on the patio (and I guess we weren't the only ones who felt like dining al fresco since there were lots of other people out there). There is indoor seating as well (but outside is so much nicer!)It was a little early for me so I wanted something rather light for brunch. I decided on the soup and grilled cheese combo. The grilled cheese was pretty yum - a combination of fresh mozzarella and cheddar cheeses with some seasoning and a bit of arugula. It was great. First of all, I love arugula, but I never thought about infusing it in a grilled cheese. It's an amazing combination. The bitterness of the arugula cuts through all the fatty richness of the cheese and is such a great combination. I never would have thought of it! And it's something I am going to keep on the back burner of my mind for my future grilled cheese making escapades!I decided on a bowl of the sour de jour which was parsnip. It was good but I think it was a vegan soup. It was light and very fresh but lacked a little something. I think I was craving something a bit more creamy... so I should have gone with that delicious looking french onion soup that I've heard other yelpers rave about. I'll definitely try that next time.It was a great brunch/lunch and I would definitely come back for a lovely lunch! :)
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,11/17/2013,1251,116,32,41,40>Cute little mom and pop Chinese joint located on the border city of  Lomita & Torrance. The place is so small that it may be easily missed if you're not paying attention. It's in a small plaza along with a bar and other small eateries. Most people order to go but there's also limited seating for dine in as well. I assume Mrs. Sue is very superstitious based on the decor. For one, she has a lot of stuff in red and more than one "good luck" Chinese characters posted along the walls. One of the characters was posted upside down. The Chinese believe that when you turn the good luck sign upside down, then good luck will fall upon. Now how cute is that?  I was all giddy when I found this place through a Yelp friend because I cannot stress the fact that we do not have enough "good" Chinese eateries in the Southbay area. Not only this small shop offers an affordable price and as well as a big selections of different authentic Chinese dishes.  They are known for its dumplings, soup noodles and beef pancakes or Sue calls it the Beef Chinese burrito. Each at about less than $6. Now here's something I LOVE about Sue's. They have a small bar full of cold dishes ready to serve. You point and they package it for you right then and there. Each of those cold dishes ranges from $1.85 to $2.95.MY ORDER: -Chinese Burrito (Beef) With thinly sliced beef, cilantros and minced onions. Very little fats present on the beef. The consistency of the pancake was great. Crunchy and slightly chewy. The beef was slightly bland but overall  it was good especially with Siracha sauce. ;-) Def will order this again.  -Filet Fish with Preserved Pickled SoupWith filet fish and sour pickled veggies. They were very generous with their fish. I had the small bowl for $3.85 and it came with 5 medium sized filet pieces. Oh man, I am a big fan of this soup! It was so tasty and I love the sour pickled veggies. -Shredded Pork Ear with Soy Sauce(From the cold bar) Very thinly sliced. It was good but way too much garlic. My breath was kickin after I had that. Probably won't order this again unless I'm craving for some pig ears. Oink oink. It's rare that I write a review the day after but I just had this strong urge to do it for Mrs. Sue and I also got a review request from a Yelp friend. I feel honored to be requested. :o) I will definitely return here to try other goodies.  CC: Minimum of $20PARKING---in a very small plaza, one way parkingOh one more thing. After reading other Yelper's reviews, I came to realize that they might be right. My bill came out to be even. Others comment on how they don't itemize the bill, thus only the total amount were shown. She just wrote my order down and punched in some numbers on her little calculator. I'll pay more attention at my next visit to see if the total amount is even again!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,11/16/2013,630,341,14,14,10>okay...it's pricey.BUT, WOW the food is good.  The gnocchi are like little clouds of cheese mist...I wanted to run into the kitchen and rub them all over me. This place gets packed so that should  tell you that I'm not the only one that wants to bathe in their gnocchi.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/15/2013,542,312,16,20,15>Someone once said this is the best ice cream in LA. I was skeptical. Then I had a scoop of banana creme pie and I was about to fly off my "handel" because rarely do I miss out on finding really good ice cream.This is old-fashioned creamy ice cream at its finest. Lines are long but they move fast. Flavors have all kinds of crazy names like Graham Central Station, Tin Lizzy, and Snappy Turtle. (all great flavors)The 4 scoop sampler for $5 (+ 25 cents for a cone) is what I've gone for twice now. It's enough for two but I've seen many an ice cream lover polish off one of them solo without a problem. One guy walked out with two of them defiantly stating, "I love ice cream, deal with it!"When so-called artisan ice cream shops are charging over $5 for only one scoop, it is so refreshing to have a place like Handel's that has prices and flavors that bring you back to when you were a kid and ice cream was just about wholesome tastiness. If this were a Game of Cones, Handel's would be a challenger to the throne of best ice cream in the city.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/14/2013,391,361,4,9,9>I had the Chicago Dog it was really good- juicy meat with nice toasted sesame bun.  Loved the crunchy hot peppers they put on it.  I asked for a side of their chili to dunk my fries in, damn good chili.   They are still getting their menu together so they didn't have any sweet potato or garlic fries available yet.   They also have a large selection of sandwich's too, as well as Veggie and Turkey options and a BBQ sandwich with slow cooked onions that I can't wait to come back and try.  Loved the outdoor seating area.   Located right next door to Chocolatine....yes get your dessert on! :)
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,11/13/2013,813,468,9,14,14>Omgggggggg.You want hot?You want savory?You want soup?Come here!I had the hot tofu combination soup that was spicy and delicious. There was clams, shrimp, and beef. Mmmmmmm.The side dishes were fresh and bomb. The cucumbers and bean sprouts were my fav. My soup was only $8.99! A complete steal! I would recommend this place to anyone.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,11/12/2013,310,105,6,14,11>10 Speed Coffee is an espresso bar located inside Pedaler's Fork restaurant in Calabasas. Pedaler's Fork is a beautiful building housing a restaurant, bar, coffee roaster, espresso bar, and bicycle shop. The espresso is a 1 oz. ristretto shot. Now, seeing "espresso ristretto" on the menu made me wonder for a second whether the "ristretto" is gratuitous snobbery, or an expression of purism. In Italy, a shot of espresso is a shot of espresso. Only in America does such confusion come in. But I had nothing to worry about.When I tasted the espresso, I was rewarded with a very rich, but tiny cup. It had no bitterness, but a little roughness in the finish. Justin, the roaster, explained that their "Kickstand" espresso is a blend of five different beans, which probably explains the fullness and complexity. He also warned that the beans were freshly roasted and would be a bit rough. They are best after four to five days rest. 4**** for espresso. The building is a tribute to the beauty of unfinished wood. The floorboards are wide, unfinished and light. The ceiling and beams are a rich brown, roughly hewn. The tables are smooth and richly stained to bring out the grain. The bar, walls, and furniture are a kaleidoscope of different textures and natural colors. Baskets of lavender and buckets of plants brighten the corners of the patio and upstairs porch. Bicycles hang from the ceiling and on the walls. There are too many delightful details to mention, but I particularly like the bricks used for the creekside patio: reclaimed vintage blocks stamped with the mark of the factories that birthed them in a bygone time. 5***** for setting and ambiance. On my second visit, I enjoyed a Abakundakawa Rwanda cup. Each cup is a hand prepared pour over. The coffee had a nice body but flavor was a bit muddled. It tasted to me like the grind may have been a bit too fine. 3*** for the pour over. The barista was friendly and attention from the servers on the patio was excellent. They even brought out a beautiful and delicious complimentary cup of fresh fruit. It was delicious, and every piece was impecabbly ripe.Beautiful patio to enjoy your coffee on, check! Knowledgeable barista and roaster, check! Delicious espresso, check! What more can you ask for? 10 Speed Coffee in Calabasas has it all.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,11/11/2013,238,112,11,10,9>I'm still floating from the many glasses of Mimosas I imbibed in (which is a fancier way of saying: I tossed back a lot of Mimosas this morning).Once upon a time, it was a glorious Sunday morning, with sun pouring over the Santa Monica Mountains under a clear blue sky, as my husband and I were winding our way down Kanan Road toward Malibu Cafe.Upon entry to the enchanted Malibu Cafe, we were led over moist green grass under a sea of red umbrellas to our table, with a view of the pond. The pond, with its bentwood bridge, was surrounded by trees and flower bushes, with butterflies flitting about.I felt like a freaking princess, instead of harried mother who would go home to a sink full of dishes.  Things only got better when Rob, our wonderful waiter, brought our mimosas. Our family joined us at our umbrella shaded table, and we all enjoyed the eggs Benedict, chicken and waffles and waffles with strawberries, as an acoustic music trio played beautiful music only feet away, and as we watched families paddle boat on the pond. As in all good fairy tales, the story must come to an end. The check came and it was - for the delicious food, amazing service and serene atmosphere - surprisingly reasonable. Still floating on my mimosa buzz, my husband drove us back home over the winding Kanan Canyon, as I planned our return to Malibu Cafe. I see myself having dinner there, under the stars, the sound of crickets accompanying a trio of musicians, a glass of Champagne in my hand... and not one dish in my sink to worry about when I get home. Now THAT'LL be a perfect night.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/10/2013,190,336,9,9,7>We haven't been home (and in the US) for our Anniversary in 4 years so we wanted some place spectacular to celebrate. I'm so glad we picked n/naka. The first thing you'll notice about this place is the warmth of the staff, unusual for a top-notch Japanese restaurant where service is typically formal, efficient , and at times, robotic. We felt like they were happy we had chosen to have our big night out with them. Our lovely waitress was knowledgeable and chatty. She kept giving us extras of everything. Honestly, I think we had more than 13 courses and she kept pouring some of the hubster's wine pairings for me too. The food was sublime. I mean, the oyster with the caviar? I had to take a moment to compose myself after slurping that up. And all the soups were soothing and just delicious. And they have the best sushi we've ever had in LA, and you know we're sushi fiends, so we've had most of the top notch places. This was a perfect night and the topper was the Chef herself coming out to greet us Happy Anniversary! We left happy and full. What a fantastic experience!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,11/9/2013,1537,560,6,14,15>I'm a big big fan of Cholada. There isn't any good Thai on the Westside so I find myself making the drive out here on the weekends. There can sometimes be a line so don't come here starving but the wait is worth it. The restaurant is on PCH, it's small with a back patio. The food is reasonably priced and it's delicious and fresh. They have a $7 corkage so we love to come here with a nice bottle of pinot.DELICIOUS!
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,11/8/2013,397,413,20,10,11>I walked in with a wife, and she walked out with a new boyfriend?!?I'm told his name is Andrew Kirschner.  Their first meeting was as we left Tar & Roses. Lissa G summonsed me to retrieve the car.  She said it would just be just a minute as she wanted an autograph from the chef on a T&R menu.  Seemed pretty innocent at the time...I was duped into going again with the promise of having more of their amazing Lamb Belly with a perfectly balanced apple chutney, and the oh-so refreshing Beef Pho-Paccio with a nice little kick of spice.  This time I would be on the lookout for this character. They claimed Kirschner was at a "charity event" in Cleveland.  This guy is beginning to sound more like Batman to me than a chef, but I'm up for the challenge.One last distraction thrown my way was his secret weapon.  They call it the Tar Bar. A hazelnut bar, with LA Creamery's Salted Caramel ice cream.  Yes, I must admit, I have two Kryptonites, one being black truffles and the other being salted caramel ice cream.  As I dig into this amazing creation I scan the well designed patio for any sign of him. As I seem to go into a fog, some eye catching filament light fixtures grab my attention away from the task at hand and I notice once again...she is gone!!!  In a panic I begin to regain focus as she quickly reappeared...that was a close call.  I'm still not sure if the Tar Bar worked its magic or if it was one of their craft beers, either way she made it back "claiming" she went to the restroom.Like many stories of this kind they come in 3's. Let's just hope for your sake this time Kirschner  (if you even exist) your food is as much a distraction as the last two times. Until then you could find me doing push-ups in front of your autographed, and now framed menu, in my lair...I mean my house in the west valley. HAHAHAHAHA!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,11/7/2013,474,445,6,13,12>I CANNOT believe that up until last week I had ZERO idea that this place existed...My monthly, and sometimes more often, antique scavenger hunts have been truly suboptimal without this place in the rotation. This place is stuffed full of great treasures and has a few dealers with very unique and interesting tastes. Plus, their prices are reasonable. Anyone that does any amount of antique shopping in the LBC knows which places to hit and which are a joke. M and A lands squarely in the sweet spot of interesting and unique merchandise and prices you can live with. Sure, they don't really bargain like some of the other shops but I do find myself thinking overall their prices are fair.I have already found loads of stuff that I just "couldn't live without." Magnolia and Willow will now be a regular on my favorite way to burn some time and stress - hunting!!!
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,11/6/2013,750,550,27,32,29>First off I'm gonna just say it and get it over with so I can concentrate on the rest of this...Allen is very attractive...I'm sorry but that's just the truth...even i can admit that...lolSo I've been contemplating for a couple months for someone to run a Search engine optimization to drum up more customers for my tutoring job.  I finally came across Computer Professionals through a friend. After speaking over the phone with Allen, he assigned me an account executive to take me through the different package options, and what fit my budget best.I explained to Yasmin (my account exec) how i meet clients and the kind of business and subjects I teach and all the things I offer.   She was really nice and sweet and helped me with all my issues.Fast forward 4 months. I'm constantly in touch with Yasmin. She's always really courteous and responsive to all my questions/emails/calls. She gives me a monthly report after every month showing the progress my business is making, the traffic to my website, and a whole bunch of other stuff that I don't understand -tech mumbo jumbo. But the best part is that I really am seeing a good amount of progress with my website and the new clients i'm getting. Allen helped me organize my leads to track where they come from. And since then, im getting more and more business from online searches through my SEO campaign.  I'm grateful for the boost in income and I'm glad I took a chance.It was great working with Allen and Yasmin, and it's always an added bonus that they are easy on the eyes...just saying :)
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,11/5/2013,143,186,19,15,18>Yelp reviews can be hilarious! I just read a review from a gal who ordered eggs and sausage gravy, then she gets pissed at the waitress because the waitress didn't warn her that sausage gravy has meat in it. The waitress was supposed to know that a woman ordering unborn chickens and pork sausage gravy thinks she is a vegetarian...For me, this is another solid local breakfast spot. So local, I can stumble here on a rough morning. Eggs benedict is spot on and the coffee is hot. They also have cottage cheese, always a plus for me since I don't really care for potatoes. The waitresses here are fantastic! Don't give these ladies any crap. They are super friendly and work hard.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,11/4/2013,360,425,11,15,13>You get complimentary hot green tea and their food always satisfies.   The restaurant is small and tables are close together.  Also, their bathroom is awkward- as it is kinda in kitchen area. Oh well, the food is what counts. Sometimes I come here between going from one appt to another and I don't even care about eating alone. I sit at the counter and just enjoy my soba (with my lousy chopstick ability!) In summary:Best handmade cold soba. Best crispy and never soggy tempura shrimp.A soba tempura combo was $12.95. Great deal!Note that they do have shorter hours:  Lunch Mon - Fri: 11:30 am - 2:30pm Sat, Sun: 11:30am - 3:00pm and Dinner 5:00 pm-9:00 pm. Strange, I have never been to the location in Old Town Torrance though it is closer to me. In time!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,11/3/2013,635,744,10,13,13>Yay for a decent boba place on the westside! I remember when Lollicup was several blocks away, then turned into a different boba place, then closed. I'm happy to see it back.... the only other option in the area is really Volcano Tea, which I never really liked. The store is going through a "soft opening" and welcome feedback from customers. Right now, it's open until 11, and I'm hoping that they extend this after the official opening... would be great to have a chill, late night spot. The store is bright and clean, with a good number of tables and outlets, wifi (well, I used Starbucks' wifi, but the point is it's here, right?) and TVs. And parking is FREE. Drinks are of SGV-boba-shop quality, and of many different varieties...... some with sea salt foam toppings, pudding, jelly, etc. and interesting flavors like Honey Avocado Milk and Brown Sugar Latte. I ordered a Vanilla Oreo Cookie Snow and wasn't disappointed. You have to ask for boba to be added.... I didn't know this and the super friendly baristas added boba for free this time. I also ordered the fried calamari, which was nice and crunchy (and spicy!) For just about all the snacks, you can order your level of spiciness, and even the mild was pretty hot. They also offer mini bowls, noodle bowls, and entree-type dishes. The calamari was served in a little bag with toothpicks, and was more than enough to share, even as a snack size and $3.50.Welcome to the westsiiiiiiiiiiiide, Lollicup! I think I found my go-to laptop spot.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,11/2/2013,441,219,18,14,11>There is no such thing as "only having one or two doughnut holes."I don't even care for doughnuts all that much. I walked in here because I was next door at While Elephant and realized my friend that stayed home with a terrible Fourth hangover probably could benefit from some greasy, sugary and doughy goodness. Then, I saw it... I was in the middle of thinking of what to order for my friend and saw the gigantic pile of blueberry doughnut holes and for some STUPID, STUPID reason I asked the guy if I could try one. He didn't speak any English (or Spanish -- my only other language) so I was super fucked. I pointed and tried every variation of "may I taste one?" I can think of in point-world. He got it. He gave me one. I died inside. I bought a fucking bag full. A BAG FULL. THERE IS NEVER A REASON FOR A BAG FULL OF BLUEBERRY DOUGHNUT HOLES UNLESS YOU ARE ME AND ARE COMPLETELY OUT OF YOUR MIND.Long story short... I was on some blueberry doughnut high and bought two boxes of doughnuts on top of the bag full of blueberry doughnut holes. I honestly don't even know what I bought. I made myself sick on blueberry doughnuts since I ate like 12903819038120983 of them. All I can say is screw this place for having something so tasty I made myself sick from over indulging. Just go eat them. Seriously. Just try to not be a junkie about it.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,11/1/2013,157,340,8,12,10>Came here after reading a Jonathan Gold review.We ordered the stewed eggplant, a tongue sandwich and a kookoo sandwich.Everything tasted really good and fresh. We sat outside and the food was brought out quickly. Everybody was friendly and the food was so different from the usual kebabs we get at other places.We finished the meal with a yellow rice pudding.A very good option for lunch.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,10/31/2013,1137,317,14,18,18>I'm not an expert when it comes to Pho. I'm pretty mainstream. That's my disclaimer. But, I know what I like and Pho Show is a definite A+ in my books! The broth is perfect for my simple tastes. There aren't many Pho restaurants on the westside. Pho Sho is the best solution when I'm craving a pho fix. They also offers many signature Vietnamese dishes, like Vermicelli and sandwiches.Yay to parking a-plenty!Yay to staying open late!And yay to craft beer!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,10/29/2013,129,221,6,12,8>This review is long overdue but I came here in September '12 on a groupon/living social deal that was for a 15 minute deal with 3D/4D, gender verification and with a CD of photos included. I was amazed of the location, easy to find, parking in the back and the paperwork was simple unlike other 4D places. I sadly do not remember the sonographer who attended us but she was also pregnant with the same due date! She was nice, attentive and even gave us some extras along with a basic package.The room was ample, many flat screens and a comfy lounge couch for the family that tags along. I would recommend this place for it had a good price and the service was nice and didn't feel rushed off.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,10/28/2013,108,97,8,13,13>A new favorite find for Thai delivery on the Westside. Cheap, delivers, and serves some actually pretty decent Thai dishes, what more can you ask for?The standout dish, by far, was their pad see ew. The noodles were cut especially thin, and absorbed all of the different flavors in the dish. We scarfed this down in less than 50 seconds, no joke.They serve some pretty good steak / short ribs as well so make sure to try these out. The weak point of the meal was probably the curry. We got the roasted duck curry (duck in their pineapple curry), and even though the flavors were all great, it was a more watery than I would have liked. The restaurant itself actually has a pretty nice / classy interior, for a cheap Thai restaurant that is. The kind you would actually eat in at. Certainly not as run down as some of the other Thai delivery places I order from.BOTTOM-LINE: The food here isn't going to blow your mind away by any means, but considering the price, speed, quality, and convenience, Thai Moon is definitely going to be one of my go-to Thai delivery spots on the West side.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,10/27/2013,305,546,8,11,11>When this place first opened, I wanted to wait until the crowd died down.  However, it hasn't happened, so I decided to utilize a gift card we received.  First of all, the hostess was friendly. I received a text that my table was ready.  Convenient. The wait was about 30 minutes long, but you should get there before 6 if you're not one to wait patiently.  I overheard someone else who arrived at 6:30ish be told the wait time is one hour!   Parking wasn't too bad.  The lot was full but DH found a parking spot a few minutes away hoofin' it by foot.This is basically a rock n' roll biergarten, American style!   I've been to Hofbrau house in Deutschland and this has a similar vibe.  Seating is picnic bench style and we sat next to 2 different parties during our meal, but it was all cool.  The tables can accomodate a group of about 10 if you're thinking of a group gathering.  I think I even saw beer taps at some of the tables on the north end of the restaurant.  I'll have to verify that next time.  The ceilings are high, the layout is open and spacious, the decor is fun and the crowd is an interesting mix of beachy, cool, young, families, happy hour peeps...a very diverse customer base.  The service is friendly, hip, young and laid back.  The place is crowded and if you want quiet ambiance, this is not the place for you.  If you appreciate good ole' rock n roll, you can catch old concert music videos and watch sports on several screens as you guzzle your brew at the same time.  The food is great...at least, the food I ordered.  We ordered the appetizer pretzel ($8+) and it was huge, delish with the "bier" sauce (the mustardy sauch that it comes with has strong horseradish flavor which is an acquired taste) The bier sauce had the consistency and slightly bland flavor of cheesy mashed potatoes.  My 10" bbq pizza was awesome and plenty enough to share.  I tested DH's burger and it was great too.  Even my son enjoyed his chicken fingers.  I noticed that the salads were way overpriced though with an upgrade of $3.95 for chicken to be added?!  The drink and beer menu is quite extensive.  Next time when I'm with my gfs for HH, I'll def order a drink.I loved the rock theme inside, but outside there's an elegant, glass covered fire "display" on some of the tables.   There's even a a Beatles "Yellow Submarine" play area.  Cute.Tip: if you have young children with you, try to get outdoor seating as the music may be a bit loud for them inside.  This place is new, so I'm sure they're still working out the kinks as far as logistics go.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,10/26/2013,186,253,10,37,26>Ummm, why are you looking on Yelp to make one of the biggest financial decisions of your life? Well, since you're here, let me give my two cents, biased they may be as an alum of this great school.So why should you come to LMU? Perhaps you're looking for a place to continue some of the good things you experienced at your Catholic high school. If you fit that category, rest assured, this place has things for you, from Campus Ministry to the Center for Service and Action to some mind blowingly awesome and philosophical Theology courses, LMU can be your home.Maybe you're not from around here, and LA intrigues you. LMU gives you a cool reality, at once a small college campus in a coveted landscape overlooking Marina del Rey, while at the same time just minutes by car (traffic contingent of course) from the LA I have come to love. Santa Monica and it's shopping, Lennox and it's famed taco trucks, Inglewood and some great Soul Food, or Culver City or El Segundo for a taste of walkable LA. I came to LMU for LA, and I was able to balance a deep love of a serene campus with an unshakable thirst to explore a city that still amazes and surprises me years later.Or perhaps you care about social justice, and are looking for a place to nurture that love. Service and justice are a big deal, it's part of the fabric of this place. What's more, it's a school big enough to provide opportunities to dive into that world and many others, while small enough in class size and staff support to really nurture your growth and develop you as an academic and a leader in extracuriculars.What are the downsides of this place? As it sometimes struggles to find its identity, it gets too caught up in being like or competing with the USC's and UCLA's of the world. Nothing against them, well maybe UCLA (I got a grad degree from USC), but from time to time you begin to see too many students who have come to LMU not for its unique heritage and identity but rather, because they didn't make it into one of those two schools and they think LMU is an acceptable alternative. What's more, while the school fairs pretty well in terms of diversity for a private school, it's by no means perfect. Finally, as college becomes more and more expensive, this place like many schools struggles to be a place for rich and poor alike and sometimes, it seems it fails to fully capture a range of economic demographics in quite the way it should.But in the end, it's a place that will do a few things: 1. It will nurture your growth in and out of the classroom if you let it. 2. You'll learn a thing or two and be able to get a job or get into a good grad school if you show up and do the work. 3. It will silence your heart in the midst of a frantic life, when you cut behind the residential buildings on your way to class to gaze upon the ocean or sit on the bluff or one of the countless green spaces on campus reflecting and discerning on who you are, who you are called to be, and how to pair your greatest desires with opportunities to meet those desires. As Father Greg Boyle, the Founder of Homeboy Industries often says- LMU is not just a place you come to, it's a place your'e sent from to change the world.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,10/25/2013,703,398,16,15,14>I took advantage of the weekday lunch special and ordered their famous garlic chicken to go. It was ready in about 10 mins. and smelled gloriously of garlic and lemon. Didn't upgrade to plantains as I was craving good old fries, but will next time for sure. The chicken was a good size and although it was dry, the sauce made up for it. I loved the sauce; great flavor! I cut up the chicken into bite sized pieces and let them soak in the sauce to make them moist while I munched on the fries. There was way too much rice in there, but the black beans went well with it. I thought the thinly sliced onions on top were totally unnecessary, but I just pushed them aside and it was fine. I didn't really think they added anything to the meal. I would probably go with the boneless garlic chicken next time and ask them to go light on the rice. My breath was totally garlicky for the rest of the day, but it was worth it!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,10/21/2013,1070,142,10,12,13>Saturday night.. didn't know what to do with my teen girls. Found Gardena Bowl on Yelp... good reviews, so thought I'd check it out.Got here right before cosmic bowling.. sweet! Played awhile before the music and lights started. Once those came on, the experience was so much better. People started coming in and the place got lively. Loud "KISS FM top 40s" type of music playing.. the blue lights, gave it the club feel... but with teens and kids. So it was perfect for the girls.Pool tables and drinking right next to the lanes... mostly young guys playing.Played two bowling games for about $35 for the 3 of us. We had a good time even though are scores were terrible. Broke some nails during the game but ended up being a great choice for our Saturday night.We'll definitely be back because it's much better than the two bowling alleys that are closer to me.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2013,10/20/2013,633,278,9,12,11>I really like this place! The fruit is always fresh looking, and the prices are really good. The also have rows of barrels with all kinds of interesting snacks (chocolate cover peanuts, cashews almonds, gummy bears, 8 different kinds of trail mixes, dried fruits, nuts...( and they also have barrels full of barley, rice, oatmeals, etc). They have all kinds of organics, in the dry foods as well as dairy and veggies/fruit. The place is always clean, parking is not difficult, and the cashiers are friendly.Oh, and they have an awesome wine section.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2013,10/19/2013,634,287,10,13,13>A coworker told me about this place in Compton that have some really good down to earth Mexican food,I arrived here and low and behold I could not belived my eye's,this place is LITERALLY a hole in the wall,there is a run down vacant lot next to it on the other side is the market they owned, on the outside this neighborhood is not customer friendly,make sure you keep both eye's open wide and watch your surrounding,inside is very small with an grade A on the wall,there are 4 frame's with business license's on the wall,cash only,there was this lady in the rear stirring one out the 4 HUGE pot's that look like an orr,the service was fast and the staff was super friendly,and actually the food was very delicious (seriously) they serve chile relleno,asada,verde,rojo,adobad,tripas,chicharron,­burrito's and taco's was $1.45,there is also bar stool's inside and table's and chair's in between the market,no thank you I don't want to sit and eat here, that will be to go please thank you,yes call me crazy but I will return.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,10/18/2013,425,123,10,14,13>I love Baja Sonora and as stated before I am a weekly regular.  With my usual potato taco dinner,  I had the (original) Flan and it was so delicious! It was tender and creamy with a light caramel that flan melted in my mouth, it had a taste to die for.  I mean I literally fell out and when I woke up, I was irritated that I had eaten all the flan (Just kidding)  lolThe flan to me was on a level from some of the top places I have eaten in CALI and believe me I have eaten dessert at some of the best places that Cali has to offer. Give the desserts a try they all look so YUMMY! Those cupcakes have my name written on them.so they are next on my list.FYI...I will always PUMP up the rep of Restaurants that are great in a neighborhood when they are clean, have fair prices and have exceptional staff and great FOOD... As the kids like to say ... Just sayin UPDATE:October 18,2013I had the Green Chili Verde Burrito smothered in sauce and cheese. It was sooo good. No it was better than that, listen closely as I whisper this....Imagine tender, juicy chunks of meat wrapped in a burrito shell covered in a spicy verde sauce so flavorful I wish I had told them extra sauce and extra cheese.The Greedy part of myself really wanted that, the sane part of myself just didn't need it. This was a Meat only Burrito,I have try it with beans and rice on my next visit.Of course I ordered a Potato Taco it was the bomb as always.After I placed my order the owner Sean greeted me with his usual upbeat personality I ran my mouth as usual, he is really a cool guy. I hope this review helps.. Just me Shawn in the LBC...
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,10/17/2013,514,405,8,11,11>LOVE!!! I love Green Peas. Everything about it just rocks! But I have to give mad love to the vegan pizza... I can have pizza again. Oh lets not forget vegan cake! The sandwiches are amazing and their salads are HUGE! I could have Green Peas for days, everyday and I would still love it. If you haven't been, its a must!!!!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,10/16/2013,464,191,6,17,11>THIS IS FOR MIMI. But first - the discovery. As any female, or diva dude knows.... finding a salon to trust your beautiful locks with, is a nerve racking ordeal. I've had ONE bad hair cut and that was one too many. So, I did a lot of research before I came to Object Salon. I noticed on the yelp reviews that a lot of asians come here. So, being asian, I figured, why not?  Plus, I was leaving on vacation and they were able to accomodate me last minute which was a HUGE plus. Arrived there, and immediately the "EXPERIENCE" began. They took me to the dressing area where I put on my robe thing... offered me coffee/tea/water while I waited. Then, Mimi came to me and sat with me, and we discussed what I wanted to do. This was very much like a consultation. She touched my hair, we discussed what I wanted and she shared what would work and what didnt... we looked at pictures on both our phones to confirm what I wanted... LOVED the fact that she CONFIRMED and MADE SURE and TRIPLE CHECKED what I wanted before we got started. Throughout the entire process (I did a cut and single color) Mimi was extremely attentive, constantly asking me if things were alright. When she would trim my hair, she made sure the length was ok, before she continued. Basically for the entire 3-4 hours I was there, I felt like I was truly cared for. Mimi stayed REALLY late to take my appointment, we ended up being there till about 9pm. I really appreciated that, and what's even more amazing is that even though everyone else left, the salon was closed, at NO point did Mimi seem rushed to get out of there. She took her time, and ensured that I got what I wanted, and more! End result - my hair is fabulous. I've gotten numerous compliments on the color, and I will DEFINITELY return to Mimi. xoxo!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,10/15/2013,223,114,8,17,12>[This review is mainly for crazy ramen fans only, like me. Hence the length. You've been warned...] I'm sure that most people who live in LA and have been initiated into the Ramen Society of Deliciousness (love ramen, will drive through traffic for tasty bowls) have tried what I call the LA ramen trifecta: Daikokuya, Shin-Sen-Gumi and/or Santouka. I'm going to build this review on a basis of comparison--I myself find that helpful when looking to try a new restaurant.Tsujita Annex reminds me very much of Daikokuya's Kotteri broth--super, super rich and fatty. I honestly think it trumps how rich the broth is at Daikokuya because you can see the little globules of pork fat on the surface of the broth without squinting. So there's that. I've read reviews where people are disgusted by it--to each his own, which is why I'm stating it plainly here. If you're not turned off by the sheer amount of fat in the broth, the flavor is fantastic and the consistency is silky.Since the soup base is so powerful, it needs thick, al dente noodles to match the strength of its flavor. Tsujita Annex uses the same delicious noodles as their flagship restaurant across the street. Love the noodles in their tsukemen dish? You'll like them in ramen, too. The noodle consistency blows the other shops out of the water, as nothing else is as thick or chewy. The chashu is sliced thickly on a cutting board and placed on top of the noodles along with some bean sprouts and shredded cabbage right before being served, so it isn't hot or practically melting into the broth like most people are accustomed to. However, the slices are extremely thick and the 'melt into the broth' consistency can be reached by immediately pushing the chashu under the noodles for a few minutes while you mix around your toppings and add some red chili powder (onikasu) or fresh raw garlic to your broth. I still prefer the chashu at Daikokuya, but think that Tsujita LA is a close second. If you choose to add a soft-boiled egg, I would compare it to Shin-Sen-Gumi--very soft with a runny yolk on the inside. However, I think that the Santouka soy-sauce egg has better flavor. Lastly, the condiments that you can add to your broth that I mentioned above are fantastic. The onikasu is freshly ground and also contains sesame seeds, which give it a depth of flavor you usually won't find with shichimi (7-spice powder that is found at most ramen shops to spice up the broth). The fresh garlic is raw, so be careful--a little goes a long way! Whew, that was much too long! I just want to encourage people to give this place a chance, because I believe that Tsujita should be known for their ramen as well as their tsukemen (even though, to be honest, I prefer the tsukemen in the end!).  And if you are being dragged here by a friend or lover or brother (or mother!) and don't want ramen, their rice bowls are tasty as well. Don't expect a large portion--they're mainly offered as a side option to the ramen--but the spicy tuna is especially delicious, as their marinade has that same savory-spicy quality as the onikasu.Street parking only--all of the parking spots in front of the building are for the gardening store during the day (and valet at night). Cash only, and bowls of ramen range from $9-11. Rice bowls are $4.TL;DR: Fatty broth, al dente noodles, spicy sesame and red chili powder and thickly-sliced chashu jump into a bowl together and make love in my stomach. Spicy tuna rice bowl can come too.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,10/14/2013,1172,234,7,11,10>This was soooooo fun!!! Let me start off by saying I almost did not make it because I got offWork at 5:30pm in Thousand Oaks during rush hour, We were scared that I would not make it, but luck was on my side, no traffic allllll the way(the 101 and the 405) we got in the parking lot, walked up to the checkin tabel where they scanned our party passes from our phones to check us in, the  we walked right on the Yacht, this thing was HUGE!!!, first level had a bunch of food and drinks and vendors like Wines, champagne, pizza, beer and vendors like Uber and a Photo Booth, was hilarious, then the second level had more drinks like a Bombay Gin Drink station where they show u how to make your own mixed drinks which were really really delicious, then there was more food, lots of deserts and more alcohol vendors.Then there was the top deck which was a awesome way to take in the fresh ocean air and see the sunset, stella Rosa was there too with a photo booth too, was awesome!!!  yelp even had raffles to win stuff, the ship took us around the marina, was beautiful, was cold but perfect for me lolThanks Brittany,katie and Christina  for putting this all together, I will definitely be at the next Yelp event. Totally awesome!!!!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,10/13/2013,147,177,14,14,10>After overstaying our welcome at a local sushi spot, Cecilia C. and I had some more girl talk to attend to. Being that my pale butt doesn't get enough sun and my poor city soul will never get enough nature, we relocated to the closest park.Although not the biggest park in the world, this place offers some equipment for the kids (or 30 year olds that love rocketships), shade covered benches, and a beautiful view. There is a perfectly placed bench you might get lucky enough to snag facing the view.Last, there is a pretty baller rocketship you can climb to the top of or take an awesome slide down. Not that I would ever do such things, but if I did, it would seriously make my whole day. That slide was awesome. I mean, looked awesome.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,10/12/2013,289,275,30,35,32>I wasn't "accosted" by "Bobo the Bald Chef" at Piccolo, but I was certainly bewitched by his food! (More about "Bobo the Bald Chef" later in the review).I had the 5 Course Prix Fixe in July 2013 courtesy of a 30% discount from a Blackboard Eats (BBE) coupon.  This is the same menu being offered during DineLA.Word on Piccolo is mixed - people either love or hate the cuisine; perhaps the way one might feel about a passionate Italian lover. Some from the silver screen who come to mind are Marcello Mastroianni, Sophia Loren, Giancarlo Giannini, Isabella Rossellini, Raoul Bova, Monica Bellucci or Roberto Benigni.  Last one's a "wild card," but hey, laughter is sexy ;) Most Yelpers seemed to complain about small portions and high prices; a few mentioned how they felt the waitstaff were not very friendly.  As a fine dining establishment, Piccolo does stand out like a lost, Armani suit-wearing gentleman in the "hippy happy" environment of Venice. Ultimately, I decided to go to Piccolo after getting advice from a Yelper friend and reading the reviews of Anthony N. yelp.com/biz/piccolo-ven… and Chuck C. yelp.com/biz/piccolo-ven…5 COURSE BBE/DINELA JULY 2013 $45 (my choices)1st COURSE - CONCHIGLIE (seashell)Some of the menu descriptions don't do justice to the actual dishes.  For example, I was tempted to go with the Burrata appetizer, but curious about the Conchiglie. Good thing I asked because far from being a seashell pasta appetizer, it was actually two thinly sliced marinated raw scallops filled with creamy sea urchin topped with micro greens and 2 drops of emerald colored liquid pesto.  THE SCALLOP WAS SO LUSCIOUS AND THE SEA URCHIN FILLING CREAMY AND SLIGHTLY BRINY - delizioso!yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…2nd COURSE - PLIN (this is the only choice)Fontina Cheese-Filled ravioli, Parmesan-Butter sauce, and Summer Truffle shavings.  As the waiter set the plate in front of me, the unmistakably heady scent of truffles wafted in the air.  There were only 5-6 of the mini ravioli and I SAVORED EVERY SINGLE PLIN RAVIOLI.  I called the restaurant later and found out that the portion I had for BBE/DineLA was a third of a full portion, which costs $60.yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…3rd COURSE - PAPPARADELLE (Baby Octopus Pasta)Wide squid-ink pasta cooked Al Dente was paired with baby octopus and a distinctive sugo sauce.  For some it might be too strong in taste and textures; however, it was a pleasant reminder of dishes I had during 2 trips to Venice, Italy.yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…4th COURSE - BRANZINO (baked sea bass)Mediterranean Sea Bass was rolled and baked w/grilled eggplant as filling, and served with sautéed swiss chard on a bed of roasted tomato saffron sauce. The presentation resembled Osso Buco:  yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…5th COURSE - BICCHIERINOThe waiter recommended this.  Double layer of Mascarpone cream and chocolate ganache, nougat with espresso savoiardi biscuits.  The dessert was rich in depth, not too sweet, and rather understated, but then again, there are times you don't want a dessert to "upstage" the preceding dishes.yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…SUMMARY OF MEAL:Refined Italian dining reminiscent of meals I've experienced in the Italian cities of Venice, Florence and Rome. $45 BBE/DineLA menu is a steal imo.Tasting menu consisted of small portions, (typical of haute cuisine meals in Italy) with distinct and strong flavors indicating culinary risk by the chef. The plin truffle ravioli and squid ink pasta were very savory and packed a punch in small bites. There was a progression of flavors from the start to a quiet, yet satisfying denouement with the dessert.SERVICE: The waiters are all Italian, knowledgeable and take great pride in the cuisine and wines at Piccolo.  Service is Old World: Don't come here expecting the waiters to flirt with you - they want the food to speak for itself. If you're on a date, perhaps you or your nervous companion will appreciate that it will only be the food doing the seducing from the restaurant's side.THE INSIDE JOKE ABOUT "BOBO THE BALD CHEF"yelp.com/biz_photos/picc…In the Ladies room, there are framed receipts containing remarks about "Bobo the bald chef" who "accosts" the customers.Before leaving, I asked my waiter, Fabio about the receipts and he said, "As you can see, it is a serious restaurant, but it brings fun."One customer wrote: "Came to be accosted by the bald chef. WTF! I still loved the food XOXO"I concur.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,10/11/2013,1441,859,17,24,18>I met a group of colleagues here for lunch.  We walked in and were seated immediately.  The waitress was absolutely lovely - friendly, funny, and helpful!  Then, the restaurant manager came by the table to check on us to see if we were OK.  Super!Little did I know - all 5 of the people in our dinner party were Yelpers.  Being the geeks that we are, we all checked into the restaurant via our iPhone apps.  We each got a 10% discount off of our food bill.  BADABING!!!For my drink, I had the sparkling lemonaide.   Freshly squeezed elmons, mixed with a little simple syrup and carbonated wated.   Refreshing and cool!  The waitress must have given me 2-3 free refills on this!For my appetizer, I had the small plate of miso butterfish.  This dish was absolutely BOMGSHADIGGIDITYOMGDELICIOUS!   Being from Hawaii, I've eaten many different preparations of butterfish, but this one was made well!  HIGHLY recommended!   Grade:  A!For my main course, I had the sashimi salad.  This was mixed greens with about 5-6 slices of fresh Ahi  Tuna.  This was served with a soy sesame seed oil dressing.  Nice and simple salad, freshly made.  Grade:  BFor me, the dessert was the highlight of the meal!   I'm not really a big sweets fan, but I enjoyed the Granny smith Apples dipped in caramel sauce.  Someone else at the table ordered it and insisted I try it.  I ended up ordering one (or was it two) more orders of the dessert because it was deeeelish.  Painting by words - Imagine you are eating hot caramel sauce, mixed with condensed milk (but not sweet), and the sauce is thickened.  It partly reminded me of the See's Butterscotch Lollipops on Granny Smith apples!   HUMMUNAHUMMUNADEEEELICIOUS!  Grade:  A+Food Grade:  A!Service Grade:  A!Worth the Money Grade:  A!Overall Impression:  A!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,10/10/2013,791,331,18,23,21>Long before the gourmet Doughnut, Cupcake and Cookie craze their was the Bagel shop, sitting a top the carbohydrate mountain.   Clearly more of a savory and breakfast item, Western Bagel was one of the first to offer specialty bagels and spreads and certainly on the top of the Bagel bakery kingdom. Times and tastes have changed but every now and again when you get a craving for bagels, this place really hits the spot. So that being stated, this is really more about the bagels than this particular location. I have found their various store fronts to be very equal in service and consistent in quality. So why go to Western Bagel? Tradition be damned! Check out this bastardization of bagel-dom.   The everything with Jalapeno and cheese is a Jackson Pollock of the bagel world. It is a meal unto itself and when fresh, it is oh so tasty. yelp.com/biz_photos/west…For you Forrest Gump lovers, Bubba Gump shrimp has nothing on Western bagel, check out the variety! ( some are seasonal and some are available only with advanced ordering but still !  ) And yes it is called Western Bagel, not an "I am attempting to act like we are making a NYC bagel in LA." So get over it and enjoy some good tasting-bad for you carbs.  Enjoy a true LA bagel !       ORIGINAL BAGELSPlain *SaltOnion *PumpernickelSesame *PoppyseedPumpkin (Seasonal)Jalapeno100% Whole Wheat100% Whole Wheat Everything100% Whole Wheat Sesame100% Whole Wheat OnionSun Dried TomatoRyeGarlicRaisinBlueberry *Honey WheatRound BialyChocolate ChipCinnamon Raisin *Everything *SourdoughStrawberrySprouted WheatSprouted Wheat SesameSprouted Wheat RaisinGreen (seasonal)ALTERNATIVE BAGELSCountry White *Roasted Onion *Sweet Wheat *Cinnamon Spice *Very Blueberry *Italian Herb *SPECIALTY BAGELSCheeseOnion CheeseEverything Jalapeno CheesePizzaEverything CheeseJalapeno Cheese
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,10/9/2013,974,310,32,25,24>I am so fricking obsessed with this place that I want to bathe in juice and wash my hair in smoothie.  I have always been a juice lover, but not until this cult classic have I really being die-hard psycho pants.  (OK, you can argue that I am die-hard psycho pants pre-JC, but let's not foray into the details).   Each morning as I open my eyes to greet the beautiful world around us, all I can think is two things:1. Sheesh, I am fucking awesome.2. I need a Silvercup to maintain my aforementioned awesomeness. What is a silvercup?  It should really be named diamond cup or fuck-yeah cup, but it's a delicious smoothie that makes a truly ideal breakfast. It has walnuts, kale, dates and unicorn pee ... oh my! I always get it with vegan protein powder because I want to be strong, obviously.  I also pick up either a #12 (amazing cucumber based juice) or a #13 (like a better master cleanse) that I dilute with water to fuel my morning ritual.  After JC, I feel invincible almost like the real JC (like in this case I mean Jesus) has blessed my little silvercup and sent me on to embrace the day and give the world a hug.  Bottom line: GO! You WILL NOT be sorry.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,10/8/2013,281,191,5,11,7>8am-1pm Tuesdays & Saturdays. My review is for a standard Saturday Farmers Market outing.One of the absolute best farmer's markets in the South Bay and probably the best that I have been to. On a Saturday I counted 22 fast food booths & 8 dining tents (I guess the original 4 were not enough). lol Minimum one performer, often 2 on opposite ends of the market. The website states 60+ farms but let's just say it's a good morning walk. Many locals come out to enjoy the wonderful South Bay mornings, if you are from the area you will likely bump into someone you know. lol This farmer's market is not held in the street, vendors drive in & park in the Wilson Park parking lot. Once all vendors are in there are no moving vehicles & I think that's part of what I like about this farmers market. No flimsy plastic barricades between you & traffic. Added plus if you have kiddies is the park. If they have extra energy take 'em around the park once, visit the duck pond, & once they're pooped browse the market.My favorites: eggs, avocados, delish summer oranges, kumquats, nectarines, cactus, variety of fresh fruit & veggies. Favorite food vendors include The Crepes and Thai Tiffany chicken sticks.Parking get's full quickly so expect to walk a bit through the parking lot or the park just to get to the market.Don't want to deal with all parking & people then go early or go on Tuesday. lol.W.C.: Adjacent gymnasium bathrooms open at 10am and are clean! (Yay, no porta poties!) You can also use the park bathrooms a short walk to the south.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/7/2013,1110,542,4,12,8>Highly recommend OPC!Had breakfast here 2 days ago thanks to all the amazing yelp reviews. This spot is just a short drive from campus making this breakfast joint on my hit list.A friend of mines joined me for breakfast and we ended up sharing the eggs benedict and ham/onion/spinach frittata. Melissa our server was really thoughtful and brought us blackberry/raspberry pancakes on the house! I highly recommend the pancakes and would come back just to get my pancake fix.Free parking in the back. Indoor/outdoor seating. Outside seating dog friendly.I noticed a lot of the breakfast items had black beans in it, so if you're not like me and love black beans theres a lot of that going on here.OPC I'll be back!I'm a fan.- Miss Yelp 2013
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,10/6/2013,510,482,6,9,6>If you been to Honeyboba or Half and Half this place has the same big cups! Sorry bounce but there's a new boba place in town that offers more than the the basic teas. I have to say that I like the milk teas here better than their fruity drinks. I liked what they did with the space. It looks very clean and I love the bright blue counter. There's also a projector where they play music videos. The pudding and honey boba were excellent definitely stacks up to Half and Half. The staff is very friendly and attentive. The owner was there too supervising. They didn't have any change so they gave me back a whole dollar. Good customer service. They were fast for a place that just opened. I've been to many boba places that just open and it's always slow. But they were fast here and the drink still came out great. The milk tea with pudding and caramel wasn't too sweet and was perfect. Though by the time  you get about half way you'll be sining "we've reached the climax." The drink gets really plain at the end. They have a lot of extra add ons too here. You also get a great workout from walking up and down the stairs to get here.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,10/5/2013,227,355,4,8,6>The only reason we went here is the reason I'm giving this 4 stars: they are open late.  They were open until 3am on a Thursday night so I was happy to come here rather than the usual Johnnies or taco trucks that are open this late.  The iPad ordering is cool.  Very innovative.  Just need to figure out a better way to pay cash I think. The whole idea I thought was to minimize that part of the dining experience and the staff wouldn't need to touch money and just concentrate on cranking out food, like how Japan Ramenya do it.  Obviously you would need another way of doing it so I guess that this is a moot point without another type of vending machine type interface.  Good concept though.The Bold Ramen was okay.  My tamago was overdone so the yolk was chalky already.  The dashi was not as strong as I like it.  Maybe if there was a choice to choose stronger soup like Hakata Ramen?   No one likes copycats but if your ramen rocks, who cares.  Just an option maybe?I am anxious to try other dishes here as it was late and I was not super eager to eat big before going to sleep.  Seems like there is not too much seating so I imagine that it can get crowded during busy hours and on weekends.  I don't see why there are not more Ramenya open until 3.  They can make a killing if they locate themselves right.  Japanese people love ramen after drinking all night.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,10/4/2013,194,160,8,11,10>About ten years ago, Westwood had single screen theaters on almost every corner.  Seriously, there were like six in the Village alone.  Since then, most were demolished or expanded into multi-screen theaters.  The nearby Landmark Nuart is one of the few remaining single screeners, and one of my beloved faves.It's definitely a throwback... Despite somewhat recent renovations, it feels cozy and familiar (ahem, outdated).  But the movie line-up is incredible.  True to Landmark form, the Nuart features independent and foreign films and documentaries, usually on one-week rotations.  So if you eye a movie that you'd like to watch, get on it because it'll be gone the following week.  Look out for in-person Q&A showings too.The Nuart also regularly features the Rocky Horror Picture Show every Saturday at midnight.  Plus, they have CINE Insomnia on Friday nights!  CINE Insomnia is super cool -- it's a weekly Friday midnight showing of legendary classics and fan favorites like Battle Royale, Drive, Jaws, and A Clockwork Orange.  (The Shining, Fight Club, and Clueless are coming up!)  They also do prize give-aways.  :)$8.50 before 6pm Mon-Thurs, first showings on Fri-Sun, and for seniors/children.  Otherwise, $11.  Parking can be tough, nearby meters sometimes fill up quickly on weekend evenings.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,10/3/2013,47,123,29,8,6>So someone gave The Bagel Factory 2 stars and wrote this:"These bagels were not very chewy and closer to stale and dry. I don't know if it is because I bought the bagels at night and ate them the next morning, but it was not very impressive. I think that a really good bagel has to have a level of chewiness and be fresh."She says a really good bagel has to be fresh, yet buys a bagel at the end of the day (probably not the best time to get a fresh bagel) and then saves it until the following morning. And then she wonders if waiting overnight to eat it is why it's stale and dry. Of course it is, it's not fresh any longer, you're eating a day old bagel. Why do you think day old bagels are $3 for a dozen? I wanted to reach through the internet and poke her in the eye. Anyway, if you like NY-style bagels, this place is pretty good. Just don't buy the bagel today, eat it tomorrow and expect it to be at its best.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,10/2/2013,271,845,6,17,10>Writing reviews gets boring after a while, especially when you've done 500+. But then, every once in a while, you encounter food that is so good, so rare, novel, beautiful and delicious that you feel utterly compelled to write about your experience.Maddy's is one of the finest food experiences in Los Angeles. This quaint, inviting and lovely space draws you in to sit and enjoy one of a variety of hand-made ice creams or a cup of tea or a panini, again made with from-scratch ingredients.I had a variety of ice creams, from the almond amaretto to the soy pistachio ($2.50 for a small scoop, $4 for a larger scoop). Unlike at most ice cream stores, the ice cream here uses actual, whole ingredients to get a richer, fuller flavor---for example, instead of just adding pistachio flavoring, Maddy's actually grinds its own pistachios. This is unusual in the shortcut-laden, margin-minded world of quick-serve restaurants.The chef here, Dave Anderson, continues the innovative traditions he started at Madeleine Bistro in Tarzana. The paninis feature home-made rustic bread, cashew cheese, savory spreads and an elegant array of vegetables and herbs. The portobella sandwich ($10) has thinly-sliced mushroom poached in olive oil at low heat for hours before. The Cajun Seitan sandwich is a spicy and savory beast that leaves you craving more ($11). Simply spectacular.Visit Maddy's for delicious, savory, hearty and unique food. This place is a gem and I will be back often.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/1/2013,215,196,9,10,10>Oi my gosh is this a foodie spot the west side of the valley has been dying for! I'm happy to say my first mobile review will also go to best Asian fusion spot on this side of the valley!Okay so lets start by, get everything but first try the shredded pork over rice! Holy moly, it's the most tender flavorful shredded pork on perfectly moist rice with tons of shredded seaweed with green onions and their house pickled radish (refer to amazing pix). I didn't even know I enjoyed pickled radishes until I came here! Their dynamite fries consist of crisp sweet potato fries smothered in spicy mayo with confit garlic & cilantro. Yes, they're fancy..CONFIT garlic! Sure the initial bulb of garlic doesn't look too appealing but once you question why it was even there & bite into it, you realize that the garlic compliments it & hits you like "uhm..duh?".Turon is yummy but what kicks ass with it is...pause...drum roll...ready?! AVOCADO ICECREAM! major thumbs up for this combo.Last but def not least, they have the bessst BUN here!!! Don't know what a bun is? Think of the bread you get at a Chinese restaurant when ordering Peking duck, sandwiched in Oi's crispy pork belly smothered in their delectable...hoi sin?soy? Something amazing sauce with a thin crisp refreshing cucumber. I drool as I write about this.  Tried some bun in New York but I'm glad the valley has some better ones!! Price for this is about $2.35? $2.50? Something really cheap for something really awesome.Overall, this is Asian food that is new, exciting & leaves you craving more...in fact... I want some now! In addition to the great food, they are fast and make everything fresh! All the staff are extra friendly & have great memory to who you are and what you order.  I've really only been here a few times but have only ordered what I wrote about & they remember! This shows they care about what they do & who they're cooking for.I can't wait to go back & try their oh so bomb looking spare rib. Yes, I found a new favorite restaurant. Whoo hoo, thanks for opening up down the street, OiTip for noobs: if u wanna try the kimchi mashed potatoes OR spare rib, get there early because they run out fast.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,9/30/2013,1682,713,26,35,29>A few of us gathered to celebrate the 4th of July holiday and I was made aware of this restaurant for the first time.  I'm a huge fan of Mediterranean cuisine so I was on board from the get-go when Fia R suggested this spot.Apparently it's the second location to the Flame restaurant in Westwood which I had never been to but after this experience at Flame International, will most likely make a point to visit soon.The restaurant is nice and upscale with a really comfortable ambiance. They create a serene setting with the use of 4 paned flat screens interchanging nature scenes  as you dine here.  Tables are covered with white linens and the whole dining area  had a nice comfortable feel.The menu had a lot of great options and one that we all seemed to want to try was their 14 oz. dry aged Del Monico N.Y. Steak special for $25 which came advertised with cherry rice and looked absolutely divine.  I also saw that they had a Lamb shank plate for $15 and since lamb shank is my favorite meat, I was torn between the two.  I ended up just ordering both because I really wanted to try each item.  Our waiter Joseph suggested I have the shank with their lima bean rice.  I was hesitant initially not being a huge fan of lima beans but he said it was good and if I didn't like it, would switch it out with another rice dish which was much appreciated.For starters, we were served their hummus which was absolutely delicious with the flat bread they served us as well as the tzatziki (yogurt mixture) and the medley of diced cucumbers and tomatoes: Hummus: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Tzatziki and Diced Cucumbers and Tomatoes: yelp.com/user_local_phot…We were later served a traditional appetizer called tadigh which is a called Saffron Rice Crust on the menu. This came with 1-3 side stews which is poured on top. The rice resembled the burned layer of rice on the bottom of a rice pot that had been heated bit too long being slightly brown on the bottom. The dealio is you pour the stew on top to moisten the crisp rice. We had a spinach and lentil stew with both containing tender chunks of lamb.  I would definitely order this again.After munching on the appetizers, our main plates eventually came out and everything looked absolutely delectable!  My steak looked so scrumptious as did my lamb shank.Del Monico Steak: yelp.com/biz_photos/flam…Lamb Shank: yelp.com/biz_photos/flam…Cherry Rice: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Lima Bean Rice: yelp.com/user_local_phot…The steak was perfect cooked to a medium rare and the lamb shank was so succulent that I'm glad I had the opportunity to try it. I actually loved both rice plates as each one was savory and distinct in their own right.  If you are able to do it, I'd recommend ordering both to try.For dessert, we had the New York Style Cheesecake, an ice cream sandwich and the Falloudeh which was a rice noodle sorbet.  The cheesecake was probably my least favorite as it was very light and we were informed that it was a low-fat version and it certainly tasted it.  My favorite was the ice cream sandwich with the ice cream being infused with rose hips and bits of pecan placed between two safron vanilla wafers. This was to die for.  The Falloudeh was interesting being more sweet than tangy sorbet with bits of the rice noodle giving it a slight crunch.  We topped this all off with some Persian hot tea and our fabulous feast came to an end.Cheesecake: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Ice Cream Sandwich: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Falloudeh: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Wuf! I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and the entire experience at Flame International.  Mo the owner was very pleasant to have met and Joseph our server was a delight being both informative and a humorous making our time spent a most memorable one.  I would definitely come back to dine here again because everything was on point from the ambiance, service to the food.A special thanks to Fia R. for putting this event together and shout outs to Daniel L., Greg N. and Esther, Jay B. and Wen, Liz O. and Tony
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/29/2013,123,94,11,17,12>Returned to da club...da Sofa Club. No, there's still no DJs, bouncers, gogo dancers or extremely inebriated partygoers (at least that I saw). But the furniture is still there. And it is good.Went in-store and talked to David about getting a queen frame, mattress, dresser and TV stand. Flipped through some catalogs, found all the pieces I liked, bounced on some mattresses to find one suited for me...no dice. David then suggested he was out of stock on a mattress I'd probably like that was medium firm, so I trusted him and said to book it. He added that if I didn't like it, no hassle return. Sounds good -- shook hands, signed papers, agreed on a delivery date and I was out of there in no more than an hour.Delivery guys arrived (who were the same gentlemen from my first review), brought everything up and assembled it all on spot in less than a half hour. They for sure did it a lot quicker together than I'd be able to by myself. Everything was carefully put together and I was happy, passed them a tip that also covered the last time they dropped off the furniture and I neglected gratuity (Yelpers -- no more hate mail plz) and they even tossed out the boxes and everything. Bangin'.A couple days later, I found that one of the drawers on my dresser was opening all wonky and weird. Called David, said he'd send the guys back to take a look and if need be, take away the defective piece and bring me a brand new one, no charge. Coolio -- guys show up again on time, fix the drawer's track faster than I could leave my room and all was good. Now that's service for you. The mattress initially felt a little firmer than I'd like, but either I got accustomed to it or I broke it in because it's just perfect and I have to commend David on his recommendation. Well done, chap.I pretty much have all the furniture I'll need...but man, Sofa Club sure does make furniture shopping easy and simple. Maybe I'll find a few more excuses to buy a couple more pieces from them. Great guys, nice pieces, fair prices, fast and courteous delivery/assembly...need I say more? Nope -- just go here, okay?
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,9/28/2013,1606,481,16,20,18>This is probably by far the best library in Torrance, CA. Their selection is insane! They have the Great Course's CD series sets. Entire Seasons of GREAT HBO shows like the wire. They have a huge microfiche collection. Great staff. Free tutoring. It's book selection is IMPRESSIVE TOO! It also has radical pictures of people surfing and doing extreme stuff like para sailing. These kinds of photos are on the library walls! Man I love California.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,9/27/2013,318,220,8,11,7>Hello restaurant that took over Rubio's!Don't let the first part of their name "Curry House CoCo" fool you, since this popular curry chain in Japan is not affiliated with Curry House (House Foods brand). Here's how this place works: You check out what you want to order and order. If you want to order their curries, you get to choose between various levels of spiciness as well as the rice portion. They have 10 levels of spiciness. Their general levels are mild, regular, regular spicy, but for spicy food lovers close to the extreme, their regular spicy level doesn't have an effect. One thing I dislike about this place is that they charge per spicy level. For a spicy level of 3/10 (seems soooo low), it's an extra 60 cents. A spicy level of 4 is an extra 80 cents, and any other levels after that is an extra dollar. WHY MUST I PAY $1 TO HAVE POSSIBLE GASTROINTESTINAL DISTRESS???Their regular portion of rice is perfect for me. If you want a larger portion of rice, you add money. If you want a small portion of rice, deduct 50 cents or so, and if you want the extra small portion of rice, deduct a dollar. I tried spicy level 4 based on recommendation from a worker here, and it wasn't really that spicy to me. However, I was told by multiple people that my taste buds for spicy foods is broken for the most part... :/ Maybe to even the price to average at this place, I should get spicy level 10 and an XS portion of rice (add a dollar and then subtract the dollar). Their spicy is a peppery spicy.Their dishes (dinner at least) doesn't come with a side salad. You're paying $5 (plain curry and rice price) - $15 (regular dish plus an extra) on average just for the dish. They do have salads for sale though. Ichibanya also has various types of keema curry (more Indian inspired than Japanese), and they also have naan (popular bread in Indian cuisine). A side of plain naan is just a dollar, and they also have naan pizzas from naan with cheese to naan with cheese, keema curry, chicken cutlet with cheese on top. Their chicken cutlet naan was delicious. It was around $9, and not as big as a regular pizza and whatnot, but it was packed with awesomeness. It was the naan bread with curry and on top of the curry was the chicken cutlet and a generous amount of cheddar cheese is on top of the chicken cutlet. Yum!I'd also love to try their omelette dishes and their curry udons.Oh oh oh, they also have milk tea, ramune, thai tea, smoothies, etc etc. When I actually dine in, I will definitely try! I usually wait until I've been to a place at least twice to review, but I got way too excited. I will definitely update my review if my feelings have changed... but something does worry me a bit. Service has been super great, but they haven't been so busy, especially so soon after grand opening. Location isn't the most ideal, but is is very good for the law firms and other offices around this area. Also, their tables and chairs are white. The chairs have white cushions, and they give crayons to kids here. I was so worried that my daughter almost drew on the clean white tables and white cushioned chairs. Ahhh! I hope they don't get dirty too easily. Oh, if you're lucky enough, you'll get a free mug if you order a dish from this place the first week of their opening while supplies last. They are very good quality mugs!Parking lot is on Armacost/Wilshire.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,9/26/2013,1126,245,10,19,13>If you're single in your late 20s-30s then you're in luck because this place can get a little overrun with lookie-loos with an agenda to hook up at night.If you're taken or just not into cruising the bars, then it's still a fabulous destination for brunch, lunch or dinner. There are great booth spaces for larger parties and dark little corners for twosomes on dates. The outdoor patio is a nice al fresco option during day or night, and it's dog friendly.Solid personal favorites:- Caesar salad with poached egg- Brussel sprouts- Truffle fries- Shortribs and polenta- Mushroom, gruyere and truffle oil pizza (the crust is hit or miss but it still tastes AWESOME)- A very satisfying burgerGood to know:- Brunch is available on Saturday AND Sunday with a DIY Bloody Mary bar and bottomless Mimosas!-  Happy Hour happens from 12-7pm Monday-Friday with $5 well drinks/house wine and food specials from 3-4pm on the weekends.- Mondays mean half-off bottles of wine and champagne!- Tuesday is Pizza & Beer night which means half price gourmet pizzas and $2 draft pints with over 20 beers to choose from...
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,9/25/2013,400,155,12,21,19>So far, I can only write about the wonderful cold Roast Beef sandwiches because they have been so good I can't bring myself to order anything else !  Ask for the freshly baked Crusty Bread !  They roast their own rib eye to a perfect medium rare and it is so tender it seemed like eating Prime Rib !  All ingredients were fresh and of high quality.  The cheese taste better than what you get at any other deli.  They make their own horseradish sauce for this sandwich, which tastes mild and slightly sweet.The Antipasto Salad looked amazing and was well priced.  The owner says their Balsamic Roast Chicken Salad is a great favorite too.Big variety of imported Italian products and many homemade items as well.  Top quality olive oil for salads and sandwich dressing was available at very good prices.Thanks to fellow Yelpers, I now know I can buy very good pre-made pizza dough to take home for 99 cents and make my own large pizza ( I always add many fresh ingredients to pizza purchased at other places anyway. )The only table seating is outside on the sidewalk patio, but it is a quiet one-way street ( at the corner of Weymouth.)  Owner, Vince and all the workers have been very friendly and helpful.  They want to get it just right for you !__________________________________________________­________________Recession Fighting Tips:The large sandwiches are almost double the size of the "medium" for $2 more and have been satisfying for two people.This the cheapest place to get very good quality extra virgin Olive Oil - the kind that tastes the best for anything you are serving cold ( salads, sandwiches, marinated mushrooms etc. )Side of homemade Meatballs are only $3.75 for six, and homemade Sausage are only $4.25 for 3 large ones.   Hard to beat !!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,9/24/2013,612,413,7,8,8>This was an awesome event! Probably one of the best Yelp events I've gone to! Not only did we get fed, but we also had a great workout beforehand!This event was held in L3 (never knew such a place existed) on the 3rd floor of the Santa Monica Place (mall) right across from The Market.It was a pleasant surprise to be greeted with Lorna Jane goodie bags that had a coupon and a free tank top from Lorna Jane! Awesome!We had an excellent 45 min workout provided by someone who teaches at YogaWorks. She was great! This was my first yoga class and I was really glad that I got a chance to experience it with other Yelp Elites! :) Thank you for providing water and the nice, clean mats.Then we had a wholesome, yummy meal catered by True Food Kitchen. I've always wanted to try their food. The place was nicely decorated with white tables and chairs. We had a chance to try either the turkey wrap or the TLT (Tempeh BLT). We also had the kale salad and a mediterranean salad. All super delicious!! I also really liked the watermelon drink.And one of the best surprises was to hear and see Lorna Jane herself come out and speak to us about her career and her passion to inspire others to live a more active lifestyle. I got a chance to stop by her store, located on the first floor of the mall located right across from True Food Kitchen, and she has some really cute active wear!Thank you Yelp, Brittany B., Lorna Jane, and True Food Kitchen for a fun experience!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/23/2013,378,174,11,18,7>The Twilight Concert Dance Series at the Santa Monica Pier is one of the greatest highlights in all of Southern California. I've been going to the Santa Monica Pier to check out the sights, lights, sounds, and tourists for a while now and it just keeps getting better. Nestled off the coast of the mighty Pacific and in conjunction with Colorado Avenue, the Santa Monica Pier is a half mile stretch of beauty, fun, and good times. The concert at the pier enhances this times 10. My friends and I usually meet up before hand to grill out and have a few drinks. Parking can be a real pain. It's either permit, meter, or parking garage. Either way, you're droppin' hella cash to park your ride. I suggest biking, walking, or making friends with a local SaMo resident and borrowing their parking pass. I've never arrived early enough to get a REALLY good spot on the pier, so we usually camp out on the beach. Lately, I've been going with some really beautiful women, so the music hasn't been my top priority. It's best to bring a few blankets, a cooler, and some beverages to enjoy while in the sand. The sunset on the horizon of the Santa Monica mountains mixed with the bright lights of the Ferris wheel and roller coaster on the pier, make this night prime for scoring that perfect Instagram. #blessed The music is good. I never really pay too much attention to the music, but the acts are usually mid-level musicians playing to a MASSIVE crowd of 2,000 people on a blanket. The crowd is typical LA. Young, active, intellectuals line the beach and die hard Beliebers pack the pier stage. I like the crowd on the beach because you get a mix of tourists, locals, and music aficionados. Recommendations: The weather has been brisk this summer. Wear a sweatshirt and some sort of pants. You definitely won't regret it. Bring something to sit on! You don't want to be that guy/girl who's sitting on the sand while everyone else is basically spooning the night away on a Snuggie. Bring stuff to drink! It makes the night 10 x more fun.Be aware of the police. These guys are POWER TRIPPING during this entire show. It's the one negative of the show. The cops ride up and down the sand on their four-wheelers shining their flash lights on everyone. They also have four or five large Ford pickups parked ON the beach waiting to pounce on a drunk YOLO enthusiast. Be smart. If you really want a good seat, get there early. Might I suggest 1pm. Ha ha. Na - try 6:30-7:00pm. PROS:-View-Music-Friends-Beach-Santa Monica-EverythingCONS: -PO POBefore I moved to California, this was what I envisioned the perfect SoCal night to be. It really is a treat - even if you're in your Twilight years. BOOOOOM!Check it out. Sean
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,9/22/2013,771,257,6,14,7>First and most it is a TACO Shop and not some fancy eatery and great for pick up on the go. It is located on a strip mall sort of hidden next to 99 cent stores so you can easily miss it. Tom's Tacos is very similar to Titos at Culver city and since I live in south bay and don't want to drive all the way for tacos to Culver city I am thrilled about Tom's Taco's. I love the crispy taco shells and the meat flavoring is perfect. Orders comes with chips and salsa as I recall. Last time I was there I remember they only accept CASH.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,9/21/2013,1932,629,4,7,7>We tried the Happy Hour Menu this time. EVERYTHING on the Happy Hour Menu!!!The price is great! The size is like tapa style~ Perfect to try 6 different appetizers. The bartenders are nice. The location is unbelievable!!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,9/20/2013,330,1259,5,7,9>How can a churro be so delicious?  I'm really not sure, but what I do know is that it's wonderfully crispy, fluffy and my favorite part is that it isn't over sweetened.  A lot of desserts tend to be too sweet for me.  I don't remember the last time I tried Mexican hot chocolate so we were definitely excited to get a little espresso shot size hot chocolate.  Don't let the size fool you, or the look of it.  It is quite thick and while I was unsure of how I would like it, it definitely satiates, warms, and delights the taste buds.  It has a slightly sweet taste and velvet texture.  Get it and try it out if you haven't had it.  It's definitely worth it to experience it.  If it is too thick for you, you can just dip your churro in it for a nice silky coat of chocolate.The shop itself is quite small but it has a warm and cozy cafe feel and a very distinct ambiance.  You'll be wondering if you are still even in LA.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,9/18/2013,595,326,9,13,9>Sugar Fish is not just a restaurant it is a culinary experience. Trust me when I say I have had the opportunity to eat at some of the finest sushi establishments all over the world. Some are very americanized and made to produce to the masses a'la Nobu, and then some really phenomenal hole in the wall joints that just like Sugar Fish have a simple menu with the same idea of just providing a good product. And until recently I didn't think it was possible to find anything better than those great hole in the wall joints pumping out absolutely insane food..... That is until Sugar Fish.My first experience with SugarFish was dining to-go.... I was happy as a little calm that night I hopped into bed to watch a movie and eat some great sushi that happened to come in a cute little box and fun instructions on how I was supposed to prepare my sushi. It was fun and the food was great. to-go service was fantastic and I have done it multiple times since that fateful day! Lets just say that night I watched my movie and ate my yummy sushi in bed and was in euphoria. Still.... I felt like I was missing out on the actual experience that Sugar Fish is known for. I had to wait for my stars to align perfectly for that to happen. If you remember my previous post my husband wouldn't touch sushi with a 10 foot pole - in fact he makes me brush my teeth before I can even get a kiss if I have been eating sushi ( weirdo) and my friend who loves sushi got pregnant, Yippeeee for her, not so much for my quest to eat INSIDE sugar fish. and I am too shy to dine alone ( how do people do that? I envy that) But the stars did align and I found a girlfriend to go with me who happens to be a chef in Vegas and was dying to try sugar fish after I bragged about how insanely good and how fresh their fish was. So we went, we waited because come on their is always a wait - but the hostess was sweet enough to take my number and call me when our table was ready since we were next door getting a martini! She finally called and we went over and were sat at the bar.  The young man who was our waiter that evening said he remembered my yelp review and said he would give me a lesson on sushi an d how to recognize which fish was which since that was a complaint in my last review. He delivered and was super informative beyond just telling me that white one there is yellowtail - he was much more in depth and I appreciated it. Every single time I have dined here at their Calabasas location service has been the best. friendly, efficient and management is always on top of things and super friendly to customers - we chatted for a couple minutes last night and it was pretty much me going "omg i love your food.... I want to roll around in your food, hoping some of the greatness will wear off on me" he laughed, thought I was weird (who wants to be normal) and wished me a good night! Anyways on to the food - I am a sushi addict and I think the trust me menu is for losers so I always get the Nozawa. I go for the big girl meal ( don't judge) and let me just say that the first time I actually ate inside the restaurant vs. to-go I literally had goose bumps. The fresh fish and the warm rice and their ponzu sauce just makes for this totally magical combination and it just melts in your mouth. Their hand-rolls are insane as well - they toast their nori which really gives this great toasty, sesame like taste..... i could eat them all day long. btw you have 40 seconds to eat that baby before it gets soggy.This is a 5 star restaurant ignore the others who say it isn't.... They run out of food but thats because they don't over buy or keep anything frozen in the back. They get fresh fish EVERY SINGLE DAY. They don't give out extra sauces or rice. I get it, we as americans are used to getting it our way. Thats just not the way they operate here. I think it's refreshing and I know when I come here I am going to get super high quality fish that is beyond fresh. So come here, order some sake, and get ready for an adventure.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,9/17/2013,561,853,9,12,11>OOOOOOOOOO------MMMMMMMMMMMMM-------GGGGGGGGGGGGG.  I am soooooooooo excited that we stumbled upon, not one Carrara Pastries, but this is the SECOND shop that Damiano has opened.  I only know this wizard of a pastry chef because we found his first shop in Moorpark when it first opened, and voila, we happened to stumble onto this one today, not even knowing it was here (we were next door for brunch at Hugo's).  I said to my husband, I wonder if this (Carrara's) is the same as in Moorpark.We walked in, and there was Damiano, looking fab in his all black, classy duds, as Italian and charming as ever.  Aside from being a pastry chef genius, he has one helluva memory, and from the first time we met at his Moorpark bakery (amidst a chaotic grand opening), he remembered me the second time I came in many months later, and now, well over a year after that, he STILL remembers.......and trust me, with vivid detail.  I am always impressed by that kind of attention to detail.Since our initial meetings well over a year ago, he has vastly increased his Italian pastry repertoire, not to mention, offering a full service coffee bar.  His Agoura Hills venue is sleek, sophisticated, and ultra alluring with the razzle dazzle of colorful, delectable pastries.  I can't believe we only bought 2 things......but we were actually en route to grocery shopping and didn't want these to sit in a hot car.  Yes, Moorpark is closer to where we live (and apparently now expanded with more goodies), but I so enjoyed looking around this storefront that I'd likely come back here.  I'm glad we have choices !I have plenty of photos that I took today (that's why I carry my camera for just such impromptu food photo opps), so please believe me that these ARE as good as they look (having purchased more in the past, plus 2 things today).  He really understands the importance of taste, texture and physical appearance......they ALL matter.  We can't have it looking good but with no taste, and we can't have it tasting good but looking boring.  Damiano has got it all.  It is perfection, and that is why he gets 5 stars all the way.  It's the real deal, and I feel such excitement for him that his success has landed him this second location.  I truly am so thrilled for him and what he's created.We tried 2 kinds of cookies, one filled with apricot and the other filled with nutella.  Amazing.  I knew they would be.  With all these new pastry creations we saw today, I can't wait to try some more in the near future when I don't have a grocery run to make !
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,9/16/2013,407,186,9,15,10>6/5 stars. Yes, I love this place SO MUCH that it surpasses "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" to "I tell everyone I know to try this place because it's addicting!"Why do I love this place so much?Large portions. Great service. Healthy. Cheap.  Legit Mediterranean food. You can't go wrong.When I first tried this place, my family ordered almost everything on the menu. Yeahhhhh, we pigged out. So here's a brief rundown of what I tried:Spicy Lemon Garlic Chicken - If you don't know what to get, try this, its amazing. The spice level and balance of lemon/garlic is just right. I wish I knew their recipe so I can recreate this pleasure in my mouth.Chinese Chicken Salad - probably the best I've ever had. Chicken Kebobs - blast of flavor but does not compare to the rest.SPICY hummus / Pita Bread - i used to hate hummus but Chicken Maison's version helped me develop a love for it. Potato Salad - very rich, very tasty. I couldn't get enough of it. Greek coleslaw - my least favorite item but that's probably because I'm used to more coleslaw milk. Maison rice - So delicious. I can eat this for days. It was my family's first time trying Mediterranean food, and they loved it... which is saying a lot since they're picky eaters. Stick this restaurant in your bookmarks and try it!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,9/15/2013,397,211,7,11,10>I went for coffee on my lunch break and discovered this little jewel. I ordered a latte, and the espresso flavor was amazing... though I wish my latte was just a tad bit hotter. There was only one other person there besides me taking advantage of this great spot. Service is friendly and I really enjoyed the industrial decor and ambiance. A cool place to go solo or for a meeting.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,9/14/2013,76,32,10,29,11>9.5 (out of 10)After seven long years of planning, cajoling, and even begging; I finally got in!  If you have known me during those long, lean years of not getting into one of the most exclusive reservations in the city, you know that I have longed to get in.  Perhaps it was just because of its exclusivity, you might ask, but those who know me, it's all about the food.  And for that, Chef Kaz does not disappoint!So, a brief history of the "The Teriyaki House Pico"...originally started as a teriyaki house because of a business deal gone bad (after Chef Kaz was swindled by a "lawyer" trying to convince him to start his own restaurant), it is nestled on Pico in a row of small shops varying from a shoe repair shop to a Pep Boys.  It (the teriyaki) failed within a short month and half in business.  But, still with the lease to the place and no more money, Kaz didn't know what to do, so he decided to pay homage to the secret restaurants in Japan he was taken to as a child, that didn't have any signs, nor reservations, just invitations...and he choose to serve high end beef, in all its glory, in various preparations.  And, so with little money, he transformed his little teriyaki place into one of LA's meccas of beef.So, onto the meal...it starts with various single-bite appetizers to whet the palate.  It jumps from uni risotto to abalone.  Of note, there is no corkage fee, and the easiest way to impress Chef Kaz is to bring amazing wine to have with the meal.  I suggest some champagne or a soothing white burgundy.  Then, it's onto the beef.It starts with various raw preparations, from beef tar-tar (served with pears, cucumbers and sesame seed oil and a raw quail egg) to outside rib-eye carpaccio, and beef throat, if you're lucky!  Both are sprinkled with a "special salt" and tiny edible flowers.  Then it is onto the table-top grill...where you start with lemon infused beef tongue.  This perfectly taut and simple cut is the perfect introduction into the cooked courses.  Then, it's the marinated filet mignon, served with onions and peppers, along with Korean styled "Saam," or lettuce wrap accouterments.   However, if you're looking for a treat, try this cut raw as well.  It's like biting into some of the best blue fin tuna you'll ever have.  Also of note, the tomatoes are amazingly sweet, and burst with flavor.  Takes these on their own, or with the Saam.  Then, it's the outside, then inside Rib-eye, each bustling with flavor from the marbled fat.  Next, the "kalbi" short rib, then finishing off with marinated skirt steat.  Then, to work as a finishing course, he serves soup, and Japanese version of a Korean soup called "Yoot-Ka-Gang," a spicy egg soup to settle all the beef navigating through your small intestines by this point...(on a side note, I have to wonder just how much Chef Kaz must be influenced by Korean culture, or at least Korean culinary culture.  There's so much here that seems to point to that fact...just thinking out loud here).And for dessert...various fruit sorbets.  How else to cleanse one's palate?  (though, I'm not sure I would want to cleanse anything from my taste buds at this point)  There was mango, raspberry, pistachio, but best of all, the lychee.  What a meal!!!  At some point, you wonder if you can take any more beef, but alas, you don't go to mecca to complain about the bountiful grace and blessings you're bestowed by taking such a pilgrimage.  In the end, the seven years were worth the wait.  I'm just glad it won't have to be another seven more years to enjoy again.  ;)Bon Appétit!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,9/13/2013,7,321,30,23,15>I have decided that I have crossed the line of being "thic"....I am fat.  Yes my name is Rita and I am a sweet addict.  Never met a slice of cake, pie, cupcake, donut, pancake, pan dulce or baklava....get it?The ladies locker room, showers and bathrooms are very clean....that earned them big stars in my book....everyone can tell from my postings, I have a bathroom quirk.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,9/12/2013,594,225,21,13,13>Too poor to go to Venice, Italy?Then come here.Heck, too poor to go to The Venetian Las Vegas?Then come here too.  This place is free and local!  You'll just have to pay for gas and and sit in LA traffic for an hour.  Great if you're a cheapo like me, and don't mind bacteria infested still water and duck poop. Yay!  I'm a fan.  :D
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,9/11/2013,4014,2434,23,34,29>***The Tripel's chef Brooke Williamson did very well on Top Chef and this restaurant features the best food I have found in this area (Playa Del Rey) since Chloe closed a long time ago***I heard about The Tripel a few years ago, but I only recently found out that it was from Top Chef competitor Brooke Williamson (I saw a few episodes of the show and she seemed really smart, nice and modest).  It definitely made me want to give The Tripel a shot so we paid it a visit for a Friday lunch.The Tripel features their full dinner menu during Friday lunch, but there are a few additional lunch items too like their croque madame.  The menu at The Tripel is like a lot of other contemporary and upscale casual restaurants--definitely a farm to table approach with several small plates.  There are also heartier items too like sandwiches and a few different types of burgers.We had a few things and everything was good and some of the dishes were really good.My favorite was easily the red kuri squash dumplings with brussels sprouts, mushrooms and a chimay cheese sauce.  The red kuri squash dumplings were like pan seared gnocchi.  They had great soft and moist centers while the outsides were lightly crispy.  The garnishes were all good.  I really liked the mushrooms and the brussels sprouts; the chimay cheese sauce was creamy and good without being overpowering.yelp.com/user_local_phot…The kale salad was also very good--fresh and leafy kale with great garnishes including creamy burrata, a beet paste, crisp apples, and crunchy walnuts.yelp.com/user_local_phot…We had roasted scallops next and the scallops were definitely high quality.  The scallops had very moist and soft centers.  The outsides were nicely caramelized.  The scallops sat on farro mixed with collard greens, red wine vinegar, baby celery, and duck chicharrones.  I really liked the farro.  It looked like corn and it had a nice flavor (the texture was good too).yelp.com/user_local_phot…I did not like the duck chicharrones, which were really just burnt fat.  While the burnt flavor was not too bad, it was kind of like the scrapings from a pan.We also had the sweet potato waffle fries; unfortunately, the sweet potato tater tots were not available.  The sweet potato waffle fries were very crispy and had a noticeable sweet potato flavor.  I also liked the slightly hot mustard sauce that was served with the fries.  I did wish the fries had a thicker center though so that there would be a better contrast of a soft center with a crispy outside.yelp.com/user_local_phot…They did not have much on their dessert menu, but we did try their grilled ciabattini with Nutella, pistachio and strawberries.  I think this is a dessert a lot of people would like because the bread was crisp and warm while the Nutella was very tasty and creamy.  The strawberries were pretty decent for not being in season, but there was not much on the plate in terms of pistachios.yelp.com/user_local_phot…Service was very good.  Our server was pleasant and pretty attentive given how busy the restaurant got.  The food came out at a very quick pace.Prices were reasonable given the portion sizes and the high quality ingredients used.  The Tripel is not a cheap restaurant, but you definitely get good quality food for a not-that-expensive price.The decor at The Tripel is pretty much a bar-esque decor.  There are not really any tables.  Instead, there is counter seating and a few communal tables.  The restaurant is clean and comfortable and sitting by the window on a sunny day is nice.The Tripel is a great addition to the Playa Del Rey area.  The food might not be as ambitious as what you could find at other contemporary upscale casual small plates restaurants like MB Post, Ink or Animal, but the food at The Tripel is definitely good, creative and modern enough to separate it from a lot of restaurants out there.There is not much in Playa Del Rey and The Tripel is easily the best restaurant in this city and it is also good enough to be considered one of the better restaurants in this general area (Playa Del Rey, El Segundo, Marina Del Rey, Venice, and Culver City).Free street parking is available.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/10/2013,1939,571,12,18,15>The Penthouse really delivered on both their DineLA menu AND on a special occasion experience in general.  I took my boyfriend here last night to celebrate his birthday and we both had a fantastic time.  I can easily say that this was the best DineLA meal I have ever had, out of many over the years.  The food was amazing, the service was excellent, and we loved the gorgeous views and ambience.  The Penthouse is a lovely restaurant on the top floor of the Huntley Hotel.  There are beautiful views on all sides of the dining room (and even in one particular stall in the women's restroom), and the decor is pretty, with lots of candles and romantic lighting once the sun goes down.  Snap a photo or two from the lounge side when the sun is setting.  We were seated at a table that wasn't right next to a window, but it hardly mattered since the views were so expansive.  We both decided to try the DineLA menu, and so I had the Open Face Grilled Cheese (mozzarella, guanciale, harissa, fried egg); the Filet Mignon (rare of course), with Braised Short Rib and Truffle Mashed Potato; and the Profiteroles, with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream and Hot Fudge Sauce for dessert.  He had the Tuna Tartar (with cucumber kimchi, avocado, powdered sesame oil); the Sea Bass with Cashew Romesco and Roasted Corn; and the Chocolate & Peanut Butter Truffle, with Toasted Marshmallow Ice Cream and Toffee Pretzel, for dessert.  We skipped the suggested wine pairings and opted for a couple of the signature cocktails.  I tried the Blackberry Pineapple Sidecar and the Bubbles and Kiwis cocktails.  Of the two, I preferred the Sidecar: Pressed Blackberries, Hennessy VS Cognac, Cointreau, Pineapple Extract & Fresh Lemon Juice.  He had a dirty martini, which was well-made, and the Mob Manhattan:Templeton Rye Whiskey (Al Capone's Whiskey of Choice), Capano Antica Vermouth, Angostura Bitters & Maraschino Cherries.  Great cocktail menu, with something for every taste.  Every dish was so flavorful and well done.  I could eat that grilled cheese every day, with the salty flavor of the guanciale and the perfect, oozy egg.  His tuna tartar was very fresh and the flavors were nicely balanced, with the pickled tang from the kimchi and the creamy, mellow flavor from the pureed avocado.  The apps were so tasty, I was almost afraid of a letdown with the rest of the meal.  Unfounded fears.  My steak was heavenly;  it was perfectly cooked, with a lovely peppercorn jus, and the little mound of braised short rib gave some fun meat-on-meat action.  The bf and I were both blown away by the truffle mashed potatoes though; I think those were the best I have ever had, and they gave just enough to satisfy yet leave you wanting more.  His sea bass was light and fresh, and I found the romesco sauce intriguing.  The desserts were both good, but not as spectacular as the rest of the meal.  The profiteroles were fat and filled with ice cream, and came with a tiny pitcher of the hot fudge.  The chocolate and peanut butter truffle was pretty good, but it was eclipsed by the marshmallow ice cream and even the toffee pretzels.  The service was excellent all around, and our server Ashley was great in particular.  She looks just like Emmy Rossum!  She was attentive and fun to joke around with as well.  The place was pretty noisy when we first arrived, but I attributed much of that to DineLA and the crowd thinned out as the sun went down.  I would love to visit the Penthouse again for their brunch, or even just drinks and that amazing view.  Thanks for a great evening!If you can make it for the current DineLA menu, go now!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2013,9/9/2013,663,264,9,20,15>I remember when this place used to be Mr. Cecil's BBQ spot. That honestly didn't seem too long ago, but here I was... at the same location, but waiting for... sushi.I dined here last Saturday with a group of 8. We took over the entire sushi bar (yes, the sushi bar is small). We all ordered omakase, of course, and began our 4 hour dinner. Here is what our omakase (as of 3/16) looked like:course 1: baby seal eelcourse 2: baby squid, peas (very good!)course 3: cold potato soup with hama hama oysterscourse 4: shirako tofu (soft and delicious)course 5: sashimi of blue fin tuna, kampachi and needlefishcourse 6: bonito sashimi with ponzucourse 7: lobster salad with arugula flower and blue cheese (another one of my favorites, the lobster was sweet and nice balance with the blue cheese)course 8: plate of black squid ink with truffle oil and quail egg, gingko nuts, crab meat, blue cheese ball and ankimo with caviar (one of his signature dishes... the black squid ink with truffle is amazing!)course 9: bamboo shoots with uni (i love anything with uni)course 10: agedashi tomato tofu (this one will blow your mind. tomato as agedashi tofu. so very creative and delicious!)course 11: grilled yellowtailcourse 12: black cod with mountain yam, napa cabbage and maitake mushrooms (i loved the cabbage in this. it added great texture against the tender cod.)course 13 -  28: sushi (various grouper, kampachi, shrimp, ikura, various snapper, golden eye snapper, blue shrimp, barracuda, uni, abalone, squid, more snapper, fried shrimp head) - I love that the sushi chef gave me EXTRA uni. :)course 29: dessert of chocolate pudding, grapefruit sorbet and lemon ice cream with berries.Overall, the meal was so delicious and so very filling. We drank some great sake (born gold, gensai & kensai) and had fresh sushi. The meal was very expensive, but if you don't drink that much, I think it's totally reasonable. I'll definitely be back!!Oh and I love how engaged the sushi chef was. He was friendly and it was a treat to watch him work. If you love sushi and enjoy creative, yet delicious food... come here! And they have a very small parking lot where you can park for free, but usually there's ample street parking (during the weekdays).
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,9/8/2013,459,238,7,8,8>Never had a cream puff so perfectly made.Opt for the Black Sesame. The pastry shell is hard enough to have a bit of a crunch but supple enough to melt in your mouth. The cream was so delicate but still packed a punch in flavor. This place KNOWS their cream puffs and suggest not leaving it in the fridge uneaten for more than overnight. But if you must, it wasn't too much of an altered taste :)
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,9/7/2013,847,97,7,10,11>People that give Big Jo's 3 stars and under deserve a flogging! For what it is, it is definitely 5 stars!!!Big Jo's is AMAZING! The only amazing burger on the west side for less that 20 bucks... less than 10.. err... less than 5... depending on what you get :-) The first 3 years I lived on the West side I didn't have, or even know about Big Jo's because my boyfriend thought I was such a snoot I wouldn't like a burger that didn't have arugula or gourmet kimchi or something else strange and unique to surprise my pallet.  Not True at ALL! Big Joes has great cheeba's! Plain old, fresh beef, cheese, ketchup, lettuce, pickles (which I have none of) and a bun-- and it's amazing! Their burgers are never pre -cooked-- and are juicier than ever!Yeah there's ALWAYS  a line-- but that's because it's good! Duh!! (That, or we're all just stupid lemmings) The line never takes more than 5 minutes to get through, and you'll be happy you waited. Oh, and try the chili cheese fries-- they're so fattening just looking at them will make your butt jiggle for 2 weeks-- but it's SOOOO worth it. A simple review for a simple cheeseburger place-- a SaMo staple-- a must visit / must have!Pros: * AMAZING Cheeseburgers-- I recommend the double cheeba and chili cheese fries.Cons: * The parking situation can sometimes get hairy-- mostly in the summer, but you can always fins on-street parking if there's nothing in their lot. *They have Pepsi products-- Big boo-- I know it makes me lame, but hey-- I love my diet coke!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2013,9/6/2013,797,1031,5,9,8>Bonjour is a Japanese pastry shop and we usually come for a birthday or something a little more special.The thing my family like about Bonjour is that the cakes are more suited for the Asian palate.  It's not too sweet, cakes are much more delicate, and there are the familiar flavors.  Generally we get the Fruit Short Cake and for a 6 inch whole cake, it'll cost $28.  It's not cheap, but it's the quality and the consistency that makes us come back time after time!  To order a whole cake, just do it a day in advance!They also sell cakes here by the slice, as well as other pastries, such as cookies and cream puffs.  Good spot for afternoon tea or just to catch a small dessert with a friend, but there's not much seating inside though since it is pretty small.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/5/2013,130,532,8,13,12>In a span of four weeks, I came to this place three times! That's very rare for a person like myself who loves trying different restaurants all the time. I always love to order different things but here I tend to gravitate towards their white corn scramble. It's made with havarti cheese, which is one of my favorite cheeses. I've also had a couple of their eggs benedicts and they're awesome! If you love garlic the tomatoes have a great garlic flavor on them. If you're planning on coming during the weekend, expect long waits unless you get there early.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,9/4/2013,550,360,5,12,9>What a great find!  I researched Yelp for a place to get Gel nails in Chatsworth and they recommended LT Nails.  I loved my experience there!  Jason and Nancy were very friendly, helpful and informative.  They fit me in when I didn't have an appointment so I appreciate that.Nancy did a fantastic job on my nails and Jason let me know that my Gel nails are guaranteed to last two weeks and to come back if I had any problems.  Wow!  What a great extra bit of customer service!Jason also let me know they use a Gel hybrid so my natural nail won't weaken from this Gel polish.  Another nice extra touch  ;-)Tip - Bring cash for the tip.I had to deduct one star because the private lot is compact and hard to maneuver in.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,9/3/2013,232,243,4,17,7>Super fun!!The hubby and I came here to enjoy some archery as first timers! And we had... an AMAZING TIME!! Now this program is run by volunteers, and is entirely FREE-- everything including safety gear and equipment is provided for you!!! Turns out this program was privately founded to educate the community on the art of archery! Now they function on donations only so please be generous, since donations are also used for the upkeep of the equipment.. Moving on, we came early on a Saturday morning (like at 7am) to pick up sign up forms for the first time mandatory introductory session. But since we live so close, we just turned around and went back to sleep until the class started. FYI I fully recommend you come early bc there are only a certain number of spots available for the first instructional session, and many got turned away when the class started. After the introductory safety class, you get a chance to try out the range for yourself, with staff watching you to provide direction and ensure safety of course. Now Ive never done this before, but it was crazy fun!! I felt sooo Hunger Games while getting my archery on.. I really had to chance to release my inner Katniss!!! Now as you can see in the attached pics, the first bullseye I fired was kinda sad.. barely sticking to the target, and eventually sagged down.. but by the end of the session, I was shooting bulls eyes no problemo with the help of staff of course!! I would have been lost without them...Highly recommend!! So come out here and broaden your horizons!! Cant wait to come back and shoot some more targets!!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,9/2/2013,861,371,6,13,6>Definitely my favorite sushi spot in LA and all the world.  For real.  Ultimately beating out my former - Kiriko on Sawtelle. Every trip here has been an amazing one.  The fish is so fresh, but the albacore sushi is my absolute favorite... melts like buttah in yo' mouf.  The albacore sashimi in ponzu sauce with crispy onion is also delicious and big enough to share... or not.  If you stick to the traditional sashimi/sushi, you won't be disappointed.Another highlight definitely worth mentioning is the Creamy Seabass boat... perfect pieces of cooked creamy seabass on an endive leaf - 6 pieces for like $14... It sits on a little smidget of mashed potato and it's so freaking good... my 2nd favorite thing here!  The creamy crab handroll is also worth ordering... it's on rice paper which enhances the flavor of the inside versus a seaweed wrapper overpowering the whole roll.  And Early Bird Specials are no longer just for the seniors... that's what they call their happy hour.  Great prices until about 6pm.  And finally... if you think the prices are a little steep... which they are... fear not:  they are featured on restaurant.com!  And in 3 different price ranges - you'll be able to dine here once a month!  Reservations are highly recommended otherwise you could be waiting hours at dinnertime.  .
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,9/1/2013,428,239,11,11,10>I am borderline agoraphobic and very few things coax me out of my hidey-hole as effectively as a Bay Cities sandwich.  I can offer some tips that might help you if, like me, you kind of dislike people.First of all, you can order online.  Specify an arrival time, and your sandwich will be waiting for you on a shelf next to the secondary deli counter (where the cheeses are).Second, come a little early.  At 11, there will still be parking in the lot and you can avoid the bulk of the lunch rush and the army of office interns with orders for three dozen sandwiches.  The traffic on Lincoln challenges the most patient of people, turning mild-mannered loafer-wearers into frothing lunatics by the time they belly up to the counter for a little pink number.  Just be ready.Third, if you're really in a hurry and you didn't listen to my first two tips, the nice counterpeople usually have a basket of Godmother sandwiches waiting to grab-and-go.  They're freshly made with the works, so you don't have to stand there like a putz if that's what you were going to order anyway.In the market, you can find loaves of Italian bread baked fresh right in the basement.  Each loaf is under $3.  There are shelves of pickles, jams, pasta, canned stuff, olive oils, and a whole wine section in the back with a few specialty bottles of liquor.  By the cashier is a respectable display of chocolate, including the German Kinder brand.  I believe Kinderegg candy is still illegal in the United States because it's a choking hazard.  A Kinderegg is basically a chocolate egg with a small toy inside it.  I'm not sure if European children choke on the toys.  If they do, no one seems to care enough to make them illegal there.But I digress!  Parking at Bay Cities is outrageous.  The lines are outrageous.  The customers are insane.  And yet I've been coming here for years despite my agoraphobia.  That's how good the sandwiches are.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,8/31/2013,429,248,8,13,8>Roses are red and violets are blue, Temescal rhymes with testicle & I love you!  I LOVE LOVE LOVE This trail.  Not too long and not too short, easy parking on Sunset or Temescal, you don't need to pay to park.  Bring the kids or even if you're elderly, Temescal Canyon is a safe and easy hike!  There's a Waterfall at certain times of the year as well as a soothing creek just off the path as you hike up.  1ST AND FOREMOST watch out for the traffic lights at the stop signs north of sunset on Temescal There's a camera here that will eagerly give you a  $170 ticket! Make a full stop at the parking lot after pulling in.  I say we collectively not park and pay $7 here until they get rid of this camera.  I've known a couple senior citizens on fixed budgets that have gotten burned by it and it is not right.  Located in Pacific Palisades, Temescal Gateway Park is one of the most popular parks in the Santa Monica Mountains. The park encompasses 141 acres of oak and sycamore canyons, ridgetop views, and access to miles of trails in Topanga State Park, Will Rogers State Historic Park, and the 20,000-acre "Big Wild."You can park on top of Bienvenida or El Medio and walk your way in but you risk getting lost if they haven't been maintaining the trails.  Here's the lowdown from their website about their history, if you look closely while you hike you will see the remains of what used to be and some structures that were built and left abandoned.  Often as kids we would freak each other out about how many people may have been murdered in those buildings..."The Reverend Dr. Charles Holmes Scott developed what is now Temescal Gateway Park for the Methodist Church in 1922... Built in 1922, the building known as the Temescal Camp Store was two buildings-- a grocery store complete with a butcher shop, and the local post office...."Directions: Temescal Gateway Park is located in Pacific Palisades, one mile north of Pacific Coast Highway at the intersection of Temescal Canyon Road and Sunset Boulevard.From Los Angeles, take the Santa Monica Freeway (10) West until it becomes Pacific Coast Highway(PCH). Continue West on PCH. Turn right (North) on Temescal Canyon Road and continue for 1 mile. You enter the park immediately after crossing Sunset Boulevard.From the San Fernando Valley, take Topanga Canyon Boulevard South to Pacific Coast highway(PCH). Turn left (East) on PCH. Go Left (North) on Temescal Canyon Road and continue for 1 mile.Parking: Ample parking is available at the park entrance for $7.00 per day.Address: 15601 Sunset Blvd., Pacific Palisades Phone: (310) 454-1395Pick up trash and bring water for a smooth hike.  Bathrooms are near Sunset if you need to go before you go if you know what I mean, wink wink!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/30/2013,738,203,11,17,15>There are so many elements about Hinoki and the Bird I love. Ambiance and Food. A friend of mine took me there and in looking for this place, we actually parked in the parking structure near the hotel and Century apartment building which turned out to be kind of the long way. We didn't see the turn about road heading to where the valet was so there was a bit of a walk heading there. So just an FYI, they do have valet, you just need to look for the signs. Ambiance:When we were inside, the ambiance was really relaxed yet romantical. It wasn't stuffy at all where you feel uptight but the energy was very relaxed and nice and the service was also great as well. This is definitely a great date place or even a nice birthday or special occasion restaurant if you want to pick some place good, upscale, but not too formal. Food:A dozen oysters, pear mignonette- I forgot what kind of oysters we got but the oysters were really fresh and I devoured all six of them since we were sharing. Chili crab toast, spicy cucumber, coriander- Delicious and a must get! The chili crab was not too fishy, it was real large crab meat on top of the crusty toast. You can almost taste the chili sauce in the crab with the sweet and sour taste but has a bit of a kick from the chili. It came with two pieces and is easily devoured between two people. Lobster roll, green curry, thai basil- I love their take on lobster roll. As opposed to the typical main lobster with the mayo and butter sauce, Hinoki and the Bird's lobster roll is more of an asian take on the lobster roll. Don't let the black bread scare you, it ain't burnt. You actually don't taste any bitterness or difference in the bread but the texture of the bread is soft and almost like brioche without the butteriness. The green curry and thai basil flavor in the lobster meat was unique and it almost taste like you are having green curry except its in a lobster roll formation. The roll is tiny but is easily shared cut in half. Anymore people, you would need to order two because it is that good!Kale, crispy and raw, curried almonds, pecorino, lemon vinaigrette- OMG.. one of my favorite salads! I don't normally like kale but this dish definitely encourages me to eat the dark leafy green! I really love the different texture between the raw kale soaked in the dressing with the crispy kale that makes you think you are eating kale chips. But the raw and crispy kale is very fresh and there is a generous portion in the bowl with the order. Another must get!Hinoki scented black cod, sweet potato, pistachio- WOW.. a piece of wood burning on top of my cod?! I'm in! Hinoki basically means "fire tree" so imagine a sheet of wood that is as thin as paper burning and is placed on top of the deliciously tender black cod. You get the scent from the wood on the cod after the wood disentegrate. I could not stop eating the cod, it was one of the best prepared cod I've had. The meat was nice and oily and tender in the inside but had a nice carmelization on the outside. Caramel braised kurobuta pork belly, radish, mustard greens- Tender pice of pork belly was also another winnner. The slightly sweet savory pork belly paired nicely with the slightly bitter taste from the mustard greens. If you are a fan of pork belly, you would love this dish because it is really cooked down well not to the point where it falls about but you can easily break or cut it through your fork without a knife. Delish!Matcha donuts, koji milk- Very interesting dessert and I am a fan of green tea and match so this dish definitely intrigued me. The donuts were okay, more like normal donut holes and rolled over matcha powder. The koji milk wasn't too sweet like condensed milk, it was actually more watery and thin in consistency than I thought so when I dipped it, just imagine dipping donut balls in regular sweet milk. This was okay. Overall my experience at Hinoki and the Bird was ahhhmazing! It is probably one of my favorite and memorable meals plus with a bottle of good red wine and good service, you have yourself a wonderful night out! Bravo to David Myers for his great addition to LA's list of superb restaurant. I seriously can't wait to go back again! =)
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,8/29/2013,1259,140,9,9,8>Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**Living in OC... you know where to get the best Pho... and without a doubt, that's in Westminster/Bolsa. However, there are other options just as good as the Pho restaurants in W/B which happens to be, Pho So 1! The broth here is savory and does not lack in flavor. You can tell they don't water the broth as the night goes on! Another way you can tell this is the best Pho in town... there are always lines! So for all you 818'ers... come to Pho So 1! This is as close as you will get to W/B!CONCLUSION:Lots of parking in the back. Order whatever you would normally get at  a Pho restaurant... Rare steak with tendon or without... andor their vermicelli with grilled beef/pork. Everything is delicious here!... for the 818 that is. I say, EAT IT!!!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,8/28/2013,1251,116,20,22,21>This is a pretty big bar! It's 3 floors!Overall I had an awesome time here with my friends. I think I had like 2 trashcans and I was already feeling pretty good. *1st floor: A big bar & bathroom on the right when you first enter*2nd floor: A nice little patio, a dance floor and a bar(Dark as heck) *3rd floor: Well lit, a mini bar with full of people just chit chatting and sipping on drinksThe dance floor was SUPERRR crowded! I bumped into this really tall guy who stood next to me and we just looked at each other like hayyy. My friends shouted that I should take a pic with him since he was so tall. He was 6'5!! So he lifted me up and we snapped a pic! Good times. Crowd: Mainly Caucasians and a few Asian guys. The bathroom lady was such a sweetheart. She was dancin and shaking her butt when the music was blasting, so I joined her.  Why do I always get along so well with bathroom ladies at clubs & bars? lol Parking: We witnessed something extremely disturbing on the way back home. We were heading to our car and holly smolly this car was pulling out and hit the car next to him and just took off in the speed of light! This was in the underground parking structure. So word of advice, check your car before you leave for any damages!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,8/27/2013,545,142,12,11,9>This place is good if you're in the mood for Chinese or Thai, or maybe you're just drunk from being at the bars on either side of the restaurant  and need something to eat-PRONTO ;-)Stumble into this joint and give it a-go. I did!Here's what I tried and my thoughts-Chicken Wings- Super hot and fresh, crispy skin, would order againEggrolls- freshly made, tiny, tasty, not the best but will satisfy an eggroll craving.Shumai-I wasn't a fan of their shumai. It was rubbery. Will not order again.Singapore noodles- They were alright. I wasn't a huge fan of the spice on them.Brown combo fried rice- one of the best things there. Yummy!Orange Chicken-good orange chicken!P.S. I wrote this review while eating leftover fried rice and orange chicken. That says a thing or two.1. Food was good enough to eat twice2. My keyboard is sticky :-)
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,8/26/2013,765,453,6,14,12>Hokkaido is my parents' favorite go to spot for celebration lunch and dinners. The price is reasonable, and there is so much to choose from. The servers are nice, helpful, and they sing too!      Here is a list of items that I usually get ... some sushi, clam chowder, noodles, broccoli beef, mushrooms, shrimp, crab legs, cream cheese wontons, egg rolls, roast beef, anything seafood baked with mayo, and I really like the miso dressing.     And yes there are televisions for your sports fan who can't miss that game.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,8/25/2013,595,703,9,18,11>I really enjoying going to the museum and the Getty is no exception. I remember going to the Getty Villa several years back when they first opened (yes, I am someone who anxiously awaited their re-opening!) so I remember cutting class to come here... ooo! How bad!Anyway, the museum is great... but I had never actually eaten at the cafe here. First off, usually the food at museums is pretty mediocre and it's just your typical fare... nothing specific to the museum.... pizzas and such... now the keyword is "usually"... and here's where this cafe stands out. It's nothing like a regular museum cafe! Especially since a lot of the items tend to incorporate the Greco-Roman history of this place. A meal here actually accompanies the place very well, especially if you take one of tours of the grounds. :)I wasn't feeling well that day... so we decided to eat here instead of looking around for some place to eat in Santa Monica and I was so glad that we did. It was perfect.To start with, we had the Bruschetta Mista. They were three different bruschettas all topped with different ingredients. One was an roasted peppers and prosciutto, another brie and apricot and another was goat cheese and fig. As much as I have tried to like goat cheese, I just can't. I can't get over the pungent "barnyard-esque" after taste... so I let Pumpkie gobble up mine as well. He liked it. Everything on the menu looked so tasty but I finally decided on the Roman Burger. On the burger was some smoked bacon, blue cheese, butter lettuce, tomato and onion. It was good and was cooked exactly the way I wanted it. Yum!Pumpkie had a stuffed chicken dish... which looked really good actually. I honestly can't remember much else about it because I didn't taste it but it looked and smelled delicious and he polished it off. For dessert, we had the artisan cheese plate! It was a traditional cheese plate with apricots, figs, walnuts and some other different munchies. It came with three different cheeses, a blue cheese, a gruyere and a goat cheese. They were all pretty tasty... except for the goat cheese. Did I mention that I don't like goat cheese?! I know I did! But Pumpkie ate it all and smelled rather "goaty". hahahaha. Love you Pumpkie! :)Anyway, it was a good meal, albeit a little pricey, but I think it added a lot to the Getty Villa experience!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,8/24/2013,1855,673,8,10,7>This is a decent diner in many respects: laid back & comfortable vibe, spacious, good portions, not busy with a million customers, calm service, you don't feel rushed, AND a free parking lot. $2.25: $$ coffee but you are paying for the free refills I suppose?$5.95: 2 eggs any style with home potatoes (not hash browns) and toastfor $2 more at $7.95 - you can get all that (2 eggs any style) PLUS bacon/sausage AND 2 pancakes. I was tempted to order this, but I ended up getting (what I like to call highschool diner food)...$11.95 Turkey Club Sandwich (when in Rome!) & steak fries - the club sandwich wasn't greasy, thin layer of mayo, lots of lettuce, and home made turkey breast, with crunchy (not sagging and oily) bacon.  Location: SM Blvd - cross street is YaleParking: free parking lot with ample spaces
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,8/23/2013,425,389,14,15,13>I LOVE my coworkers! I didn't have time to join them for lunch so I asked them to get me anything with potatoes and meat. They brought me back a PAPA RELLENA!!! First time eating those and I loved every bite!!!Papa rellena is filled with veggie, egg, meat and raisons...wrapped in mashed potatoes, breaded then deep fried. The sauces it came with were spicy. The cilantro sauce was my favorite with a good kick of spiciness in my throat. The side of chicken soup was soothing because I'm a lil sick :) My coworkers loved this place, I'll be tagging along next time! My friend went to El Pollo Imperial for dinner when he saw my papa rellena picture on my facebook foodie album lol.WARNING: FOOD COMA!I ate half and I was super full but that didn't stop me from finishing it. The food coma was torture. Coffee didn't help zzzzz
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2012,8/22/2013,2282,550,14,14,14>Just visited the new Petsmart and used my $5 off $10 coupon!It's super clean and organized, probably because it just opened. We got a ton of food and a few new toys for our cats. If you want to sign up for their savings card, just provide them with your name and phone number. I didn't actually get a card though, supposedly they just look you up by number. It's located on the 3rd floor of the Olympic and Sawtelle complex (next to Marshalls), so drive all the way up to the top of the parking lot. Employees were nice and helpful as well. Visit this store while it's new and clean!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/21/2013,253,588,18,19,18>Above and beyond!!!Drinks, abundant!Food, accommodating!Desserts, tons of options!Photobooth, no line!Cheesecake Factory banquet space, perfect for watching the sunset!So I like to attend Yelp events with no expectations. Even though I knew my options would be limited, I didn't want to miss out on a Tropical-themed party. My past life as a hula dancer really wanted to break out all my old hula gear :) So with +1 Christina P. in tow, also a former hula dancer, we arrived at The Cheesecake Factory, grabbed our Sangrias (she had the red, I had the white), and scouted out the buffet.There was more than enough eats for everybody! So I understand why Sharr K. gave me this "is that all you're eating?" look when I sat down with just three pieces of Avocado Rolls on my plate. Ok, so I'm pretty sure this was in an eggroll wrapper so my bad for not investigating. But damn they were good! su.pr/33oj5YThen to my surprise, our lovely CM Brittany B. offered to see if the staff could whip up something vegan-friendly for me. Then they showed up with these amazing lettuce wraps (su.pr/1DoyXY ) and a special pasta dish (su.pr/8ajtiC ). Like I said, above and beyond! The Thai Lettuce Wraps was the biggest plate of veggies ever containing lettuce, cucumbers, carrots, bean sprouts, and coconut curried noodles. It also came with three tasty sauces: Peanut, Sweet Red Chili and Tamarind-Cashew. The pasta was super tasty too. It had Mediterranean flavors with sun dried tomatoes, olives, broccoli, artichoke, eggplant, basil and pine nuts. The waitress even assured me that the spiral pasta that was used contains no egg.There was so many desserts: cakes from Hansens, macarons from 'Lette's, and of course cheesecake from Cheesecake Factory. But I gravitated toward the chocolate fountain display where they had strawberries, banana, and oreo cookies. Yes, oreo cookies are vegan!If you know anything about me, you know how I love a good photobooth opportunity. I Heart Momo Photobooth certainly delivered with props and instant printing. Also, Jim Dey from Vox DJs played pretty much every song that I love. And did I mention that the White Sangria was one of the best sangrias I've ever tasted? su.pr/2ScHjC When it was time to sober up, I ended the night with a Tropical Iced Tea.Everything that I mentioned is just a tiny fraction of what this event had to offer. Many many thanks to all the venders for all your awesome offerings! Thanks to Cheesecake Factory for being so accommodating! Brittany, many congrats on your engagement and many thanks for going above and beyond with this event! :)
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,8/20/2013,238,112,10,16,12>I lub this place! You know those stupid phrases that some obnoxious tool made up and the media glom on to, like "stay-cation" for exploring your local area rather than travel? Well here's my stupid phrase - Lubbing (local hanging out at a pub/club), as in, now that the gas prices in LA are hovering around $5 (plus or minus, depending), rather than drive to downtown LA or Hollywood, just stay local and hang out at your nearby club or pub.Maui Sugar Mill saloon is my favorite place to lub, after my my friend's band BrainSpoon played at Maui Sugar Mill Saloon in Tarzana (right next to my favorite local sushi place. How convenient!). What's not to lub? It's cozy, with a fireplace blazing when it's cold. You can play pool for 50 cents, there's free popcorn, inexpensive drinks, great service and fun staff. Best of all, they have good live music many nights a week for no cover charge, only the price of two inexpensive drinks. Okay, I don't exactly hang out there all the time, but just knowing it's only a few minutes away is good enough.So if you hear the media parroting the obnoxious term "lubbing," you'll know where it started.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,8/18/2013,719,388,15,18,16>FANTASTIC interior. It's better than anything you'd expect to see in a little corner shop of an anonymous strip mall in West LA. Someone really took the time to make the interior interesting.(yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…) The "Daily Fish Specials" are written in neon pen on an actual fish tank. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)The colors of the restaurant, primarily green, match the restaurant logo.... It's just a graphic designers dream. It shouldn't go without saying that there are televisions everywhere - which is GREAT for the after work Happy Hour crowd as well as individuals coming in for a sushi fix. It's always nice to be able to watch TV while ya munch, in my opinion. And the relaxed atmosphere of Oops! Sushi & Sake Bar certainly provides the APPROPRIATE environment for TVs, cool art, fish tanks, and bold colors. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)The layout inside is small, but NOT cramped. There's a sushi bar, tables for two, tables for four and if you need it, they'll make room for larger parties, if you call ahead. Capacity is probably around 40 people, or so. Small space, but they've done a GREAT job with it.**HAPPY HOUR** ((I've posted close-up menu photos of the HH foods menu))- Gone in 60 Seconds. Avocado, baby lobster, mayo, masago, sesame oil, and black pepper, all served in a won-ton cone. Absolutely delicious. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)- Spicy Tuna Bite. Spicy Tuna and avocado on top of some rice that has been formed into a little patty and deep fried until crispy on the outside. Ours was a little bit over-cooked, which led to an outside that wanted to take your dental fillings along with it. Nonetheless, it was quite good... I'd get it again. Really good with their standard hot sake. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)- Not MY Roll. Lobster and Avocado roll, tempura battered and fried... Drizzled with Eel sauce and Mayo, and served with a healthy scoop of Spicy Tuna. This was not what I expected... I'd have preferred the lobster to be tempura-battered and fried, instead of the whole roll being fried. That being said, it was pretty freakin' awesome. I'd order this again, but NOT in combination with a number of other fried foods. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)- Calamari Tempura. Oil + Oil = Gastric Distress. This was absolutely repugnant, and the only real let down. No seasoning. Oily. Over cooked. And the "sauce" tasted like Spicy Eel sauce with some sesame oil or La-Yu, which formed an oil slick above the actual sauce beneath. My friend said it tasted like Okonomiyaki sauce with La-Yu. Either way, it was gut-shatteringly bad. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)- Harumaki ("Spring-Roll"). Greasy... in the GOOD kind of way. Cooked to flaky, crunchy perfection. Inside is a melange of cabbage, carrot, and harusame noodle. I wouldn't call this light, but it was certainly enjoyable. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)- Yelp Check-In Deal!!! FREE small plate of the chef's choice. Changes from day to day. Upon our visit, it was a free Salmon Skin handroll.... And it was GINORMOUS. They came correct with the amount of salmon skin - it went straight down to the bottom of the cone. They also left a piece of skin with some meat attached, next to the handroll, like a chicharron con carne. (yelp.com/biz_photos/oops…)Oops! Sushi & Sake Bar is a an earth-shakingly awesome addition to the WLA food scene. Hopefully, more sushi places will realize that people respond very well to affordable food that has some integrity behind it. Check-in deals, Lunch Specials, Happy Hour, and an fun, innovative menu. With the exception of the calamari, every dish was presented with care and attention but managed to lack the pretention associated with similar establishments in places like Santa Monica and Hollywood. I'm stoked that Oops! is in the neighborhood, and I hope they push forward with their culinary innovation and competitive pricing as well as their online-participation promotions (i.e. Yelp Check-In rewards). With a little more attention to detail, this place is going to blow the doors off of their competitors.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,8/17/2013,259,379,10,8,8>Sushi and Compton are synonymous with one another. OK they are not. In fact it kind of sounds odd, but the only thing odd about Shimai's Bistro is that It took me so long to give them a day in court. I have been sleeping on this place for far too long. Not anymore! They serve up the biggest sushi rolls I have ever had the pleasure of throwin' down. The Popcorn Lobster Roll($12.50) is damn near the size of a telephone pole and does not disappoint. The PLR is filled with crab, cucumber, and avocado (think California Roll) but the kicker that takes this roll to a whole other level is that it's topped with big  warm tender chunks of lightly breaded lobster, a sprinkle of smelt egg, and drizzled with eel sauce. WOW!!! All the way off the chain!!! Technically they drizzle it w/ spicy mayo but ain't nobody got time for mayo of any kind so I ordered it sans mayo. The Fire Rainbow Roll(Tuna,white fish,salmon,albacore, and shrimp on a spicy tuna roll)($9.50) and the Spicy Lobster Roll($9.50) were delicious as well but the PLR is the stuff sushi dreams are made of and will keep me coming back for more and more. For those  that are less than enthusiastic about venturing into Compton for anything fear not, as it is not deep in the hood. It's actually just south of the 91w/Wilmington Blvd. in an industrial neighborhood so you ain't got to worry about anybody set trippin' up in here. Although if you get there late you may be the one set trippin' cuz they close fairly early (6:30pm I believe). So show up early, hungry, and ready to throw down with some chop sticks.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,8/16/2013,279,84,23,18,16>If you love uni like I do, I have two words for you:     HOLY SH*T.Maruhide's a wholesaler of Santa Barbara sea urchin, and a month ago they opened a restaurant that serves virtually every conceivable form of uni.  They have uni bowls, uni sushi, uni sashimi, uni pasta, grilled uni, uni shutou, etc.  They even have a kaiseki course for 4+ people that you have to reserve a week in advance.  All that's missing is a small pool filled with uni that you can dive into and giddily roll around in like Scrooge McDuck.It gets even better: because they catch their own sea urchin, the prices are probably the lowest you'll pay in So Cal for Santa Barbara uni.  Two pieces of uni sushi is $7.  A large bowl of uni slathered over rice + uni egg omelette + uni soup = $18.80.  The place is tiny and has the ambiance of a dentist's lobby.  And you may experience a cholesterol coma immediately afterward.  But who the hell cares?  UNI, BITCH!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,8/15/2013,275,195,27,28,28>Happy pre-4th of July! Yelp's Kay P.'s review (see yelp.com/biz/star-bakery…) inspired me to look for this remarkable bakery, located in the modest looking plaza one street east of Barrington and Santa Monica. Star sells cookies by weight, but while I was sorely tempted by the wonderful array of cookies, my mission here was to acquire pastries. I ended up focusing my attention on the cases which featured tray upon tray of sugary goodness, like cappuccino balls that resemble mini ice-cream cones, cakey roulettes with creamy filling, and brightly-colored fruit tarts that were too pretty to leave on the shelf.I asked for a box from the friendly proprietress, Zali, and ordered a swath of goodies. One of these, one of those, one of this, one of that... amazingly, eight pieces came out to a little over ten dollars. I felt like I had gotten at least five bucks of sheer presentation, so the only thing left to do was to show off and share the bounty.It is difficult to overstate my satisfaction with this establishment, as everything pleased. The crumbly crust on the tarts is good enough even without the delicious, glazed fruit. The custard filling is so light and tasty I could eat a bowlful of it with a spoon. When I go back (no "if" about it), not only do I have to request the cookies, but I'll definitely have to try my luck with the other roolets and pastries, too. You don't need to walk in with much cash to sample the fresh, skillfully created wares of Star Bakery, but if you're on a diet, you'd best roll in with some willpower. Too good! Five stars.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,8/14/2013,209,142,9,10,10>Great for weekend brunchFood 4/5The Sauce burger on ciabatta bread was good. I'll choose the regular wheat bun next time. A side of sweet potatoes were served dry and tasted healthy. Service 4/5Seated quickly and a very friendly waiter gave some good suggestions. Service with a smile makes the weekend better.Price 2/5Check-in on the Yelp app for a free drink. I got the pomegranate lemonade. It's a little too sweet, but free is good. The prices are ok for this type of small place, but I didn't like the 15% tax for eating in the restaurant.Parking 3/5Street only. Very busy streets, too. Atmosphere 3/5Sauce is divided into two rooms like it is two businesses put together into one. I ate in the other room which didn't have much charm or decor. Small place and not good for groups. Most groups were waiting outside for a table of four.I liked the food, service, and yelp deal. Didn't like the pricing game or the parking.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,8/13/2013,542,312,12,13,12>I've had the Macho Mike, Fatboy, Chevy Andy, and the Godfather and I'm still standing.The sandwiches have changed slightly since I used to go pretty regularly about three years ago. They seem to have less heft but I think that not packing the sandwiches to the brim has helped with the taste. Also you don't have to worry about feeling super sluggish after eating one of these sandwiches.The bread these days is lighter and fluffier than I remember which is great. I recently brought my friend with me and it was his first time. He went back the next day because he enjoyed it so much.I had the Godfather and it is meat lover's dream. It is the type of sandwich Ron Swanson would be proud of with 6 proteins including pepperoni, bacon, salami, etc. Many of their sandwiches are less than $7 for the 6" size and that is a good size to keep you filled. One thing that I noticed is that the Asian ladies working there have gotten much louder and much more talkative. They are definitely nice and they make sandwiches super fast but the noise is something you have to be prepared for when you come. My friend thought it was funny that a place called the Original Rinaldi's is run by a bunch of middle aged Asian ladies and not an Italian in sight but if they make good food it is enough to have me saying "bonjourno" when I want a good option for food in the El Segundo area near LAX.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,8/12/2013,5000,856,7,11,11>It was Saturday afternoon when my girlfriend called me and told me she had a nail in her tire. This was troubling because later in the evening we were headed to an event where we needed to take 2 cars. We did not feel comfortable driving her vehicle with a nail in the tire. I got in my car and drove to my girlfriend's house, we immediately began searching several 'Tire repair' places on Yelp, most of which were closed. As we were driving around looking for places to get her tire patched we came across 'Playa West Automotive.' I walked inside and asked if they repaired tires, the technician on duty said they did but due to the number of clients ahead of us we would have to wait just about an hour, which is totally understandable. We thanked the technician for his time and informed him that we were in a rush and had to search out another place to get this done as soon as possible.Before my girlfriend and I pulled out of the lot we searched for several other places in the area that might be open. We found a couple and got the same response, long wait. As we were about to pull out of the lot 'Andy' the service manager from Playa West Automotive walked up and asked us what the problem was. I told him nail in the tire, Andy had us pull forward, located the nail in tire, pulled the nail out of the tire and determined it did not puncture the tire. All of this happened within a matter of a few minutes. Andy told us no charge and we were on our way. Service like this is hard to find these days. That simple act by the staff of Playa West Automotive has without a doubt earned my business for any future needs.This place is top notch!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,8/11/2013,235,206,15,22,14>What just happened? I got my groove back that's what's up! So I've been in limbo trying to find a hair dresser closer to where I live and faced the worse fatalities that left me moving onto the next. With periods in between growth that left me devastated and working on my delivery of how to get the point across that I DID NOT WANT TO GET BANGED!I had the pleasure of getting my hair cut by Mia which happens to be the owner of the salon. I brought in a picture of what I NEEDED, but for some reason she seemed to understand what I was asking for. It was as if we both spoke English or something. Not kidding she needed minimal direction for she pointed out why I hadn't achieved the look I wanted and delivered an effective plan and action.It felt so good to be understood, but it felt even better when I saw my hair's turn out even at 50% of the way. I smiled really big and said under my breath, " I already like my hair". Mia was so nice and down to earth. She heard what I said and gave me very constructive feed back on how to achieve my look fastest and best. What she doesn't know is that I already love my hair & she gave me the look I've been wanting even at the length it is at now. I got a 50% discount for being a first time customer, but the prices are reasonable and not hyper inflated. The salon is very modern looking and all the hairdressers there have pretty hip hair cuts. That says a lot, I mean you don't want to go to a salon where everyone's hair looks like Peggy Bundy's. Not that there's anything wrong with that, but you know change is good.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,8/10/2013,2650,519,15,22,20>Cute little cafe tucked away on Main St. It's pretty easy to miss if you're driving by.I was super hungry one morning while I was walking my dogs. I started reading their menu out in the front. One of the customers sitting outside on the bench recommend that I try their Eggwhite Sandwich (toasted wholewheat bread, spinach, tomato, avocado). At first it sounded too healthy I was craving bacon, but I ordered it anyways. I was completely blown away by the sandwich, eggwhites and spinach combo never tasted so good on a toasted wheat bread. Don't let the simplicity fool you. I tried to remake this sandwich at home and it was epic fail. I'm not too crazy about their chai latte however (I recommend that you go to Dogtown Coffee down the street). But I hear their hot chocolate is pretty good so this is on my to-try list next visit. The service was friendly. They take your order in at the counter. The space was limited inside but there are more seating outside.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,8/9/2013,1437,1829,17,19,21>I like this Curry House more than the one on Sawtelle.  Maybe because it's bigger or it seems, there are more items offered on their menu.  This makes me want to come back a few times to try everything else I wanted to try but didn't get a chance to!  I came here and got their crab and shrimp omelette which also came with curry rice.  The sauce that came out was a white sauce, instead of the curry sauce.  This dish was pretty good, but I was a little sad that there were only two pieces of crab in it. :P  Shrimp was good, I liked eating the sauce with the rice and egg.  I will be back!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,8/8/2013,282,24,37,73,38>I think it's funny that those who are ranking on CSUN have complaints that are not the fault of the university, but because of the economy, misunderstanding of the college experience in general and its overall shortcomings, as well as just being spoiled and self-serving. Also, ask the question just how many other colleges and universities have those posting here attended? If they complain about the service, parking, class sizes, professors, admin. staff, what are they comparing it to? OK, that being said. CSUN is like any school, it's a ticket into the job market. Most universities are failing their students today (read Academically Adrift). Faculty is there to get published and do research. They don't move ahead by teaching under-grads. You are generally last in line.  I obtained my BA and MA here, using the college to meet my ends. I didn't care if I went to a cheaper, worse school. Who cares? I just needed the ticket in to the field I was getting into. I'm not going to rely on a bunch of buildings and professors who don't know me from Adam or have time for me to depend on for my education. Hell, if you're not taking 100% responsibility for your education you have a MUCH better chance of messing up than not. Change your attitude, change your life.  And if you're having problems with service or parking at CSUN, it's a HUGE campus with LOTS of students, so DAH! No kidding you can't get parking or people don't get right back to your messages and phone calls. It's like anything Los Angeles, hurry up and wait baby because there's a LOT of people here. I guess one thing that isn't being taught at any college is good critical thinking and reasoning skills (again, see Academically Adrift). Most people have tunnel vision and can't open their mind and eyes enough to see the full picture, never mind to even think about doing so in the first place. OK, onto the reality of college grads. Most jobs don't require a college degree. College degrees are generally used by employers as a dividing line. If you don't have one, forget you. If you have one, you've got a foot up on the competition, but NOT most of the skills, knowledge, and attitudes employers are looking for. Here's a few important points to keep in mind. One, most high paying jobs, technical and non-technical, are being staffed by those with graduate degrees and foreign obtained degrees. Most US grads with bachelor's are NOT getting the high paying jobs. A national recruiting firm states that since 1992 60% of all college grads are working in jobs that don't even require a high school diploma.So much more wrong with the economy (classes are being cut all across California, not just at CSUN), higher education, and politics than there are problems with CSUN. I went there knowing damn well a degree doesn't mean much. I could have gone to a more expensive college with a bigger name, but I know it's MUCH more about what you can actually DO than simply getting good grades at a university and forgetting everything before you graduate (also in Academically Adrift.)So if you're going to bitch and moan and belly-ache, figure out why first. Hell, it just may be that your'e not too smart or spoiled rotten, and it has nothing to do with the place of higher learning. After all, education is NOT institutional, it's individual. Some of the greatest thinkers ever never went to college: Da Vinci, Ben Franklin, Steven Jobs, etc. Even Einstein said that the only thing that messed with his education was school. lol So if you want an education, learn how to be an achiever, a doer, not a seeker of excuses. And going to CSUN is no excuse. Peace!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,8/7/2013,330,334,13,13,11>I think good study habits should involve luscious carrot cake and pretty lattes... and Literati is just the place for that!  Plenty of not-so comfortable seating (to keep you awake and make you leave quicker),  free WiFi, and a pastry case filled with all kinds of naughty treats make it a sweet study spot. There's also a menu of real food during breakfast/ lunch/ dinner, which I could care less about when there's multiple cakes eyeballing me.  I'm all business.Since this cozy cafe is popular with the ladies, be sure to bring headphones to block out their convos. Order at the counter, pick a table and hit the books while you hit that carrot cake :)
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,8/6/2013,2627,609,15,23,18>YUM!!I've been dying to try this place for the longest! Finally, I had the chance to check it out on Friday night. We were greeted immediately, and they quickly took our name down, and had us wait for about 5 minutes. Though the booths are divided by a ..divider..you're still able to see the people next to you completely. A tad uncomfortable. Anyway, our waiter for the night was awesome. He was a very happy guy with great energy, and he always had a smile on. He got us some bread with butter, and we order ourselves some dranks with an appetizer.I got me a mudslide..and my bf got the Pisco Sour, which they don't have the cocktail menu on their website. Both of our drinks were pretty good..but the presentation was pretty weak. As far as our appetizer..we got the:Anticucho Pollo $8.50- Three Skewers of an Incan Delicacy, seasoned, served with a Special Hot Sauce, Potato and Peruvian Corn- BOMB..JUICY..SUCCULENT..DELICIOUS..MMMM. The chicken was perfect..and their special hot sauce was amazing! I kept it to eat with my main dish! Peruvian corn is a lot bigger, and when you bite it..the corn pops off so easily. Not the biggest fan of it..but it was good! The potato was delicious as well. Definitely will be getting this appetizer again! 3 skewers worth..and about a good 3-4 chunky pieces of chicken on each. :DOur main food consisted of:Lomo Saltado $10.75- Lean Beef, Sautéed with Onions and Tomatoes, Served with Rice and French Fries. -Both the bf and I got the same thing..no tomatoes and extra onions. It was good..but I thought the appetizer was more flavorful. It didn't have that much meat either, but it was still enjoyable! The portion was big! I was only able to eat half. OH..and don't forget to drizzle on that green sauce. AH-MAZING! It's so delicious. It also comes with some delicious chunky chicken soup! We actually had to ask what the ingredients were. :p When I heard it..I was a little grossed out..but it was good nonetheless!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,8/5/2013,703,398,12,17,14>I was long overdue for a facial and this place got great reviews. I also wanted to give them another chance for the eyelash perm. It's been hard to find a good place nearby. I opted for the Garnet facial, which is $55. It doesn't include extractions so I added that for $15. This option is still more affordable than their other facials, with the least expensive one at $85. I was so relaxed throughout the whole thing! The scalp, neck, and shoulder massage also felt amazing!! I actually enjoy the extractions even though they can be painful; I'm a sucker for pain! The esthetician did an awesome job! And she was so sweet. She also wasn't a chatterbox, which I was grateful for. I just wanted to relax and enjoy the experience, not make small talk.A different person did the eyelash perm. I made sure to ask for a more dramatic/exaggerated curl this time. I am beyond satisfied! She took her time and was very meticulous, especially with my outer lashes. I could not be happier with the results! I have monolids so it's hard to see my lashes even with mascara on. A perm makes all the difference in the world! I don't have to fuss with an eyelash curler. I just swipe mascara on and I'm good to go! Love it!!Everyone there is super friendly. Each staff offered me water or tea and made it a point to ask if I was comfortable. I can't wait to try their other facials!!
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,8/4/2013,591,938,28,34,28>What a great find! Thanks to Antho L. for his recommendations on this place. I got to try it out as a free birthday meal and dessert. Food is delicious! Service is excellent!Plan ahead, sometimes it is hard to find a parking space as the spaces are limited. Street parking is also available but truly limited and a hassle.And most likely there is a wait for seating. Food: Monkey bread with dipping sauce- It's like a loaf of cheesy garlic brioche bread. So soft and hot and totally melts in your mouth. It comes with 3 different dipping sauce, ranch, marinara, and  melted garlic butter. Wild Mushroom linguine with shrimp-  It was good! You can taste the "wild" mushroom taste on the pasta and not just the mushrooms.11 spice Brisket- 3 slices of meat that is marinated 11 different spices. This is one of their famous dishes, but unfortunately it didn't make it to me. All I tasted was barbecue sauce on tough briskets.Pepperoni and Mushroom pizza- thin crust pizza with huge deli size pepperoni! So delicious! 1/2 sweet potato fries &  1/2 garlic Parmesan truffle fries. was also a treat for us.Birthday dessert, we got the cookie on skillet with vanilla ice cream (BJ's version of Pizookie) Dinner was delicious, and service was excellent. Originally, we didn't get the monkey bread. After our order, we asked our waitress about the monkey bread, but we said we were going to save it for next time because we already had too much food.. The next thing we knew, she walked out with the bread for our table and said it's comp.  :-)`
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,8/3/2013,2371,1713,44,50,43>When my liver decides to finally give up on our relationship, we'll both probably look back to Wildcraft as the beginning of the end. Oh, the pizza is creative & tasty, but that wasn't what did me in at Wildcraft. It was the narrow bar, warmhearted bartender, and variety of cold draft beers that sped my decent to alcoholic hop-head.It's called the sampler ... the Beer Sampler. 4 small glasses of any beer for $12. With 16 excellent brews on draft, this is the way to start (and probably end) your night. It's scary to think I just spent $24 or $36 on beers, but these are not your dad's suds duds either. Mix 'n Match is the best way to order. Luckily, the energetic bartender helped guide me through the menagerie of 4- and 5-star cerveza.* Port Brewing Old Viscosity (10% ABV)Dark 'n hearty with a matching froth that had me frothing at the mouth for more. * Dogfish Head Palo Santo Marron (12%)This is why you do a tasting: to find something different. It's an unfiltered dark beer that's not bitter ... almost like licorice and rum. Double order! * Abigaile Nihilist Double IPA (DIPA) (8.8%)Double bitter and nearly sour explosion like a double grapefruit. I love IPA, but just not this double. * Tripel Karmeliet (8.4%)It's like drinking a flower ... a sweet liquid rose of golden alcohol. * Ommegang Hennepin (7.7%)Soft and tender "summer beer" that's easy to drink. Get this if you don't like beer or want to just relax. * Golden Road Wolf Among Weeds IPA (8%)Now this is an IPA classic with plenty of hops to make you stop and pop * Ballast Point Sculpin IPA (7%)Is this a double IPA or just double flavor? May not be better than the others, but it'll do.Of course, pizza ... sourdough pizza ... is the main attraction at Wildcraft and they have some pretty tempting combinations. I went with a $16 Carbonara white pie with Pancetta Pork, Soft Fried Egg, Mozzarella, and Provolone. Tasted like a grown-up breakfast pizza with the combination of near runny sunny-side-up egg, pork, and black pepper. The egg is genius while the sourdough crust was cool. I think I really liked this pizza or was really drunk. Probably both...Before the pizza, I tried the $11 Burrata as an appetizer to go with my first set of sample beers. The silky blend of Mozzarella and Cream soaking in a pool of Moscato Wine was married well with Roasted Grapes (not Tomatoes), Walnut-Raisin Toast, and Speck Ham slices. I especially enjoyed the roasted grapes. Even though the burrata wasn't special; it was spreadable and creamy. The crostini was cool, but the ham was better.Service at the bar ranged from great to I'm in love. Both the guy and girl know how to make customers welcome. Parking was free and easy a block away in one of the downtown Culver City lots for 2 hours.I was torn between 4 and 5 stars for Wildcraft Sourdough Pizza. Here's the scores. You do the math:Atmosphere: 4 starsDrinks: 5 starsFood: 4 starsService: 5 starsPrice: 4 starsParking: 5 starsMy liver said to round up ... so, I'm listening to him.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,8/2/2013,764,453,7,12,10>After going to this restaurant, my boyfriend and I felt we finally found really good Thai food on the Westside. I found this place based on Yelp reviews, and this time the reviews were spot on.My boyfriend and I ordered the Pad See Ew and Spicy Basil Leaf. We always order the Pad See Ew at any Thai restaurant we go to, and a lot of them tend to make it unflavorful, too dry, or both. This Pad See Ew had nicely cooked noodles, and although there wasn't a ton of sauce, everything was coated enough to make all components of the dish very flavorful. The Spicy Basil Leaf was pretty spicy, but not too spicy to the point where I couldn't taste the flavors of the dish. Overall, everything was cooked well and packed full of flavor.I also ordered the Mango Sticky Rice, which came with a good amount of fresh mango and a generous amount of sweet coconut sauce. Yum!Service was pretty good. The staff checked on us often and was friendly.There's a tiny parking lot in the back, and we managed to snag a spot.Overall, my boyfriend and I enjoyed the food at this restaurant. We agreed that this will be our go-to Thai restaurant on the Westside (unless if we end up finding a better Thai restaurant, which hasn't happened so far).
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,8/1/2013,203,325,2,17,8>It's interesting that the reviews for this place are all over the place.  I wonder if it is a reflection of  the particular chef for the day/night or perhaps it's the difference in managerial styles of the restaurant depending on the shift .Every time you sit, you are greeted with a basket of chips, salsa and a house bean dip that is to die for.  Try not to stuff yourself silly with the bean dip, there's lunch/dinner to be eaten.  This is not your typical Americanized Mexican restaurant.  The food here seems pretty authentic. Here are all the dishes I've tried so far:Botanas El Patron - Appetizer plate of Quesadilla, flauta, buffalo wings (I would prefer a little less sauce) and mini sopes w/ carne asada.  This plate will fill you up.  Even if you're sharing,  you might not have space for dinner. Albondigas - Vegetable soup with rice and meatballs.  They give ample meat balls if you order the bowl.  I would have liked a little more rice in my soup.Conchinita Pibil - pork slow roasted in a citrus marinade.  It came wrapped in corn husk.  this was my first time trying this dish.  The pork was very tender and flavorful.Carnes En Su Jugo - beef cooked in it's own juices with bacon.  Very tasty and juicy.  I think I needed to ask for more tortillas.Fajitas Del Mar -  Shrimp, fish filet and octopus. i LOVE that this place serves octopus.  Whatever they season the fish with is REALLY tasty.  Taco y Sopes Combinacione - with carne asada.  The sopes are ok.  Personally, I would prefer a little less masa.Pescado a la Veracruzana - Grilled seasonal fish simmered in Veracruzana sauce*****Coctel de Camarone y Pulpo***** - Shrimp and octopus cocktail.  WINNER, WINNER CHICKEN DINNER!!!  AGAIN, I LOVE that they serve octopus here.  This is the best Shrimp (and octopus) cocktail I've ever had.  Hands down.Molcajete de Carne - steak in a freaking amazing sauces.  Served in a hot stone bowl.  This one feeds 2...maybe 3...maybe even a small family of 4.  The meat is cooked to perfection.  The flavors are deliciously savory.  A must try if you're looking for good beef dish!Flan - Do I really need to describe this?  Ooey gooey sweet caramelly flavor, perfect to finish off a great meal.  This flan is on the heavy, thicker consistency side so be sure to save some space in your tummy.Churros w/ Ice Cream - You choose your ice cream!!  I love their toasted marshmallow ice cream with real pieces of marshmallow.  There's nothing better than a FRESH churro.  it comes with 4-10" (or so) long churros, AGAIN, REMEMBER TO SAVE SPACE!Drinks, drinks and more drinks - The bar and the bartenders are fabulous.  Don't know what you want, just ask, they might even make a drink up for you!Every experience I've had here has been nothing less than delicious.  I can tell they are consistently working out the bugs, being the new restaurant on the block and all.  My one complaint is the host podium.  When I walk into a restaurant, i like to see the host/hostess standing there with a big smile, making me feel as if they've been waiting all day and are happy that I came.  It's often that we have to stick our head into the bar or around the corner to find the host and ask for a table.  They have their own parking lot in the back, but it gets full and difficult to find a spot if it's a busy Karaoke (Wednesday), Jazz (Thursday) or Mariachi (Friday) night.  TIP: spill over patrons generally park across the street in the supermarket lot.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/31/2013,202,198,6,14,7>HANDS DOWN best dim sum for anyone local to the south bay.  I've had better in westminter, NorCal, Seattle, and Vancouver, but to be in that company is quite a compliment.  The service usually isn't too bad, but then again I'm rating this against the poor service I've been accustomed to in chinese restaurants.  My favorite dish here is the bean curd wraps.  There are vegetarian versions, chicken, pork, and others.   Be sure to ask for the one you want.Also don't be surprised if they are out of what you have, that happens often; I chalk it up to to having fresh dim sum.  Also, if the steam cart comes by you, get everything you want right away, they are usually hard to get a hold of.I've had to wait quite a long time for tables here in past years, but recently I haven't had a problem even on a sunday with a group of 11
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/30/2013,279,371,7,13,8>DISCLAIMER!!!!This is in the back of a liquor store.Seating is outside.Waiting area is outside.Parking area is small.If you can get passed all that prepare to be wowed! This is my second time here and I am still satisfied and taken aback. I'm pretty surprised that some have given such average ratings because of the seating situation but if you're doing your HW here's your warning. Be prepared to stand. It's called the standing room for a reason. I got the Genghis Khan and my BF got the Napoleon, the two biggest burgers on the menu. Of the two, I preferred the Genghis, but I'm also a fan of savory foods and this was SAVORY! I love the truffle parm fries and could eat the whole trough by myself. There's always room for fries. Especially these. Will I be back? Yes! YES, oh god YES!!! Sorry foodgasm ;)
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,7/29/2013,93,162,4,5,5>Excellent event, great food and excellent service. Benny the owner was so kind and his staff were all so attentive. They had house guacamole on the tables ready to go, it was full of flavor and a great way to start the meal. The food only got better from there shrimp/lobster and beef tacos YUM. Thanks Brittany B for organizing such a great event.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,7/28/2013,583,424,10,7,4>Decided to check out the new Sprouts market today to get some smoothie supplies. It's a great place; big and WIDE selection. Parking underground is easy and there were plenty of spots at 11am on this Saturday. We got a bunch of stuff ranging from vegetables to a pre-made sandwich (that was awesome and $3.99) to a chicken for dinner. They have a large nut and grain selection, which is cool and everything looked extremely fresh. My only complaint is that the aisles are a bit narrow, so you're constantly saying "excuse me" to get through... I guess one could have worse complaints at a grocery store.I'm a regular at my local Ralph's Fresh Fare and love them. The unhealthy-looking "health nuts" at Trader Joe's freak me out, so I avoid that place. I found Sprouts to have more normal people with the exception being a lady we encountered on our way in... Sprouts had a grill running in the parking lot and they were giving away natural beef hot dogs on whole wheat buns. I was standing there enjoying one with my wife and baby when some obnoxious lady walks up to the grill then walks away nearly screaming, "those are carcinogens! Why are you giving away carcinogens!" I just hope she didn't take that anger out on her ten cats when she got home.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,7/27/2013,141,112,6,12,7>The Roadium is the best :) they always have the cutest things. They always seem to have all the new styles of things like shoes, wardrobes, accessories and what not. I always get my flats here because I pay about 6 dollars for them. You'd be surprise to see that most of the shoes and heels you see at a mall for more, you can find them here at the Roadium for a good reasonable price :) you'll be one satisfied shopper I guarantee!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,7/26/2013,1070,142,4,12,8>Stocking stuffers needed? Forget the 99 cent store or Dollar Tree. Sure it's 50 cents more but the items they sell here, you won't find at those other stores. Their stuff is so adorable! I'm hooked and will definitely be a regular.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,7/25/2013,745,315,7,16,13>Wow, I had one of the richest, most amazing-textured coffee drinks of my life here!I come here and look for parking, have to circle around 3 times, and then I finally find a spot.  I walk in, and WHOA the decor is weird.  The inside is a very bold RED, and there are random clay tchochkes (I saw a clay taco...) hanging on the wall around the store (or maybe they were just selling Christmas ornaments around the holidays?), and the coffee-making devices look like a mad scientist is doing experiments here.  Very eccentric and quirky looking on the inside here, in a way that is a bit jarring to me, because it's kinda creepy.  Anyway, props for having big style, even if it's not my cup of tea (haha- jokes). I saw on Yelp that lots of people order the Almond Essence Latte, so I got that.  Whoa.  Really, really, rich and almond-y.  If you like Amaretto, amaretti cookies, and marzipan, you will love this drink.  The texture was unbelievably velvety, I have no idea how they even made it that way; it was like I was drinking a velvet, almond cloud.  Seriously.  For me, though, it was so rich, that I would have liked a smaller portion of it.  When I have Amaretto, amaretti cookies, and marzipan, I like to have them in small quantities.  I definitely drank the whole coffee that I was given, but it felt like a lot.  I saw that they had organic coffee here, I would come back and try that.  The counter looks like a nice setup for studying; I saw some other people studying there I'll be back for that.  As long as I can find parking, I'll come back here.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,7/24/2013,501,835,6,11,8>What a great piece of greenery in Westwood! Stretching from Wilkins to Wilshire, Veteran to Sepulveda, Westwood Park is nice for picnics, enjoying the sunshine, the playground, and the nearby tennis courts at the Rec center. There is a dirt path that runs most of the perimeter of the park, which is nice for jogging or walking.In the very early hours, you might see some less fortunate individuals sleeping in the park, but they're harmless.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,7/23/2013,633,278,4,8,6>I really like this store! Nice, casual stylish clothing, at affordable pricing! Just make sure you try the stuff on before you buy it, and check for any defects. Their return policy is not good, but I am sure that is how they keep the cost down. Just make sure you like what you buy and try it on. Great selections, too.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,7/22/2013,149,217,5,6,7>Another greatly planned and executed event by the Yelp Team.  The restaurant was small and decorated really nicely.  I almost missed the outside patio area but was glad to be directed to sit outside.  With just the right amount of shade and sunlight, sitting outside was the cherry on top.  Plus the great socal weather was in our favor that evening.  The food was pretty good and well plated by Dominique's.  With an array of cold meats, short ribs, rissotto and pasta, all of the dishes were full of flavor, however, slightly on the saltier side (but this is a review for the event so it still stays at 5 stars).  I'm more sensitive to salt content so it might have been just right for others.  The restaurant even offered a 20% discount and small meal giveaways for people who entered their business cards, which was nice of them.  My first drink of the evening was Sangria.  I love sangria so I was glad I chose that.  It was pretty sweet so for my next drink I moved over to the red wine.  This event couldn't have gone better.  Enough food and drinks for everyone.  The space was small and cozy, but still comfortable in my opinion.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,7/21/2013,330,403,5,6,5>I'm not really into dive bars, but if that's where someone was feeling and needed a recommendation, I would suggest Mom's.  Drinks are cheap, music is pretty good, there is a small dance floor, and the crowd is eclectic and pretty friendly.  It usually seems to be quite busy without being scarily crowded, which is nice.  There is some interesting art on the walls, it's fun.  Bartenders get really busy later in the night but they do try their best and are reasonably friendly given how busy they are.The one thing I do not like is the bathroom situation - only one bathroom (no stalls, just one locking room) for the ladies - there is also one unisex bathroom but I definitely do not prefer that, and especially not at a bar!  So be prepared to stand in line to pee later in the night!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,7/20/2013,139,223,17,20,18>What a trip! It was great to be tripping! I took a trip to trip and so on.This place is kind of unexpected.  It's smack dab on a part of Lincoln you'd probably be more likely to go if you're trying to score some coke rather than some tasty belgian beer.  It looks kind of shady, in that "I could probably buy coke here" kind of way.  But walk inside and it's...well, a dive bar.Like other people said, it's a huge mixed crowd, I had a nice conversation with a guy pushing 50 who said his name was Pete and sounded like a SoCal stereotype and then hit on a girl in rollerskates and a sparkle bra.  It's that kind of place.But more unexpected is the beer selection.  Most of the beers I've never seen before and the ones I have are on draft.  For example: Fin du Monde is a real favorite beer of mine because I'm a hipster and I have to enjoy things that are both hard to find and European.  I have never seen it on tap.  And guess what Trip has on tap?Slightly less unexpected, but still pleasant is the sandwiches, which are pretty sizeable, cost around $7 and are a nice way to soak up all that liquid Belgium you got floating around in your belly.Equally unexpected are the bartenders, who are super nice, despite the fact that it seems like they only have one of them at any time.AND a free Burlesque show every Wednesday.  Really, this is just an unexpectedly great bar.  Take a trip to trip.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/19/2013,147,177,8,15,13>An urgent care review. Weird I suppose. It's not often I exclaim, "yaaaaay" urgent care, but really, this place deserves a tip from my tiny hat.Mr. R. and I actually live a few blocks from another urgent care, but time and time and time again, I walk in, see one person in the waiting room, put myself in the queue, and procede to wait an hour, two hours, etc. When you do finally get your golden ticket into the exam room, it's another 30 minutes- EASY -of waiting to see the doctor... but this isn't a one star review for the "other" urgent care. Nonetheless, we're talking 3-4 hours wasted. Every time.Then there's this place. Right across the hall is where our normal doctor is, but you can't always see that man stat, so lucky for our health and well being, we have a safety net. Now, it is urgent care, so you can walk in with no one waiting ahead of you or 15 people waiting ahead of you, but I've lucked out time and time again to very few people ahead of me. It may just be a well kept secret, which I'm potentially blowing right now, but the whole staff deserves the praise. They are so professional, they listen, and genuinely care. I never feel like I'm just another soul they're pushing through the queue. The front desk staff is also so caring which I've never experienced before. When I'm looking and feeling crazy, they honestly do what they can, even if it's just listening, to make me feel better. The one time there was a bit of a wait in the waiting room (someone was being transported to the ER, it was chaotic), the staff at the desk continually updated me as to how long I'd be waiting and made sure I didn't need anything. Anyway, it's worth the extra 20 minutes of driving to go here. I still make it home before I would have otherwise.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,7/18/2013,444,178,9,13,10>Been here twice for one reason only: to attend Jhon Gonzalez's Monday night Zumba class. Last night was SO much fun. It was an insanely fun workout and boy were we dripping sweat and gasping for air by the time it was over. Loved it! This club is actually a lot bigger than it looks and both times I've been it's never been super packed. I've also seen the cleaning staff working diligently so that's definitely a plus. I mean, if I had to I would definitely join this club; it seems like a decent place to workout. I love the studio, it's huge and great for Zumba. The free weights look really dingy though...kinda cringed when I saw them. Don't think I would want to pick them up. Guess some of their equipment could use an upgrade.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,7/17/2013,634,287,11,12,14>Yes I am a fan of this courthouse, its fairly new, the building is well kelp outside as well as inside, its been years since I have been in any court room, going through the security check point I though I was getting ready to board a plane, everything out your pocket's the guys even had to take off there belts, in side our jurors room there were desks w/ some PC ,vending machine's windows over looking the 405 and 105  frwys ,the restroom was clean with only one stool in the mens ,café  down stairs,fast  forward I got luckly to be on a one day jury duty service's best thing that happen to me being here is I got to do some work, some sleeping and some reading .Oh  yeah parking is free and free WIFI.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,7/16/2013,2568,1290,21,27,21>Burger #266: Do Me a SolidIf you've read my hundreds of burger reviews (you have a problem), you know I'm a stickler for a properly cooked AND well-seasoned beef-puck. Once the potential deliciousness passes that initial rule-out criteria set, I look for a loosely packed patty with a course grind. Beyond that, the toppings and the bun get their own scrutiny; yelp.com/biz_photos/corn…I forget which of their preconceived concoctions I based my creation on, but it ended up with lots of cheese, bacon, and mayo based sauces. The result was pretty damn satisfying. The glossy bun held its own against the onslaught of messy accoutrements, but I'm not a big fan of the brioche style bun for burgers. While the burger hit most the marks, the sum wasn't mind-blowing. Good? Without a doubt, and much needed for that area. I'd go back.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/15/2013,289,275,19,24,22>Got a Yelp Deal last year and finally found time to use it.  Money well spent!Jodi Ketchum's Tuina style massage technique is as great as my first visit.  Her exercise and self-maintenance tips at the end of the massage are really nice, too. Can't wait to go back for another massage -- she's just fantastic!The only new info I have to add is that the building's parking garage is free on Saturdays.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,7/14/2013,521,286,20,22,23>Top Barber has a barber pole outside ....so you know they are good for my business man's haircut. And at $14, it was a great deal. I think a Vietnamese couple runs it.  They are very sweet. I brought my grandson in, and Mrs. Top Barber hustled me into getting a cut, too. I felt like it was an Italian home where if you refuse twice, you insult the cook. Ha!   I love these places. They recently expanded, which leaves more room for posters of 47 variations of a crew cut. The smell of  a barber shop should be bottled.  Oh wait, maybe that's what Old Spice is for.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,7/13/2013,791,331,24,27,22>So amazingly good you would think this $4 cupcake was worth 10 times that. Imagine biting into a cupcake that transports you to a summer evening sitting around a campfire and BAM! .....you have Dreamy Creations Smores cupcake.   I would gladly come back for another one but one is more than enough. The cake is just right, slightly spongy not too sweet and married perfectly to the frosting, Dulce de leche ( I think) and then topped with a load of marshmallow mini's kissed just right with a torch.yelp.com/biz_photos/drea…The cutaway shot.yelp.com/biz_photos/drea…I am decidedly against the craze that is "cupcake" overload but this my friends is a cupcake to admire and devour again and again. Nice work Dreamy Creations, I wonder how delectable the rest of the line up might be? yelp.com/biz_photos/drea…And oh ya they did win some Food Network, apocalyptic cupcake drag out, knock down showdown competition.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,7/12/2013,974,310,36,24,22>This chicken made me see God ... Twice.Is this chicken for real?I mean it tastes like Jesus and Stevie Nicks had a baby and that baby grew up and had married a chicken, and that chicken got married to a tasty middle easterner and created Zankou Chicken.  Before Zankou (BZ) I would sit at bed at night and think, "Man, I wish I had some chicken".  It was super depressing .... just me surrounded by some cats and the smell of spinsterdom lurking and all I could think about was chicken.Now after Zankou (AZ), I am all like in the same bed, surrounded by cats, thinking "Man, I really need ZANKOU chicken".  This is the best frigin' chicken around.  I dream about their delish plates and all I want is to take a seductive bath in their hummus and hump their sweet succulent bird.  Oh, also rice is for losers (always DOUBLE hummus) and get those chickpea balls to start.  I don't want to burden my experience with remembering the nuance: just say CHICKEN, DOUBLE HUMMUS, CHICKPEA BALLS, STAT. Then just prepare for your tastebuds to explodes with the magic of chicken.  You won't be sorry.(Sidebar: people go NUTS over the garlic cream or whatever it is, KT can't comment as she is allergic to garlic and weird seedy substances.)
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,7/11/2013,1441,859,20,28,24>Located in a small bowling alley in Venice, Pepy's Gallery is a cute little 1950's diner that serves up some home-cooked meals.  There are about 15 tables and 15 stools at the counter, and this place is jam packed!  There always is a line here!  You can expect to wait 10-15 minutes+ for a table if you come during normal business hours.  It's worth the wait!The menu reflects the typical diner kind of foods (turkey sandwiches, burgers, etc), but the owner also offers Mexican food - Menudo, carne asada, etc.  Fun to choose among so many offerings!I ordered the Liver & Onions for my late lunch.  I eat this dish about 1x every 10 years, but decided to order it because I felt it kinda matched the restaurant.   Within minutes, the dish arrived with a heaping serving of french fries (choice of mashed, fries, rice, et), boiled peas, grilled onions, and two large pieces of grilled liver.  After taking about four bites of this dish, I was done because I realized that my taste buds have outgrown this dish.  It was delicious, but no subsitute for foie gras!  Hah!  Grade:  B+The best thing about this experience was the customer service.  Here, everyone is a friend and they treat everyone with respect!  Tons of coffee flowing everywhere and the customer service is the only thing that is oozing out more than the creamer!Next time, I'm ordering the menudo (served Sat & Sun).Food Grade:  BService Grade:  A!Worth the Money Grade:  A!Overall Impression A-!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,7/10/2013,1682,713,30,35,33>Tres Leches, love me some Tres Leches cake!!I happened upon this Mexican bakery, panaderia, a few months ago as I was looking for some Tres Leches cake because the other local panaderia where I used to purchase this delight started cutting the cakes smaller, charging more and they were putting it in a container too small for the cake so that when you opened the container, the frosting would stick to the top of the plastic cover when you opened it and thus, remove most of the frosting from the cake.  No bueno!  (I know that's now proper grammar but gringos get it, lol)So I found this place on Yelp and decided to try my luck there, even though there's no such thing as luck.  It's a small little bakery and I told the young lady what I was looking for and she pointed out the Tres Leches that they make.  It looked good.  Then, an older man who might have been the husband to the owner/baker suggested to the young lady in Spanish that she should offer me a sampling to try first.  I liked that idea and so she gave me a little slice from a cake she pulled from the display case and I thought it tasted really good--the cake was moist and it just was an explosion of happiness in your mouth!  I told her I would buy some.I went on to buy some other goodies they had on display like sweet breads and custard-filled pastries and was pleased that everything was not very expensive at all for the amount of goodies I purchased.  I also liked that the service was friendly which I really appreciated!If you're looking for some Mexican baked goodies, this is a good place to purchase them.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,7/9/2013,1002,224,5,11,10>Love wine? Hole in the wall?Hidden back room restaurant with upscale design and bar. I'm pretty particular with wine & I always leave this place pretty happy and tipsy. Delicious pizza, spacious tasting room and plenty of parking space in Santa Monica at any time of the day! The price is bit steep, but it's a nice hangout place with friends to try different wine & also to take some home. Hurrah to wine expo!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,7/8/2013,412,259,7,13,8>this is NOW my favorite bar on the west side. no lie, kids... i love the fact that it's nestled right next to a residential neighborhood...really has a neighborhood feel to it. i could walk from my house. that coupled with Chego's down the block means this neighborhood is undergoing some serious gentrification. PLACE IS GORGEOUS. very huge. very awesome. very hip. all the right peeps, a good mix for all types. plenty of flat screen tv's and plenty of seating for FIGHT NIGHT. i used to go to cabo cantina's and it was a mess. no seating, awful food and then lil wayne's look a like got drunk and sloshed his drink on me. things get fugly.not here. this is so well put together. nice tables. really nice decor, i really pay attention to detail and they had these really cool lights with old fashioned mason jars as the light covers. (see pict). to management:PLEASE for the love of GOD. do.. not.. change.. a thing. i love the food. really gourmet quality, everything...the sliders, the flatbread pizza, the salads. do not jack up the prices, perfect as is.i love the no-cover BS charge. the only place i will watch UFC for the rest of my life here in L.A. so much seating room, 2 bars. 1st room is cozy and quaint for large groups and/or romantic dates. 2nd back room is a huge bar with more of a sports bar relaxed feel. same good food served in both.service is fast, waitstaff is attentive. parking is a breeze all up and down motor (i'd avoid parking in the residential neighborhood as it can get crowded). i remember when this place was the nast and called Johnnie Fox's. that place was hillarious. then it morphed into a weird italian restaurant that was just not popular and weird. NOW it's finally re-opened into the neighborhood hang-out joint it was always meant to be. it's like an oasis in the desert, feels like something off of sunset or silverlake suddenly transplanted into palms. i always knew this place had so much potential. classy classy classy. love this bar.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,7/7/2013,601,374,8,10,10>OMG OMG OMG AYCE SUSHI ON THE WESTSIDE!!!!!!!And... it's DELICIOUS!!?!?!??!?!???!?!??!?!!!!!!I was in the mood for sushi tonight and was going to go to Sushi Stop on Sawtelle but it was packed. Not deterred, I checked out Yelp and discovered Kimuya, an AYCE sushi spot on Wilshire in Santa Monica for only $28.95/person (dinner).Went to check it out, found parking in the private back lot (yay for not having to find street parking!), and almost passed out when I saw the extensive menu... Highlights:- Unagi (fresh water eel), limited to 2 pieces (YUM!)- Oysters on the half shell (giant and delicious!), limited to 2 pieces- Uni (very fresh), limited to 2 pieces- Rolls (creative and tasty, not too much rice), unlimited!- Lobster appetizer- Spicy tuna on crispy rice appetizerThe final bill: yelp.com/biz_photos/kimu…Note that you have a 1.5 hour eating limit and that you have to eat everything, including the rice or else you will be charged full price for the dish that you weren't able to finish eating the rice from.Tasty, fresh, fast, and well-presented with great service (very sweet and polite waitresses)! The last time I went to Sushi Spot I spent almost $80, tons of better sushi for much less money (total for 2 people = $63 + tip). Super stoked that I discovered Kimuya!! The next time I'm in a gluttonous sushi-eating frenzy, I'll definitely be back.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,7/6/2013,510,482,4,13,8>Ever felt like you didn't belong? Well I'm sure Oi does. What is a place like this doing in the valley? Definitely good eats here!I'm a fan! This place finally brings something different to the valley. Sure it's small and a not so great location. But this place packs a punch! Literally with their dynamite fries. It comes with spicy mayo sauce and is warm and crispy. Also topped with cilantro and some garlic bulbs? Came here with my friends today. There's about 5 areas you can sit in. 3 inside and 2 outside.I also had the short ribs with kimchi mashed potatoes. So good! Don't worry if you don't like kimchi you can't taste too much of it. It blends really well. The short ribs were a little too smoky but combined with the mashed potatoes it tasted perfect. They have a really small menu as well and a whole lot of dipping sauces. Try all the sauces! I liked their umami gravy. They only have soda and water to drink here. Definitely somewhere worth a trip too. This place has a lot of potential. Hopefully in the future they can expand their menu! The service was great and they gave us free chicken tenders for checking them out. The chicken was really soft on the inside and crispy on the outside and had a bit of a lemon taste to it. I enjoyed my meal here and look forward to coming back!Prices are pretty fair. The braised rib bowls are 9.75, the dynamited fries 3.75, various sauces around 60 cents.Try it if you want something interesting and new! This place definitely puts the OI in OINK because this place will turn you into a pig. They also put the OI in OILY. One of my favorite hole in the wall places in the valley now.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,7/5/2013,271,424,5,8,7>This is for the recent Nothing to Hide show starring 2011 Magicians of the Year Derek Del Gaudio and Helder Guimarães, playing at the Geffen until Jan 20, 2013.  I've seen Derek and Helder's shows at the Magic Castle multiple times (both individually and An Evening With...)  The first time I saw them, there was no waiting and we all knew immediately after it was something different (they only performed 3 nights initially I think). Then a few months later they were brought back for 2 weeks, and I took some of my friends but had to wait about an hour in line (Derek told me that it would probably be the last time he was going to perform at the castle).  Then when they brought their show back again after both winning Magicians of they Year for Closeup and Parlour, word had already gotten around and it was a 2-3 hour wait if you were lucky to get in (I brought some Yelp Elite friends and it was the only show we saw on an otherwise slow night). Literally, I've seen hundreds of magic shows, and their show is bar none the best show I've ever seen.  So much so that I didn't hesitate to pay for a ticket, not knowing if it would be the exact same show that I'd seen four times already!So was it worth the price?  Hells yeah!  The current incarnation is directed by the talented Neal Patrick Harris, and the result is a subtly stronger stage presence and some more comedy while keeping the small stage, underground feel.  The biggest difference is in the opening, where hundreds of decks of cards inside "ship in a bottle" jars along towering bookshelves are displayed as a backdrop, and are later used in the show.  Also, there were a few more funny one liners added, with the majority of the patter remaining the same as before (ie, "I'm not happy unless you're happy" became a running gag).  As for the material, 3 new routines were added to the 8 total performed.  The first routine, the "Challenge" (which alone is worth the price of admission, and by far what they will go down for in the history books) remained the same, though they do add some new revelations here I believe.  You could hear the gasps in the audience as each card was revealed, without a word of introduction, and audience excitement then astonishment built up to the end.  Moreover, they still keep silent as to who they are, their awards, and their background/reputation, maintaining that whole "if you don't know who we are by now you probably wouldn't be here in the first place" presence.  Later, they do fill in some of the history as to the evolution of their show and how they got to the Geffen, which is one of the highlights and snarkiest moments in the show, and definitely seals the deal.The next 3 routines were the same as their original show: Unique Experience, Helder's mindblowing blindfold/Cards Across, and the Chupacabra, another original highlight. These were performed tighter and the tempo faster than originally, though that may be due to time limitations. Of the 3 new routines performed, (Mentalism Act, Newspaper Revelation, Deck in Jar/Dream) they hit soundly and were just as strong.  These 3 all involved audience participation, and were original and funny; I suspect that NPH was involved in the development or finish of these.  Finally, they ended their show with their competing card in pocket/This is not a competition! routine, which is a huge crowd pleaser though I thought the Deck in the Jar Dream would might have been a more fitting conclusion because of the backdrop. I can understand why it's not though, because it ends in a more subdued shock while the last one ends in a rousing twist ending. Also of note, in the very first incarnation they had a lockbox key trick (instead of the Chupacabra), which was arguably the weakest of their original routines and was left out of future shows. I felt this was actually better than the Mentalism act, but props for not just throwing this into the mix but instead coming up with 3 original new routines.  A nice gift for the magic castle crowd I think.The show lasts a little over an hour, if you're looking to be blown away or for something unusual, by all means I would highly highly highly recommend.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/4/2013,514,405,5,8,5>I miss Abbott's Pizza so much. When I used to live on the westside, it was more often than not that me and my girlfriend would order it for delivery. Not sure why this place is called Grey Block, but their menu is pretty much exactly the same. My favorite pizza is the Cheese Bomb with everything crust. It is da bomb. Its a cheese explosion with white sauce. We ordered an extra large pizza for carry out the other night and I did not realize how big an XL pizza was going to be. I could barely fit in my car with it. Lol. Luckily there were 5 of us eating, but even then we couldn't finish the whole thing. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,7/3/2013,389,773,12,10,9>Yeah this place is run down and crappy. I definitely would avoid this place on my own, but my dad loves his horseracing so mom and I tagged along. I hung out for about 6 hours in the "study hall" to watch telecast from Santa Anita with about 200 other people (mostly guys ranging from 35-80 years old). Got very exciting once the races were going, very loud and boisterous. Loved the energy, loved the cursing when we would lose. My mom is a fan of the restrooms being decently cleaned. Note: figuring out how to bet is the most confusing thing ever. Read the 2nd page of the racing program and the back of the bet slip to get a cliffnotes version. I screwed up my Daily Double bet and lost $2. Live racing starts April 25th.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,7/2/2013,330,1259,6,11,8>We really enjoyed the macarons from buttercup.  The shop itself is small and very simple and cute.  There is a small display of macarons and they are prepackaged in different flavor varieties.  It's especially hard when you want two flavors that aren't packaged together but, that means you should just buy more!We agreed these were one of the best macarons we've eaten lately.  Delicious center, fantastic crunch and chewiness.  Yums all around.  Salted caramel, pistachio are among my favorites!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,7/1/2013,341,299,6,8,7>When I first heard "Soup Bar" I thought something like Soup Plantation, but boy was I wrong. It's a fancy establishment with an amazing selection of soups that rotate ever so often but without the whole buffet experience, you order at the register.I went ahead with the Tomato Bisque and fell in love, the sourdough bread that comes with it is also amazing! The environment is really clean and fun.What's great is that you can get the special which allows you to taste up to 3 different kinds of soups. All the soups taste fresh and look really good. I definitely choose this place over Soup Plantation.This is a great place to eat something light. Your taste buds are in for a treat.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,6/30/2013,561,853,5,6,5>This is a solid 4-star rating.  While Pookie's served reliable, well-flavored Thai food, it still doesn't beat out Phayathai restaurant that has stolen my heart all the way in Ronkonkoma, NY, but it definitely will get me to return here.  I love Thai food so much, and I want the option of multiple restaurants to choose from...... the one will certainly get added to my list of returns.  I'd put this on an equal par with Rachada Thai over in Moorpark.  I found Pookie's dishes and flavors to be quite similar, if not exactly the same, and we even had the same issues over some of the food being too spicy (even though we asked for "mild").  I still ate it all because the flavors are just so wonderful, but yeah, the spicy factor was a bit more than I prefer.We tried all kinds of things, from the Chicken Sate with some really tasty peanut sauce, nice and thick the way I like it.  We also tried a small bowl of their Tom Ka Kai soup, but that was probably the weakest item we ordered.  It almost tasted watered down, but then it definitely had flavor.  I was a bit disappointed that there was much more broth than the chicken and mushrooms, so the soup to food pieces ratio did not match up (a pet peeve of mine).  For entrees, we ordered their Ruby Chicken, which was essentially red curry chicken, albeit a tad bit spicy, but the real markdown for me here was that it was missing the lovely vegetable selection that both Rachada and Pronpiya offer, but this one had bamboo shoots and sliced red peppers.... I'm used to green beans and different kinds of squash, but Pookie's version wasn't bad......just not what I have come to know and love.  We also had their version of drunken noodles, called Monsoon Noodles here........we had it with beef.  It seemed right on the money, compared to Rachada or Pronpiya........as did the spicy eggplant that we got without the spicy part.  They got it right with this dish as far as leaving out the spiciness, but I probably would prefer this dish to be a bit saucier.......as I'm used to.  Flavors were spot-on, though.  All was served with brown rice.I definitely love the ambience of this restaurant, which is very attractive inside, and looking outside their big picture windows, they face a VERY lovely courtyard that is just so esthetically appealing.  It's very serene and calming, so if one eats outside, it'd make for a great total package.  We happened to eat inside, and it was fabulous looking out onto all the foliage, fountains, pond.  I loved it.As other reviewers have stated, it's not easy to find.  We happened to stumble upon Pookie's because we ate at Bollywood Indian Restaurant (fantastic for great Indian food, I might add) and had to walk a different way to get to our car, and we saw this place out in the distance of a very large courtyard, and we wondered what it was..... Yelped it of course, and then decided to give them a try.  Had we just tried to find this on our own, well, I'm not sure we'd have been as successful in finding it.Service was a bit weird tonight.  They were darn crowded by the time we left, but when we initially arrived, they weren't crowded.  Service was quite uneven the entire time.  Our waitress, while very nice, was never really around, and we felt like we were an afterthought.  We had several other waiters help us because she didn't, and yet, I didn't really see what other tables she was working.  In fact, we rarely saw her on the dining floor.... so I don't know what was going on.  We watched another table of 4 get their 4 meals, one at a time, and the last of them was brought her dish a very long time after the first one....who, of course, had already finished.  That's not cool.  Yet, I do understand bringing out the courses fresh and hot.  I will say, though, that all of our dishes were brought out at the same time, so again, I think the service was just uneven.  Maybe they were short-staffed, and this being our first time, I wouldn't know.  Again, this is a place I'll be back to, so I'll be able to see how their service is the next time.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/29/2013,6/29/2013,202,69,9,11,8>The Ghetto. (*ghetto birds flying every now and then*)¡híjole!Please read Cindy S. review. I totally agree with her. Already gang members are tagging the children's playground. It's a children's playground, not gang turf/territory!!!!! It's a good thing that there is a police station down the street and they do patrol the area often. The park offers a lot of activities for children and teens. They just added a soccer field which is great. There is always The Truck that sells soda, chips, candy,etc. One day, i was too lazy to run to the store to buy toilet paper so I got it off The Truck. I only buy things off the truck when my lazy ass doesn't want to go to the store. Oh and let's not forget the shaved ice and the elotes. I love shaved ice with tamarind and strawberry flavor. There are a lot of street vendors who hustle there, it's how they make their money selling shaved ice, ice cream, elotes, and there is a sweet lady that sells sand toys and mini water guns, how convenient!!!kids get buck wild on the playground, half the time the parents are not paying attention. I was playing hide and seek with my kids and other kids came up to me and asked if they can play too. Sure, why not?!  There are times when you see the teens take over the playground 14-15yr olds just chillin' on the swings, when other small children are waiting patiently to swing. On their phone just texting away, sitting on the swing, when other children are just waiting.There is a public pool as well. They keep it very clean. Only opens in the summertime and it is never packed. You think it would be, but it's not. Only $1 to get in and 0.50 cents if you have your library card.Don't be scared of the vatos, they're pretty cool.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,6/28/2013,1697,541,7,14,7>Great PieSUNDAY:  First time ever having a Chicago style pizza.  I have been bugging my daughter for months to try an upside down pizza and it was always, "another time".  Well, out of the blue, she asked to get it on Sunday.  Ohhh, the wasted time.  We could have been veterans, maybe even Dukes, by now if she would have only said, "yes" on the first day!!Ordered their large, deep dish pizza, with pepperoni, sausage & black olives.  They told us it would take 30 minutes, so we also ordered some bruschetta to keep us entertained while we waited.  Also, a coke & lemonade for a grand total of $37 and six Lincolns.The bruschetta came out in a few minutes, the toast was nicely crunchy and the tomatoes, basil & garlic seemed very fresh.  It was a good start.While we were waiting, I noticed most of the customers ordering slices of pizza, all thin style, so I wonder if that is even better than what we were waiting for.Do you have any idea how long 30 minutes is, for an 8 year old?  How many times, I had to say, it will be here soon...  Anyway, it finally arrived.  A Pie.  The crust was almost apple pie like, flakey and buttery.  Next was a layer of 5 cheeses - you know the kind that you stretch to the ceiling before it finally lets go...  Then the ordered ingredients and lastly the sauce.  The sauce was bright red and chunky - just the way I like it.  There was no evidence of any seasonings, but there was plenty of flavor.  My daughter, the cheese hater of the family, loved the cheese.I was able to eat 2 slices, total.  My daughter went for her second slice too, but her eyes were bigger than her tummy.  The rest went home with us.  We'll definitely go back for the deep dish, but I would also like to try their lasagna and my daughter wants to try their alfredo.TUESDAY:  Yep, after my review, more wanted to come, so, I'm baaack.Ordered Fettucina Alfredo, Lasagna, Thin Crust Pizza, Chicago Deep Dish Pizza & 3 sodas for $71.40.  Looking to feed 5.My 8 year old ate the Alfredo like it was her first meal this year.  OMG, you really wouldn't believe how she ate it.  The sauce was creamy and it had prosciutto, mushrooms & peas in it.  I was able to distract her and get a spoonful too.  The creamy & salty was very good.Lasagna and thin crust pizza were good.  Not a real standout in my mind, we probably won't order it again.The deep dish as their, "Italian Delight."  Now, I'm not Italian, but it was definitely my delight!Service - This is a step up and order, then sit and wait kinda place.  So, it is setup in a way that they don't have to pay attention to you after your food is on the table.  BUT, they do, and they do a great job at it.When the second thin crust hit the table, I said, "ah", and that is all I could get out of my mouth before he explained that the cook made a mistake and that this pizza was on the house and our correct order would be out shortly.Good food and customer service.  Yea, I'll be back.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,6/27/2013,596,237,8,26,9>Started my first Semester in Spring 13' (February).  I must say that I am impressed with the way community college is. For many people, such as myself, there is this void that you need to fill. I am here based on the Matt Barkley Theory--"I have unfinished business".lol. I felt that by coming here that I would challenge myself mentally. I took a few remedial general ed classes and was surprised at the way people think.At the beginning of every class, every semester, the classroom is so packed that you can't find a seat. You have a bunch of people trying to get an add to the classroom roster, in hopes that the professor will drop enough students for their opportunity.So many people have these big dreams of being a Doctor, businessman or businesswoman, a nurse, an engineer or whatever. You  hear these stories and feel inspired. By the drop date, there is so many people that quit, that it becomes the "Last of the Mohicans". What I have learned is that people have so much potential in becoming great, however, they don't want to push themselves to become great. A lot of times people will blame professors or personal life issues on why they fail. Some people come to college with a "Why?"(purpose) and some come here for pretentious purposes that are unknown. If you attend West LA College, just know that the resources are there for you to succeed in whatever subject. There is a gigantic Tutoring Lab that sits on top of the Library where you can be tutored up until 8pm Monday-Thursday, and 9 a.m to 1 p.m on Saturday. If you make the time you can succeed in whatever course that you face. In my revelations, I have realized that I used to spend too much time in front of the television and not enough time reading. I get inspired when people look down on students who attend community college because most of the stereotypes are 40 percent true. There is a population within community college that will succeed and move on to great colleges. Stop worrying about transfer rates and focus on the goals that you have as an individual. You are the only person that is in control of your destiny. DO u sit in the front of class to get a better feel of the lecture? DO u participate in class discussions? DO u attend the tutoring lab? What is your why? These are questions you should ask yourself before enrolling in any community college. I am well aware that there are some bad professors, but for the most part, the resources are available for any student to succeed.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,6/26/2013,63,110,14,33,9>Edited now that I've gone for a whole week straight since signing up.I think the folks who gave Planet Fitness bad reviews are used to places like LA Fitness or Bally's. Planet Fitness is definitely no friils. If you want to get off your butt, watch some cable TV while on the treadmill, lift weights up to 70 or 80 lbs. and use some basic machines, this IS the place for you. If you need classes, personal trainers, towel service, then nah, don't come here.More than a few people in their reviews say they canceled their Planet Fitness memberships "after they found out" that such and such wasn't provided or the machines were below their level of fitness. Not sure how if you take the tour you don't notice what they do and don't have. You're giving someone your hard-earned money, ask questions!Monday at 10pm was absolutely packed when we came to look around. Unfortunately some clients were so crass they spewed sunflower seeds all over the floor - gross! Marlon, the manager giving us the tour, spent some of the time picking up the trash - wipe down paper towels, drink labels and caps, etc. -  left behind by patrons.We ended up getting the $19 premium membership with free t-shirt, 1/2 off drinks (we're next to a Vons so no big deal), access to other Planet Fitness locations, free hydro massage beds and chairs, red light therapy, and what was important to us - unlimited guest visits for my recovering-from-surgery-mom to come with me when she wanted to. Much less of a hassle than getting her a separate membership. Fees were $10 start-up fee on the day we signed, then $19 on the 17th of every month afterwards (makes sense to sign up on the 18th I think), plus $39 on the 1st of every June. There is a $58 cancellation fee if you cancel this plan within a year of signing up.For the $10 a month, no contract membership, they charge you $29 to start up on the day you sign up, then $10 a month on the 17th, then $29 annually every October 1st.The annual fee "locks in" your monthly rate, blah, blah whatever. Saturday and Sundays completely dead. Weeknights at 10pm there can be a wait for treadmills, but most machines and some bikes were available. Weekdays at 6pm also crowded. Haven't had to really wait though, after working out on an available machine something I wanted to use was usually available. Muscle Milk folks came in one day and passed out tons of free full-size bottles, tasted yucky, but it was a nice extra.The place seems very clean other than what we saw during the tour. We did a quick once over of the Ladies room and it got mom's "no visible mildew on the walls but always wear shower shoes just in case" seal of approval. On Saturday night I saw cleaning staff (an actual cleaning service, not desk staff) going through the facility. Paper towels and cleaning spray are provided for everyone to wipe down their machines.Page and Chris on the day shift are great. Page is really helpful and I made sure the manager, Kevin, who signed us up knew she was the one who walked me through everything on the phone. Chris always has a smile on his face and is very friendly. I previously said Marlon the manager was distracted when we did the tour, but when I went tonight he asked about my mom, impressive since we last saw him a week ago for the tour.Once a month they have pizza on a Monday, and also monthly bagels on another day and there are always Tootsie Rolls on the counter. I only have this to say: you DON'T have to eat it!! Most of us - and I include myself on this list - eat a lot of crap, even the ones who complain about this food being in the gym in the first place. I can't imagine eating pizza before or after a workout, but if someone wants to, go the heck ahead and more power to you! Pizza at the gym once a month does not make you fat - it is odd for sure - but if we as a species exercised some common sense and didn't overdo it all the time, I don't think it would be a big deal. Bagels are not bad, bagels smothered in butter and cream cheese all day and all night long are bad. A Tootsie Roll has 20 calories, it's not going to kill you. What we need to do is decide what is good for us, and what is bad and not do the bad. If you can't keep your hands off the pizza, don't go on pizza night. If you eat pizza, go home and have a salad instead of a steak for dinner. It's not rocket science. I saw a million food commercials on the TVs while on the treadmill, like looking at pastrami helped me get through a Lenten Friday (no, it didn't, it hurt me deeply). Is Planet Fitness enabling/encouraging bad food habits? There are a million articles that say eat a bagel, have a tootsie roll instead of a whole candy bar, eat veggie pizza, etc. it doesn't matter what PF does, it matters what *we* do. I won't be snacking there, but some of us might want a reward - so go get it and do some extra time on the bike if you want to make up for it.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,6/25/2013,251,205,6,11,9>I'm a risk taker, so I decided to book an appointment at Blow Angels sight-unseen for one of the most important hair days of my life: the day I took my engagement photos. Even though this salon is a bit of a hike, I chose it because it's one of the few places that offers $30 blowouts AND $30 makeup application, both of which I needed.The salon is super girly and cute, and my stylist was incredibly friendly and polite. I told her I wanted lots of curls and volume -- no easy task for my flat, stick-straight hair. The only downside to my styling session was that I was seated in a chair near the window. It felt like a greenhouse! But the time flew by as I chatted with my stylist, Alexia. Soon it was time for my makeup. I expected to get a new makeup artist, but Alexia did the entire service: hair, makeup, and lashes.I've had a $30 makeup application before--at StyleBar BH in Beverly Hills--which was way too dramatic and overdone. I wanted my makeup to be visible in photos but not drag-queenish. I asked for a middle ground between their "Angelic" and "Love Goddess" looks. She nailed it! I looked pretty but still appropriate, and the makeup photographed beautifully.After my hair and makeup was done, I sat in the car for 3 hours as we drove up to our photo shoot location, in Santa Barbara. The curls, the lashes, the makeup, everything held up fine for the 7+ hours from the time I left Blow Angels to the time my shoot was over. Thank you for the great work, Alexia!I'm happy to see they've added hair cuts to the service menu! After my wedding, I'll be chopping off several inches, so I just might be back!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,6/24/2013,795,513,5,17,12>After 2 years of trying to get reservations to Totoraku - finally success! Hubby's coworker who seems to have a close relationship with Chef Kaz, was able to reserve a table for 10 people on Thursday evening and words can not describe the meal we just experienced at Totoraku. The mysterious restaurant that's so exclusive where you're only allowed in if you're invited by the chef or taken by someone who's already been there is the toughest reservation to get in LA. Decor - Located right on Pico blvd in a non-descript chicken teriyaki joint. If you knock on the door and mention the name of your host, the charming Japanese woman (wife of the chef) opens the door, holds the curtain aside, and you enter... to a narrow, dingy interior with empty wine bottles lining the shelves, with several tables of various sizes divided by Japanese tatami screens to give an illusion of privacy. Not fancy at all. The kitchen runs along the right side of the room, open, but a high barrier prevents you from looking in.Food - There's no menu available. As soon as you take a seat, just be prepared for an amazing beef extravaganza. You're almost introduced quickly to a muse bouche with a variety of top notch ingredients. A plate of raw sliced filet, cut into narrow slices in various thickness will continue to come out from the kitchen so just be prepared to feast on every part of the cow.Beef Feast - Not in any particular order* Beef Tataki & Beef Throat Sashimi* Beef Tartare* Beef Tongue* Crudités - sticks of carrots, daikons & cucumber sticks w/ miso paste along with   peeled red juicy sweet Momotaro tomatoes.* Filet Mignon* Inside Rib Eye* Outside Rib Eye* Short Rib* Skirt Steak* Egg Spicy Soup* Selection of Ice Cream & SorbetsIs it worth it, you ask? Absolutely! Each beef piece that came out was extremely delicious, well seasoned and amazingly melt-in-you-mouth tender.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/23/2013,535,243,6,12,13>This is a brand new Japanese restaurant behind the shops facing PCH, and just south of the Albertsons. It is worth the effort once you sit down.We went on a soft opening day, and enjoyed scrumptious gyoza, and ridiculously tasty Ramen.It was definitely a fist-pumping moment to realize we had a new and pretty darned authentic Japanese spot to look forward to in our area. If there was one drawback, it would have to be that the Gyoza is so good that you could easily find yourself super full after the meal. Food coma, anyone?Pace yourself wisely, and enjoy a great meal here!(When this place takes off, and I think it will; it's going to be packed as it is rather small. Plan accordingly)
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,6/22/2013,506,366,5,6,8>Long story short, I was not going to have anything here at first but had the first bite of my brothers ice cream sandwich and had to have more!Mmmmm first bite of the chicken and waffle ice cream with red velvet cookies  was amazing & addicting. Sweet buttery awesoneness! Well worth the $5
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/21/2013,90,187,5,6,6>P R E T Z E L   bun!!! One of the best pretzel buns I've had in a while actually.  It almost tasted like egg/chala/pull apart bread but w/ the tang and salt of a pretzel.  And, indeed, the only ding it gets is it can fall apart as you're eating it.  It was fresh though it is not made in house.  They order from a local bakery.  The owner wrote down the name of it when I asked to buy just some pretzel buns from him.  I do not want to post it here w/o his permission, but if he told me I am sure he will tell others if you ask.The burger patty itself is cooked to medium unless otherwise requested.  It did indeed come out medium...ish.  There were some parts in the middle that would call medium rare.  The next time I go, I will order medium well and hope to get a real medium.Fries were similar to Five Guys: soggy, greasy, limp, and over salted. They also offer sweet potato fries but we didn't get a chance to order this time.  Their house made ketchup was of non-uniform consistency: chunky in parts and watery in others, very vinegary, not a fan.  In addition to "Our ketchup", They also provide "Their ketchup" which TASTED like Heinz but we weren't sure and "Our ranch" which was house made, creamy, not-watered down, and had a strong dill taste that I liked.  Perfect for dipping your fries in.The real winner here was the "side of the week" which this week was tater tots!  I'm not talking school cafeteria tots here. I'm talking giant, fresh, house made, piping hot, crispy on the outside, moist on the inside, gourmet tater tots for adults!BEE-OOO BEE-OOO BEE-OOO!!! ARNOLD PALMER ALERT!  ARNIE PALMIE ALERT!  They make their own lemonade and fresh brewed iced tea.  Mix them together for the ultimate summer time lunch drink pair w/ your burger.Free parking available in the Colorado Center garage w/ the same address.  There is a driveway next to the Starbucks.WARNING: This place is cash only but there's an ATM inside (with a fee).
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,6/20/2013,771,257,6,13,13>One of the most distinct places in LA and just a short stroll away from hustle and bustle of crazy Venice beach. These real canals date from 1905 when millionaire Abbot Kinney dug them as part of a vast resort town he modeled after Venice Italy. The houses architecture is fascinating, there are pop color houses and flowers, but very quiet and nice place to take a walk.  Its like a little, gorgeous hideaway from the noise and people of Venice. I usually visit here after having brunch/lunch at one of many Abbot Kinney Restaurants.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,6/19/2013,102,104,1,17,15>We stopped in here looking for some breakfast. We ended up ordering the breakfast burritos. I have to say, I think it was the best I have ever had! They had bacon, sausage, ham, eggs, and potatoes. They were so flavorful and filling, it was a generous portion size.  I asked for spicy sauce to put on it and they gave me their homemade hot sauce, it was AMAZING! It might even be worth the drive out to Rendondo to get these burritos and secret sauce again! Everyone who worked there was really friendly as well. Complete added bonus!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,6/18/2013,834,665,5,11,6>Was super excited to try this place with the Groupon. Honestly though, it's nice to have anyone else wash and dry my hair.  I upgraded and got the deep conditioning treatment.The place itself is super cute and played fun music; it was very much a little party-like atmosphere.  Jessica seriously must have massaged my scalp for like 15 or 20 minutes! This is part of the deep conditioning treatment; truth be told, I'm not sure that any of the conditioning was deep, but the relaxation was for sure.She did a cute little bouncey blow dry and my hair smelled amazing!  While a full-priced $35 bucks might be a bit more than I'd like to pay too often, it is nice to know that if I'm going somewhere, want something special done, or if my hair ever gets long enough for voluminous curls, I have a place to go.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,6/17/2013,1716,487,17,19,20>5-star review based solely on the apple fritter!I was recently promised a special dessert surprise, blindfolded (!!!), and driven off to the secret location that turned out to be...dun dun dun...RANDY'S! My blindfold mask was removed at the perfect moment for my eyes to catch sight of the oh so famous giant donut ring proudly topping the rather tiny in comparison donut shop. There's a walk-up window as well as a drive-through and if you walk up you can peer in through the glass to make your sugary confection selection by sight if the posted menu signage doesn't provoke your imagination well enough.My apple fritter donut was very very large and hands down THE BEST apple fritter donut I have ever had in my life. Yes, I just made that assertion. Boyfriend got 2 chocolate covered chocolate devil's food cake donuts and I alllllmost almost almost also ordered a cinnamon roll but considering we also were about to destroy a pizza I resisted the call of the fat kid in me.Thank you baby for bringing me here!!!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,6/16/2013,1712,1003,33,37,35>For dudes bday, I wanted to find a place that was kid friendly but also a fun relaxing place for adults and this turned out to be great spot!Never been to this part of el segundo, it was a cool spot that was perfect for the nice spring weather, there being outside seating as well as inside with a bunch of communal tables. The menu had tons of options from burgers, sandwiches, wings, pizza, hotdogs..... Dude got the bluecheese bacon hamburger and fries yelp.com/biz_photos/rock…I got the ahi sandwich with sweet potato fries. I detected some herb in my Sammie which I didn't care for, probably anise, but overall it was pretty good and very filling. The fries were pretty good.  yelp.com/biz_photos/rock…Service from our waitress Charity was excellent and really made our first time here really enjoyable. They have a lot of Tvs but u can't really hear them as the place gets pretty loud. They have a little play area for kids 3 and under.Lots of food for decent pricing and good for groups!another location opening up in Redondo beach!
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,6/15/2013,641,344,6,10,8>Tonight was my seventh visit to Lenny's.  I was totally shocked that I hadn't written a review of my favorite BBQ place in the valley!  I have never been disappointed with any of the food here ever.  I really don't think you can go wrong.  Tonight we had the Smokehouse Nachos with had tasty corn and flour tortilla chips, pulled pork, cajun sausage (sounds strange, but not), guacamole, jalapenos and a yummy, gooey cheese sauce.  This is an appetizer but we were pretty much filled on this item.  We made room for their famous Bananas Foster which is prepared tableside.  Wow.In our past visits, we've had the killer quesadilla, whiskey ribs (tender, juicy), tri-tip (maybe best ever), pulled pork (piled high), tri-tip chili (big chunks of meat, smokey), mac 'n' cheese sandwich (fat free! not!) , and the blueberry cobbler (OMG). On Tuesdays they have an AYCE Cajun Buffet for about $30.  Almost all of their menu items are in the buffet and you can also order off the menu.We've never been disappointed in the quality AND quantity of the food. We've always left with something to take home. When you go, leave room for some cobbler. No, seriously ... leave room for the cobbler! You'll thank me later.  Yeehaw!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,6/14/2013,400,235,5,5,5>One of my favorite places for an intimate tapas dinner. This place is tiny (probably 10 tables or so) so dont come here wth a huge group. I always score a table wthout a wait when its 2 of us for dinner.The dimly lit interior makes for a perfect romantic date night. But the best thing about Manchego is the food. We ordered the Brie and Fig with honey....WOW, loved it! The charcuterie platter was amazing as well...I couldn't get enough of the imberico ham. My favorite were the Shrimp wrapped with Prosciutto, Jamon Wrapped Dates, Beef and Brie Empanadas and Grilled zucchini, feta cheese and caramelized pecans and the asparagus wrapped in Serrano ham. The tapas are seriously amazing. The only thing I didn't rave about that night were the Chicken Empanadas...they are ok but nothing to write home about.What makes Manchego special is the quality of food (excellent), service (friendly), and ambiance (romantic and really intimate..perfect for a date) and of course BYOB. I can't wait to be back!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,6/13/2013,397,211,9,11,11>With my Urban Planning background, I truly appreciate the name of this restaurant.  Cool atmosphere, good energy from the crowd, and an open kitchen that appeals to all the senses! This is a delicious burger place with many items fused with Asian flavors.  Great selection of beer and wine.  My roomie and I split the pickles, which was a nice refreshing treat to start off with, the bleuprint burger (nom), and the fries with the leather ketchup. The burger was perfect enough to split (between two girls), and better yet the food didn't feel heavy in our stomach after we ate. We also had to try the divine Cruller Donut dessert with fruit and creme fraiche... though it was really like eating a churro in the form of a donut! Other items I want to try on the menu for my next visit.  Service was quick, friendly, and they seemed to have many employees on duty, which is a good thing to keep up with the crowd!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,6/12/2013,189,97,5,7,5>I am not one for change, so it is very difficult to even try another restaurant once I found my staples. I was definitely glad to try Moo Moo Thai Cafe out. It's a cute little restaurant on the corner of Venice/Sepulveda, with a really cool sign, and cozy dining area.  With such great ambiance inside, I will definitely have to eat there someday.  I ordered the yellow curry (mild) and Thai tea with boba. The curry had just enough kick to it so you don't burn your mouth off PLUS it had a rich creamy taste.  That curry was definitely unique, even though pretty much all yellow curries taste the same.  Also, my Thai tea with boba was done perfectly.  It wasn't too sweet and had the right firmness of boba.  All in all, my decision to venture out was a hit, and I just might have to add Moo Moo to my regulars.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,6/11/2013,189,735,9,13,8>I was at first a tad prejudiced by the chain, based on other locations, not in any way other than pre judging the type of restaurant, service and overall aesthetics.The Manhattan Beach location is an actual nice carpeted well lit restaurant that is way more elegant than the locations outside the area like on LaCienega or on Venice Blvd.  This could very well be suitable for a romantic date, family friendly outing or nice celebration.  I'm impressed by the service and decor and would come back again and only opt for this location when craving Versailles, not to say anything about the other locations other than they're far out, have harder parking and attract a different demographic... I guess I am saying something...  Much like how the Target store in Manhattan Beach is the "hot Target", this is the "classy Versailles" - - and I'd recommend it to visitors and locals alike.The food here is great.  I tried the Versailles Pork dishes in the past and have always love Cuban Pork.So, I tried to mix it up and explore something different... I went for the Beef Stew dish... which now causes me a problem and dilemma.. it was so good, now I need to figure out which one I like better, the pork or the beef... or else I will have to mix it up again and keep trying something different.Parking is easy in the front there's street parking as well as the side, but in the back there's a large parking lot.Don't get tricked by trying to enter through side side dining window door, that's locked and you will try to open it, make some noise as it won't open, everyone inside will look at you, then you'll continue a few steps forward down to the real main front entrance.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,6/10/2013,288,119,4,14,9>This restaurant is one of the reasons I really love yelp. It sat under my nose for close to 20 years in my neighborhood, and I never gave it a second glance when passing. A few years ago I had good friends visiting from New York, and they wanted good Mexican food. We decided to turn to yelp, and though this place isn't Mexican, it turned up on the list with a hundreds of 4/5 star reviews. Why had I never been to this place?We went in and ordered the popular yelp items - Carna Adobada to share, as well as a full assortment of their pupusa offering. It was a glorious meal - the carne adobada was tender, savory and had exceptional flavor, and all the sides were great. The pupusas were some of the best I had ever had. I love the side salsa and coleslaw-esq toppings that they come with. The chips and salsa to start were also great and home made (though not the very best home made chips/salsa I've ever had). I've come several times since - any time I have a hankering for pupsas pretty much. I've even brought them to two potlucks, with much fanfare!The atmosphere inside is warm and inviting, and through it looks like it hasn't been updated in a long time (outside of the mounted flatscreens), I wouldn't change a thing. The service is always absolutely exceptional, and the prices are fantastic considering all of the above. This is my 5 star pupusa place in LA.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,6/9/2013,401,80,1,25,25>I love this med spa! Great friendly service and knowledgeable staff. I have been in a few times in the past for microderm facials and they were great. This year I did a Cosmolan peel and a package Vela Shape. The peel worked really well. I was very worried about it as it was the first time I have had a peel and everything went exactly as they told me it would.I have had 2 of my 5 Vela shape sessions so far and I LOVE them! It's amazing
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/8/2013,509,120,4,11,5>It's hard to find a decent "upscale" gastropub in this part of town that I like. Waterloo has been disappointing every time I've eaten there. We really liked Larry's in the beginning until they shunned us (see my review). So that doesn't leave many options between Culver City and the beach.We went to Public School 310 their opening night and were blown away. The service was awesome, the deviled eggs were awesome, the beer selections were awesome. The kale caeser salad with chicken is AWESOME. But our favorite dinner dish is the roasted jidori birck chicken with the white bean ragout! I think you get were I'm going hereThe only thing we ordered here that we didn't care for was the Salmon-Pastrami Ruben - didn't realize it was going to be served smoked (think lox) and was wayy too salty.I think the last time I had a burger with quinoa salad. The quinoa salad really makes a guy think he's eating healthy. No complaints about the burger. Oh, and try the mezze plate too - small portion of hummus, baba ghanoush, tapenade and marinated chickpeas.They've generally got 2 or 3 IPAs on tap. Sparkling water is on the house, no $8-10 markup on CO2 infused WATER. Ample TVs throughout with Lakers, Dodgers (and those other LA sports teams) on the screens.Gonna be one of our regular haunts and hope you all feel the same.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,6/7/2013,310,105,7,10,6>Elabrew is a small specialty coffee shop in Santa Monica serving single origin coffees. Located in the corporate office park that is Colorado Center, it's not your typical neighborhood institution. The shop itself is fairly small and has no seats, chairs, or tables. Instead, there's plenty of comfortable seating outside: beautiful wooden tables lounging under canvas umbrellas, and a covered patio for those rare rainy days. The furniture looks like it was chosen for a five star resort. I suspect most customers just take their drinks back to the office. But on a gorgeous sunny day like today, that would be a sad thing to do. Elabrew serves beans from a rotation of such renowned roasters as Ritual and Stumptown. They have a number of different preparation utensils, including a siphon. If you want a custom order, I'm sure they will be happy to oblige. When you walk in, it's hard to miss the large three-foor-tall Kyoto-style cold brew apparatus on the counter. It was fascinating to watch the coffee drip one drop at a time into the flask at the bottom. But today was not hot enough for cold brew. I chose a Stumptown Honduras off the pour-over menu. The coffee was prepared meticulously and carefully. Stumptown tends to have a bitter smoky edge to it, and this cup was no exception. However, it lifted as the cup cooled, revealing milk chocolate sweetness and an almost floral delicacy. Very Nice.I also had a single origin espresso from a roaster in Olympia, Washington. It was from Burundi and very fruity: blueberry and grapefruit, with a luscious smoothness. Parking is validated for three hours, so there's no excuse not to make Elabrew a destination to meet friends, or treat yourself, even if you don't work in the Colorado Center. Elabrew is the perfect place in Santa Monica to enjoy the sun, park-like tranquility, and a super-delicious cup of coffee.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,6/6/2013,618,176,5,9,7>I came here for a CMYE event at ElliptiFit and got a nice sweaty workout just in time before pigging out for Thanksgiving!   I'm always eager to try new activities and workouts and was curious how they could make a workout sesh with just the elliptical. The location is right on Santa Monica in a plaza on the second floor.  There's free parking in the lot for 1 hour which is a plus.  Our instructor was extremely enthusiastic and explained thoroughly how the class works.  She gave each individual a target heart rate and a free cold water bottle!  The elliptical machines were spanking new and they truly utilized every minute in the 45 minute class with pumping music.  We did different inclines at high to low resistance, repositioned our feet to burn each leg with more intensity, and used our core to workout our abs with the machine.  This energetic cardio class kicked my booty and yet it left me feeling energized for the rest of the day.  Definitely a great way to change up your workouts!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,6/5/2013,291,297,5,6,5>Since the first time I walked in this place and the barrista worked his magic on my latte's foam I was intrigued.  I've come back a couple of times during the day to find yoga moms and their kids enjoying a chai latte or sandwich. When I noticed they had food I just had to try it out.  The times that I've been there I have only had their Farro Salad. It is so yummy. The farro seed is chewy but not in an oatmeal type of way. The salad is mixed with basil, fennel, red onion, spinach, feta, and splashed with red wine vinegar. I've not tried their juices but I did hear what I think was the manager mention that some juices are pre-made and available in their fridge. These pre-made juices come in a glass bottle and on your next visit you can drop off the bottle and get a dollar back.  Their coffee is pretty legit here too. Can't wait to come back and try other yummy items from their menu.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,6/4/2013,813,468,10,11,13>This place was a complete surprise to me. I'm serious.Baked goods? Check.Sandwiches? Check.Wraps and Salads? Check.This spot's food blew me away. I had the protein-wrapped turkey burger with a side of fruit, garlic fries, and the toffee red velvet cheesecake cupcake.The turkey burger was money. Serious Money. Normally you get a turkey burger that is bland and flavorless. Not this one!!!!!!!!!!!!! This one was poppin. The garlic fries are also great! My favorite was the cupcake. My inner fat girl wanted to eat 13 of these. Savory, rich, decadent and velvetey all in your mouth!!!!!!!!!!! This damn cupcake put me in a better mood. You need to come here asap!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/3/2013,185,234,7,8,9>My team and I have had our offsite meetings here at Catch a couple of times already. I love this place! The view is awesome! The service is spectacular! The food is always really good.We always start off at in the dining area for lunch and then we'll move to the lounge area to get into business.The last time I was at Catch, it was Dine LA so I ordered from that menu. I had the burrata and beet salad as a starter. For the entree, I had the short ribs...delicious!!! I used their bread to soak up all the yumminess!!I could spend the whole day there.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,6/2/2013,157,340,9,10,10>I was surprised with Furaibo. I had never paid too much attention to the place and since I went on a mission to try every place on Sawtelle, I had to try Furaibo too.It has a very big menu for dinner and a very small menu for lunch. In fact I went there for lunch, sat down, looked at the menu and didn't see any of the dishes I saw on yelp, so I left to return some other day for dinner.It sort of reminded me of Terried Sushi, a joint that closed a couple years ago and that I loved for their small sauteed dishes of seafood and vegetables.Here is what I tried:Agedashi Tofu.. delicious.. Beef tataki, I really liked it. but from all dishes it was probably the one I would skip next time.fried baby halibut.. beautiful presentation, very tasty.sauteed asparagus and sauteed scallops with enoki mushrooms, both good.kimchi fried rice, yum.The draft sapporo was icy cold and went perfectly with the food.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,6/1/2013,835,409,11,14,15>I dare you to find a dish on Song Phat's menu and tell me it sucks. The thing is, you can't! This unassuming restaurant is nestled in a plaza that's home to a liquor store, a pizzeria, and some insurance business. Song Phat is family-owned hidden gem and they serve their Vietnamese food family style. I would say their menu focuses and specializes in their rice dishes that really highlights traditional Vietnamese flavors that comes from the chef's imagination. Meaning that the menu here is authentically unique and won't find these dishes at other Vietnamese restaurants. Although they do offer pho, there's a variety of soups, clay pots, hot pots, and noodle dishes that you need to try.The dish that won me over is the N6: Bánh Canh c. For less than $7, you get shrimp & pork with clear noodle in a thick crab soup. The soup is so flavorful, it soothes the soul no matter what the weather is outside. The noodle is thick & chewy with generous helpings of pork slices, shrimp, and quail eggs. Every mouthful is a flavor explosion that you can't help but drink the bowl empty. Another alternative to this is the Bún Riêu - crab, egg, noodle, & tomato crab soup. I would describe it to be a lighter soup base since its not creamy but you get a completely different flavor profile from the tomato soup. A good rice dish to start off with is C6: Lemon Grass Chicken. The chicken is stir fried to a crispy crust with onions and a side of rice. So amazing, it would be selfish of you to not share!Restaurant is small and a little run-down looking but there is always a seat for you. Take your time, read the menu, and know what you want to order. Depending on who your server is, they might not take the time to suggest dishes. Their English may not be as good or their accent is really strong. But the owner of the restaurant is cheery & offers great suggestions. So far I have not been disappointed and it is my goal to try something new from the menu every time. Song Phat has made a regular out of me!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,5/31/2013,391,361,8,11,8>The beer list is worth 5 stars!  They carry the good stuff,  from all over the place. I spent a good 30 minutes changing my mind on what beer I wanted, the menu had two pages of beers with one page being devoted to the finest and indeed it was.  If you're a beer snob- come here this place will impress you on their selection and they are not even a brewery.  Sucks that you have to hoover over people waiting to grab their spot .  They have a gal at the door that just tells you to seat yourself, I was kind of wondering what her purpose of being there was.  This place is tiny!  Gets really packed with people just standing around waiting for a spot so when you do find a spot to eat and drink you got people standing near you gawking at you waiting for your table.  Sucks....   But....damn the beer is worth it.  If this place moved to a bigger location it would be fantastic.   The unorganized seating system is giving me an itch to give this place a 3 star rating but just because of that beer list I can't bring myself to do it.They have a small bar area with flat screen on the wall with the game on and you have to order your food at the bar too and they will bring it to your table.  My burger was over done so I would order it med-rare next time.  The cheese and sauce in the burger yummy.   I  had half of this burger and it filled me.   Also sampled the ribs- just okay.  Parking is on the street in a busy area- but nice area to walk in.  The food prices in here average at $12-15 some  of the high quality beers in here will cost you. They serve my fav- Agallash I got the white one but there was one also on the fine beer list for $32!  I wasn't ready to drop that much on a beer. ;p
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,5/30/2013,209,151,12,14,5>This is the mecca for owners of small children!Here's the deal.  I have a 2 year old, and trying to go to dinner with her is insanely difficult.  She can't sit still.  Doesn't want to sit in a high chair or a booster.  Won't eat her own food (wants ours).  Screams, yells, and runs amuck in any restaurant.  The solution: Giggles n' Hugs!Here's the reasons why this place is perfect for anyone with toddlers:1. They have alcohol for the adults2. The kids can run like crazy in their playground area3. They have people on staff that are paid to entertain your kid4. They have alcohol for the adults5. The food is pretty good6. You can watch the kids play while enjoying your alcohol and foodTo set the record straight...this is NOT a fancy restaurant by any means, but it's a fantastic place to bring your kid, have a meal and drink.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,5/29/2013,441,219,7,13,8>Bagels are bagels. Honestly I can't really tell the difference between Western, Manhattan and Noah's. They're all better fresh in the early morning, they're ok mid-day and come late evening, they're starting to stale and need a trip in the microwave wrapped in a moist paper towel. So why am I giving Noah's a 4 star instead of a 3 star like most other bagel places? The deal. The box of bagels deal.Did you know that if you order a box of whatever combo of bagels you want you also get two tubs of whatever schmear you want? And did you know that it's less than $15? I didn't. Damn happy I know now. Good to know when I want to kiss ass at work or feed friends on the cheap, I can show up here and get a box of bagels and not break the bank. I dig it.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,5/28/2013,400,155,10,14,13>Visited this location many times over the years - They're consistently good in both food and service.Things I like here:Open 24 Hours, everyday including all major Holidays.Breakfast served All Day."Bigger Better Breakfast" - a Lumberjack special at a great price"Chuckwagon" Steak and Eggs - tender, juicy and well flavored steak.  They will do Hash Browns well done on request ( once had them re-do this, but enjoyed the crispiness even more when they were delivered on a separate plate. )   They will also hold off on the ( included ) pancakes for you enjoy as a dessert.Bean Soup - I like with a splash of Tabasco SauceGumbo Soup - slightly spicy, hearty soup with rice, sausage, shrimp and vegsCaesar Salad - nice dressing  and cheese on crisp fresh romaineBaja Shrimp & Avocado Cocktail ( if they still have it ) Generous and very enjoyable with it's fresh cilantro, lime, and just the right amount of seafood cocktail sauceGarlic Fries !   Crisp fries with a wonderful garlic sauce topping. The aroma alone is fantastic!"Dinner Sundae" - way smaller than their "Schooner Sundae" but just as tasty and festiveBrownie Sundae - This is huge enough to be a complete meal in itself !AYCE dinners on certain nights - on one night they offer ( any or all of ) Fried Chicken, Fish Fry ( seems like a beer batter cod or halibut ) and sweet and saucy BBQ Beef Ribs.Counter service is good if you don't want to wait for a table or booth at crowded times.All their dinners include Soup AND Salad - and still at very low prices !
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,5/27/2013,564,153,7,8,7>Huh?  I haven't reviewed this place??  Well, I've been going here on and off since it opened.  I mostly visit on more special occasions and yesterday was one for a b'day lunch a friend wish to treat me, cool!I've been having beef meals the prior days so my little doctor on my shoulder was shaking a finger at me to eat more healthy so a fish option was in order.  I saw a news story on tv the day before about the benefits of the Mediterranean diet and on the menu I see Mahi Mahi Mediterranean...  Done!After some warm, complementary bread was made to disappear our plates arrived.  My friend had a fish sandwich that was served basket style with a good portioned side of the most addicting fries!  Just the right amount of crunch, saltiness, and size.  My plate looked really inviting!  The potatoes were creamy and hot, the spinach was well portioned and hot, and my nice sized mahi was draped with little diced tomatoes and I think a touch of olive oil...   And hot!Needless to say my plate didn't stand a chance, plated cleaned!  My friend and I polished off her fries as well. ;o)  To add, our server was quite happy and upon hearing about my birthday came by with a free chocolate chip ice cream sandwich!  It was quartered cut and garnished with a strawberry (a candle on the corner of the plate too!), and, it was really cold!  Perfect!Along with the great decor, the bottle of water placed at our table and an ice tea that never went empty I'm going to have go a full five on our experience, well done FishBar!  See ya soon!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,5/26/2013,750,698,8,11,9>This Japanese-Italian fusion is da bomb, though I regret I didn't order anything that has uni on it. Fortunately I worked around the area, so I'll be back to try it. I'm not usually a fan of Carbonara, but I loved theirs. I couldn't stop eating it and the portion was pretty generous. As other yelpers also pointed out, ALWAYS order the famous $1 Garden Salad. Almost every table we saw ordered that, for $1, the salad was plenty for appetizer. My coworkers ordered Spinach and Clam in creme sauce and another person ordered the Napolitano with wiener. All of them looked very appetizing, I can't wait to come back and try more stuff on their menu. Service was great as well, though parking is a pretty serious issue at the rear parking lot, it's better to park by the residential, easy to find.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,5/25/2013,259,379,9,9,6>Once upon a time there was a less than sincere female that masqueraded in my life as something genuine when she clearly was not (I just chose to ignore the obvious signs). But I digress. Although it's hard when looking back to find anything redeeming about her and her disingenuous and scandalous ways, every once in a while she would show up with breakfast bagels from Bagels Galore. Unlike her, these handfuls of delicious nourishment are THE TRUTH!!! The sandwiches consist of a warm toasty bagel of your choice(Plain, Egg, and the "Everything" bagel are my favorites), egg, cheese, and last but not least BACON. When I think about it even further the fact that she is anti-bacon should have been the only warning I needed to turn around and run as fast as possible in the opposite direction of her fraudulence and deceitfulness. However hind sight is always 20/20 and at least now I know she's a manipulative liar and more importantly that Bagels Galore has tasty breakfast sandwiches.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,5/24/2013,85,122,8,14,13>Ive always passed this pizzeria on my way home but I decided to give it a try. I ordered the large pepperoni pizza & couldnt wait to try it. I really liked the semi crispy crust & sauce. Price is not bad for an authantic italian pizza. Employee's are friendly, ill be coming back soon. Oh & they deliver which is a plus!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/23/2013,831,371,23,21,21>¡CARAJO QUE DELICIOSO!Ordered up a dozen of these and when I got them I thought to myself "well this sucks, they're super tiny."...It was all a clever disguise.After only 2.5 of these super delicious and piping hot empanadas I was going down. I had become belly full almost instantly! These little suckers were packed...no super stuffed with yummy goodness. I had to take the rest home to share...yeah I know sharing can suck, but it is a form of caring. Ordered up 3 of each: Beef. ground seasoned beef with veggies.Chicken. Seasoned chicken with veggies.Apple. like baby apple pies that are baked not fried.Cajeta: Oozing with caramel goodness!Oh and most of the empanadas are labeled on the bread. Food coloring or singed in I don't recall. Cause if you're a vegetarian...heaven forbid you accidentally bite in to my empanada. ;-)The store is super tiny but in a cozy way. I suppose if you're there to pick up and go its not a real problem and the staff is super friendly.Every bite of my empanada was memorable and still has me wanting more (days later). I need an excuse to shlep over for more.HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!PS...I posted pics of my empanadas on the Instagram and out of the woodwork's people were claiming that THEIR empanada store is the best! Looks like I've set off an empanada turf war.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,5/22/2013,86,202,16,26,20>I came with my mom to Killer Shrimp at 12:20pm on a Saturday, armed with a brunch Groupon for $20 (paid $10) and was seated promptly before I asked if we could order brunch here and was directed carelessly to the café next door. The wait was "20-30 minutes" so my mom and I ambled outside and enjoyed the amazing aroma of buttered fish and the view of yachts. We came back in 20 minutes and sat around and listened to the lady call out other people's names. 30 minutes after we had been back for 20 minutes, I got suspicious that a couple I was sure came later than we did got called to be seated. It turns out the lady had called our names but I either didn't hear her or she called our names before 20 minutes, which made our wait time about 50 minutes at 1:10pm, which pretty much pissed me off cause I had gone to the podium about 5 times to check our position in the 30 minutes we were waiting in the flies-infested restaurant. The lady apologized twice however, and my mom was enjoying the environment and critiquing the way people ate and seemed pretty much unfazed so I let that go. + Wonderful view of the marina. The shadows of the umbrellas to block the sun from peoples' faces were well placed without being in the way of the scenery. + Check into yelp for free drip coffee + Cheerful server who was on point with the coffee serving and remembered my yelp deal at the end without my having to remind her+ It seems like Killer Shrimp waiter attire is "all black chill rocker"? I guess it's cute. + We ordered Killer Shrimp benedict ($12) and NY Steak and eggs ($13). 5 minutes from seated to ordering, 20 minutes from ordering to receiving food. + My killer shrimp benedict was AMAZING. Although the egg was not perfectly poached, the hollandase sauce was basically the best I've ever had EVER. They also added a spicy kick, which went well with the overall flavoring.  This dish alone is why my star count is so inflated. + The hashbrowns were very buttery but didn't have much of a taste to me, hence the provision of ketchup. My mom, however, found the hashbrowns to be beyond delicious, without the ketchup. + Steak was thin and well-seasoned. I don't usually take to steak but this was one good steak. -Table nor floor was clean. There was a sticky residue off to the side of my end of the table and a smashed strawberry something underneath my seat. -Flies inside! Sit outside. A bit windy outside, but I am biased cause I don't like wind.-Took flipping forever to get our check! I had to flag down a busboy to get a box. While showing my mom how to use groupon, I chanced upon another groupon for killer café at $12 for $24 worth of food, which would be much worth it since an entrée is about $12-13 dollars. I would most definitely come back with a fellow egg benny enthusiast and order the same thing!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,5/21/2013,561,586,23,32,28>Free delivery if you live nearby!I've been shopping around for a sofa for quite sometime so I know when I'm getting a good deal/value or not.  I found a great looking and comfortable sectional within my budget and because I live nearby, delivery was free!  Ken, one of the owners, is whom I dealt with and I would recommend Ken. Ken was willing to work with me on my budget and gave me a great deal on the sectional I was interested in. He was also very nice and didn't try to hard sell me.My sectional was delivered today and it looks fabulous in my livingroom. What's also great is that I got it for at least $100 less than I would have elsewhere. Thank you, Ken! Will be back when I'm ready to get more furniture. =)Also, the delivery guys were careful with my new sectional and even helped me discard my old sofa chair.  Don't forget to tip the delivery guys!  =)If you're on a budget, definitely check this place out! And, ask for Ken! You can find free parking along the street.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,5/20/2013,1561,540,12,21,16>I can't believe I have never reviewed this Kabuki!  I used to live in the area and eat here more than any other place.Now I can't say that Kabuki is spectacular, but it is good.  I have discovered various things on their menu that I have liked.  Many of the appetizers are tasty; like the gyoza, tempera, and sesame chicken.  However, I tend to like these items at every Japanese restaurant that has them.  My current favorite Kabuki specialty roll is the Baja.  I also like the Shrimp Tempura Roll and Tempura California Roll.  The chicken and beef teriyaki plates are good too, and I have gotten them on occasion when I wanted something different. The absolute best thing about Kabuki are the kids meals.  They are substantial, and have a good mix of food that usually includes rice, salad, tempura, and a fruit cup.  Some of the kids meals are actually bigger, or just as big, as many of the adult meals.The service here is hit-or-miss.  Sometimes it is good, and other times it is impossible to flag down a waiter (which sucks if you are trying to rush to see a movie).  There is one woman in particular who has worked here for years that is always great.  Some of the other staff seem like they could care less.Something that I despise about this Kabuki location is that it feels like a cold wind tunnel, especially directly outside.  It is always cold here, so I am sure to dress warmly whenever I visit.  Even some of the seating can be uncomfortable because of the cold air that gets funneled in every time the front door is opened.  It can make dining here very unenjoyable, so be sure to get a good seat away from the door!In my opinion, Kabuki is a 3.5-star place that I am bumping up to 4 because of their awesome kids meals.  Being that this is somewhere that I usually go to with my family, it is important that everyone enjoys the food.  I like many of the items at Kabuki and have always been down to eat here.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,5/19/2013,1263,227,10,13,13>I almost don't want to review this place because I don't want people to come here :) I'm a little selfish like that! This place is hidden in the back of a working barbershop and there is no sign stating it's a bar out front. The bar itself is dimly lit and fairly small. The The happy hour is decent and the mix drinks are highly priced at around $14 a pop. I guess the reason why I like this speakeasy lounge is because it's a speakeasy! I feel like batman going to his bat cave when I walk through the barbershop into the bar.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,5/18/2013,2627,609,28,30,28>Don't bring your kids. Why?They can't go in lol. Don't bring a friend who is under 21. Why?They can't go in. Strictly a 21+ place which shocked me. There is a "bouncer" I guess you would say chillin' by the door, checkin' IDs. He hands you a menu, and he lets you know that you choose where to sit, and you order at the bar. It was a pretty crowded Sunday day, and luckily, the boyf and I found a good corner seat. We both got the Office Burger with frites, and we both ordered beers. Surprising for me, cause I dislike beer. :O :O :O . I got this cherry one, which the bartender mentioned that it tasted more like a different variety of berries. Ended up being decent. Bearable haha. Our food came out in like 10 minutes..quick! No ranch here..womp. :/ The garlic frites were really good..but only for the first couple of minutes. Afterwards, it gets very stale like. Some were extra chewy, and some were like potato chip status. The burger was succulent-ly delicious! I'm not a fan of feta cheese, but the combination of everything fit pretty well. We nom nom-ed the whole thing up! I really don't like how this place is basically DIY. You gotta search for seats, and order your food up by the bar. Even if you ask a server for water, they make you order it yourself. Whack sauce. It's friggin' water! Btw, some of the servers need to work on their customer service skills. Btw, you aren't allowed to bring any outside food for whatever reason. This elder man had a huge pan full of food, and he was unable to bring it inside. He was pretty pissed too haha. Soooo..don't even try! This is definitely a place to come to every so often. :]
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,5/17/2013,802,562,7,13,10>The search for a good doc can be so challenging. After my insurance plan no longer covered my doc of many years I was forced to go in search of another that I could get along with. I am not THAT hard to please, so I thought... Knowledgeable, good bedside manners, talk to me like an adult, efficient front office, courteous assistants and a clean office - that was all I asked; not so unreasonable. Little did I know how hard it was to find. Then I entrusted my health care over to Dr. Hosseini. In addition to knowing his stuff, Dr. Hosseini is a nice gentle man that has the knack of knowing when I am straight out bs-ing him. Yeah, I gotta admit I am not totally truthful with my docs. "Yes doc, I've been eating better" or "Yes doc, I've been working out regularly".  Anyway, I figure that is what lab work is for, to figure out the truth.I love it that his office can do the lab work. I hate going to one of those cattle call labs to have my blood drawn. His staff is great.  Last time I went in, it was apparent that I had not had my first cup of coffee. With great compassion, the assistant marched me into the lab-work room right away. I was back in the waiting room sipping Dr. H's complimentary coffee in no time! Everyone is friendly and I've never had to wait more than a few minutes in the waiting room. The only down side to the office is there is no free parking unless you are willing to walk a couple of blocks. Then again with the office as efficient and timely as they are it only usually take me 2-3 quarters in the meter.Next time? Yeah back in 3 months, plenty of time to come up with a new story for the doc!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,5/16/2013,341,221,12,14,13>I like No. 1 Chef!Their menu arrived in the mail earlier this week and my husband knew I was craving Mu Shu Pork, so he suggested that have dinner at No. 1 Chef.  We ordered:Fried Cream Cheese Wontons with Imitation Crab Meat (#38) - I love cream cheese wontons.  These were a TINY bit sweet so I was wondering if maybe they added a little bit of sugar to the wontons.  I prefer it without the sweetness, but I still enjoyed it (and ate it all).Mu Shu Pork (#65) - Love it!  The interesting part is that there was no hoisin sauce on the side.  I think a little hoisin was added while cooking so the flavor was there.  I actually prefer it this way! It was served with four pancakes.Chicken with Mixed Vegetables (#69) - This is off the "Weight Watchers" section of the menu,  These dishes are steamed with no salt, starch, oil, or sugar added.  You have a choice of a white sauce, brown sauce, sweet-sour sauce, or kung-pao sauce served on the side.  They serve it with steamed rice, and you also have the option of ordering brown rice!  This dish was very good.Portions are large - both dishes made fantastic leftovers.The restaurant itself is very plain.  I think it's more of a takeout/delivery place.  We did eat in and everyone there was very, very nice and polite.  They have a sign that says the minimum charge to the credit card is $6, and they will deliver with a minimum order of $10.I am looking forward to trying more of their dishes!-----------------------4/2/2013 Update - I ordered the Mu Shu Pork for delivery last week and they included the hoisin sauce on the side!  They must have forgotten to give it to me last time.  I still didn't use it - it was still delicious without the extra sauce.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,5/15/2013,330,334,13,19,18>Hey all you gentleman callers and special ladyfriends! Tar & Roses needs to get into your date night rotation, pronto.It has that rustic/reclaimed wood/ exposed brick look that everyone is doing these days,  but it's attractive, relaxed, and the food is on point.  Tar & Roses has also got a wood burning oven and they know how to use it!  The hubs and I had a great dinner here and there are so many awesome sounding dishes, it's hard to go wrong. We started off with charcuterie which you can mix and match (3, 5, or 7 items).  The meat and cheese selections are excellent and they rotate regularly, but portions are scrawny... especially for the price. Here's the breakdown of what we shared:Oxtail dumplings ($8) Sweet Jesus. FAVORITE of the night!  Delicate dough, rich meaty filling Manila clams ($10) Yum! VERY bold...woke up my nasal passages up real quickHamachi collar ($14) Perfectly cooked, beautifully seasoned with Asian flavors Bone marrow, onion marmalade ($11) it's bone marrow. Of course this was delicious!Korean style steak tartare ($12) Great. Not a must, but definitely doesn't disappoint.Chocolate "tar" bar- salted caramel ice cream, hazelnuts- loved the different texturesMany of these dishes pass through that beastly wood-burning oven, especially bread, which adds a nice touch. The drink list is great, service was fantastic and overall, we had a  pretty flawless experience. Be sure to make a reservation.  And if you're the romantic type or you need a little extra game, DEFINITELY request a table on the enclosed patio.  It's cozy, gorgeous and it will make you feel extra special!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/14/2013,703,398,14,17,14>The Works veggie burger is right on par with the Victory veggie burger from Leaf Organics. I don't know which is better! The works burger is not very big, but it sure is filling! It has lots of fresh tomatoes, avocado, lettuce, pickle....and oh, yeah faux bacon!! It was my first time eating tempeh bacon and it was soooooo gooood!!!I got to choose a side and went with the potato salad. It was really tasty. I think I liked it better than the quinoa side. Service is friendly. They now use an iPad as their POS system. At least the girl at the counter communicated with me, unlike some other place I recently went to (ahem, Clover). You get better bang for your buck at Leaf Organics though as their burger is bigger. But I would definitely come back here when I have a hankering for a veggie burger!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,5/13/2013,275,195,20,19,19>One of my Top Ten Best Gift Moments has to be opening the door to a delivery box of six classic gourmet treats from Yummy Cupcakes in Santa Monica! The thought, the surprise, the love and the cakes made an unforgettable gift combination. Between you and me, I'd much rather enjoy a slice of apple pie or Entenmann's chocolate cake, but a gift's a gift, and I'd have to be made out of digestive stone (which I'm not) to be able to resist Yummy's Peanut Butter Cup, Black Forest, Chocolate Ganache, Strawberry Cream, Divine Divinity, and Fluffernutter flavors - six incredibly scrumptious reasons to celebrate an anniversary, special occasion, commercial holiday, or very merry unbirthday, in top hat and cupcake style!Share and eat them all at once, or have that shrieking cupcake fight you've always wanted to have, because these babies won't keep well over time (what preservative free, fresh baked goodies do?). We all know cupcake calories don't count* anyway, so go ahead and let your sugar freak flags fly! A quick note to the married, common law, and using-my-parents'-or-best-friend's-credit-card yelpers only: make sure you hit the ATMs first so that you can impress your loved ones without leaving behind a very sobering transaction trail to find later on, e.g. "Those cupcakes cost HOW MUCH?!"* They actually do.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,5/11/2013,797,1031,7,11,9>Solid neighborhood spot in Torrance for some legit Japanese.  One reason that I like Sushi Anza a lot is that it is actually a Japanese-owned establishment!The usual here for me is the chirashi bowl.  It's decently sized in terms of portion and priced right with a good variety of items.  There's the usual like sweet shrimp and yellowtail, but there's also uni!  Tough to find a place with uni for the price at Sushi Anza.  Generally the quality is quite good.  The fish is previously-frozen (like most places), but not to the point that the flavor's lost.There's also izakaya-type dishes, although a bit more expensive compared to other places.  A fried soft shell crab will run close to $9, even though it's one of my favorite here!There's also sushi rolls, as well as a happy hour.  During happy hour, which runs from 5:30pm to 7pm, some appetizer items like gyoza and edamame are under $3, while hand rolls are a little over $2.  Of course, beer is included in the happy hour as well! Oh and another reason why I like Sushi Anza?  Because it is Japanese-owned, they don't charge for hot tea :]
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,5/10/2013,552,135,14,14,10>BEST Chinese food in the South Bay (trust me I've tired them all...from the restaurants to the fast foods)... "The Wok Experience" is bomies!  Exceptionally great prices! Delicious food, mouth watering RIGHT NOW, just thinking about it.  I should already be a Dutchess, too bad my Kyocera is always dying.Try the chow mien and shrimp friend rice.  Ship kung pao is also super yummy.Good egg rolls and wontons are okay as well.  My friend is especially fond of the lemon-pepper chicken wings (trust me, she's picky when it comes to wings, specially at a Chinese fast food joint.)"Pre approved food, foe show!  Now grab yo self a dish fool!"
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/9/2013,143,186,9,8,7>My 100th review! I had to light a candle and pick someplace special to review.HOT's Kitchen gets it and they deserve it! Great beer selection and tasty food. It's a little pricey but look at where you are. This isn't cheap real estate people.I had THE Burger and it was delicious! I've had foie gras before but never on a burger. Come early or call ahead to make sure they have the foie gras, they run out from time to time.Nothing but respect to the owners of this place for standing up to the idiots at PETA (who sued this restaurant) and keeping foie gras alive in California. The foie gras is a complimentary gift if you purchase the burger. The law forbids the sale of foie gras. The irony is, now that it's illegal everybody wants to try it. Cheers to you for that PETA!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/8/2013,360,425,10,10,11>Came here with a huge group and we kinda slammed the sushi chefs!  I will say that the staff was friendly, the drinks were refilled often and I left FULL (and happy).  The Boat had a variety of dishes- appetizers, salads, hand rolls and sushi rolls.  They have a TON of rolls with a variety of ingredients, so if you are into fusion rolls, this is for you!  They also have all-you-can eat sushi and huge bento boxes.I had unsweetened ice tea (quite a few glasses actually) and started off with  albacore tataki which was an appetizer with slices of albacore on top of a green salad.  It was topped with a sweet/spicy dressing.  I am not gonna lie, I ordered too many rolls and everyone around me ordered plates full. I can't recall all the names! Nor can I find a menu to jog my memory.  I know I had the candy roll (Shrimp tempura and avocado with spicy crabmeat on top), salmon skin rolls,  caterpillar (unagi and avocado), and then I ate off other people's plates. LOL. Thanks for sharing sushi with me- everyone at my table!Oh yeah they have Happy Hour, too. $2 sake shots and $3 sake bombs!   =)    Antho L, Michael P and I had to drink something while waiting for all our sushi orders.   All in all, a great fusion sushi place with a variety of sushi for everyone's taste.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,5/7/2013,590,369,16,18,13>It's been three years since I last reviewed this place, and it's still as good as it was then.  Seriously, if you live in Long Beach and you haven't tried this place, then BOOKMARK it and go, because you really are missing out.  It's one of the best known secrets of Long Beach.  Tucked away in a tiny little corner, it's really easy to miss.  Look harder, you'll find it.I mainly like their fish here.  The serve the biggest servings of fish I've seen from a fish & chips place.  It's also juicy and flavorful.  Maybe it's the batter, because their onion rings, mushrooms, and zucchini are good here as well.  Still feel the same about the fries though, still don't love them.A few warnings before you go:1. Cash only.  You'd figure by now, everyone should be taking credit card.  But if they've been open this long not accepting credit card, I guess it's working for them (and saving them money in the long run too).2. The area isn't great.  For those who've written reviews and complained about the area or the people who stand outside, I'd like to say to them, "WELCOME TO LONG BEACH!"  haha.  But honestly, suck it up, it isn't that bad.3. There's a bit of a wait.  If you get there and barely anybody is there, CONGRATULATIONS! You're wait time won't be too long.  Long line, and well ... hope you brought a book to read.Despite all that, I stand by my review of 4 stars.  It's a little hole in the wall establishment that I put my endorsement, my stamp of approval on.  So go.  Give them the business they deserve.  Because if my favorite place to get fried fish on Fridays during Lent closes, I blame all you Yelpers!!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/6/2013,635,744,6,19,10>I can't rave about this clinic enough! I wish I had found it years ago!I'm a contractor without health insurance. I got a nasty, nasty insect bite on my left knee, which didn't go away for weeks. I was being stubborn, thinking it would go away on its own, and resorted to texting photos of it to my MD friends to get a diagnosis. They all told me to see a doctor in person. When I began to have trouble walking, and called a friend to cancel snowboarding because I couldn't leave my bed without being in intense pain, he demanded that he take me to a clinic. A good friend recommended this one. Here's the lowdown:- They don't take insurance. They do take credit. If you do have insurance, you can try to get reimbursed.... one patient was reimbursed $45 for her $65 visit.... Not bad!- All visits are $65 flat, no income verification needed. With the meds, shot, and visit, my total was $170 out the door. I've been back 3 times for follow ups, and I'm not charged for them. The doctors just want to make sure I'm healing properly.- ALL of the doctors and techs are the friendliest, most caring people I've ever met. I never feel rushed or dismissed, and they always take the time to explain everything to me in great detail. They're always willing to work with you to get the care that you need, too. When I hesitated at the price of Vicodin, the doctor found a pre-opened bottle and gave me a few tablets to get through the day. I've seen two doctors, both of whom are excellent doctors and just friendly, nice men who are easy to talk to. -The doctors communicate with each other frequently. The second dr. I saw already knew all of the details about my injury and how I was being treated, before I came in and met him. - Open Saturdays, Sundays, and evenings until 10PM!- Nice, clean facility with friendly receptionists. I've never had to wait longer than 10 minutes to be seen- All prescriptions can be filled in-house, making this a one-stop shop. Meds are cheaper here, too. The care I received here was infinitely better than any primary care provider or specialist I've seen back when I had insurance. I wish more people knew it existed. I would have just gone to the ER, which would have been MUCH more expensive and with nowhere near the personal attention given here, I'm sure. This is a wonderful option for people without insurance, or who need after-hours or weekend care. I'd recommend it to anyone. Thank you, Teresa C!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,5/5/2013,1606,481,13,14,14>This place is not bad. It does give you a steal of a deal in the A.M. The breakfast burrito is a REALLY GOOD DEAL $4 even gives you a hearty burrito with a soda. The Horchata here is bomb-ass. Home MADE. If there is one complaint I have it's the potatoes in the burrito aren't cooked to a brown. Other than that I would come back here anytime for the sheer value. I also checked in and got a chicken TACO! FREE! Yelp Rocks.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,5/4/2013,1137,317,12,16,15>The Library Alehouse is a great beer & burger joint. It's rusty, modern, and manly all at the time time, which makes it kind of sexy in my books! I came here on a relatively quite Saturday night. The energy was subdued when we first arrived, but it quickly picked up.I had the Hell's Burger per the recommendation of fellow Yelpers. Holy moley, I wasn't expecting it to be THAT spicy! Loaded with jalapenos, a spicy aioli , and a thick slab of meat! It was delicious, but a little unbearable at times. I think I'm going to try to Alehouse burger next time.Overall, a good dining experience. Good food. Good energy. Good beer.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/3/2013,474,445,7,11,8>Well, Roberto, you have finally done it...This place is humming along, you've got yourself a more customary Italian eatery name and the buzz is beginning to build. Most of all Roberto, it is obvious from everyone that interacts with you that you are living your dream and there is nothing more satisfying than that.I know, I know, we came in on a First Friday with 6 adults and 5 kids at the peak of dinner. Roberto and his staff did everything they could to accommodate us and while the seating was tight, it was also perfectly acceptable given the circumstances.The food continues to get better, each time we come. There home made pasta is the perfect vehicle for the complex sauces of herbs and spices. And, our table enjoyed the never ending bread basket.Your house chianti is one of the better ones I have had.Maybe next time we will leave the rug rats and come for an adult dinner?
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,5/2/2013,209,142,9,11,11>For yakitori and kushiyaki, Sakura House is a great westside Japanese restaurant. The meats are a little overpriced, but I'm glad I don't have to drive 30 minutes when I really want to eat meat on a stick.My favorites are the rib eye beef with spinach & shiso, chicken wasabi, oyster mushroom maki, and shrimp maki. Adding bacon to anything makes it better so get the maki if you aren't sure. It's not on the menu, but I like the grilled corn, too. For 2 people, it is about $60 without drinks.The parking lot is small and busy with 4-5 restaurants sharing the same spaces. For a small local place, the service is a little slow and very calm. I'm used to happier service at most yakitori places. I'll still go back when I want Japanese yakitori west of the 405.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,5/1/2013,1939,571,13,14,15>Ohhhhh... food coma kicking in...But I know I must write this now, while the impressions are still fresh.  Tapenade showed us Yelpers an awesome time tonight.  I'm so glad I made the cut at the last minute.  Tapenade is a relatively new "modern" Mediterranean restaurant on the first floor of the Olympic Collection.  The decor is pretty, with a central bar area and a small patio out front.  All the staff worked their butts off tonight, and my table was especially happy with our server, Eric, for his attentive service and friendly attitude.We had so many dishes that I'm going to focus on the standouts of the night:-Crispy Brussels Sprouts: these little veggies are so trendy right now, yet I'd say I've found about a 50/50 success rate with them so far.  Tapenade does them right!  They make the individual leaves nice and crispy, and cook them in red wine vinegar with capers and sliced almonds.  Very flavorful.-Hen of the Wood Mushrooms in a creamy polenta with truffle oil: this was a very decadent and tasty dish.  The mushrooms were perfectly cooked, and the polenta had just the right amount of truffle flavor.  We liked the shaved parmesan on top and I also detected the slightest hint of citrus.-Tuna Tartare and Sashimi: the sliced tuna was a pretty, perfect red on top, and the tuna and avocado tartare with the wonton crisp was balanced and well-seasoned with a ginger-orange dressing.-Braised Pork Belly: OMG.  Why did this have to come so late in the meal?!?  It was a stunning piece of pork belly, bigger than my fist, and served with "muhammara": a hot, red pepper dip (according to Wikipedia).  I didn't eat much of the muhammara but that pork belly was so rich and fatty, I ate a slice and then my table was nice enough to let me take the rest home.  Oh, I have plans for you, my pretty...I almost forgot- I loved the salts on the tables! There were pots of 2 kinds of sea salt; one was infused with cognac, and the other was infused with burgundy wine.  Delicious!I know everyone else will describe the rest of the menu and I have pictures as well.  Tapenade spoiled us so much that we went way over time and so we finally had to call it quits.  Before we left, Brittany introduced Chef Ressul to us and we learned a bit about his extensive culinary background.  He, and all the staff at Tapenade, did an excellent job tonight.  Thank you Brittany, Nicole, and Yelp for this great event, and I hope to return to Tapenade to try that lamb agnolotti another time!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,4/30/2013,591,938,19,23,22>Ever eaten at a place that the food was so good to your surprised?Have you ever drank so much water after that meal and water never tasted that sweet and refreshing? Have you ever had food coma so bad after a meal all u want is water and a bed you can lay down and take a nap in???Uh ha...  This place is one of them!! Korean Vermicelli was my favorite. Japacheyelp.com/biz_photos/kau-…The Chicken and beef bowl was delicious. Meat is tender and not hard at all. The Terriyaki sauce was perfect.  The sweetness was perfect.My friend had the Korean  Bibimbap (rice dish of steamed rice and precooked vegetables spinach, bean sprouts, carrots, mushrooms, egg and lettuce). She said it was light, healthy and delicious. Surprisingly their food is pretty good! (Probably thanks to the MSG.)Located inside of Marukai Market in the food court. For fast, cheap and decent food, you got to try it!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/29/2013,2371,1713,43,54,49>Kotohira is a small town in tiny Kagawa prefecture on the Japanese island of Shikoku. Why is that important? Because Kagawa (formerly called Sanuki) is the mecca of udon noodles in Japan. It is literally the birthplace of Sanuki Udon. There are more udon restaurants and 10 times the udon eaten in Kagawa than any other place in the entire country. So, coming to a restaurant named Kotohira and not getting the udon would be like going to Carnivale and not getting drunk.A bowl of hot Tanuki Udon topped with pieces of Tempura Batter is probably the most common (and popular) udon choice for Americans. Another favorite is its hot pot cousin Nabeyaki Udon loaded with Tempura Shrimp, Mushrooms, and Vegetables. Both can be found at Kotohira Restaurant and were recommended by the waiter, but Olivia Z. and I went with udon that matched our moods.She opted for the iced Hiyashi Udon served with Soy and Onions Dipping Sauce on the side. The noodles are served cold and plain with just ice to keep them chilled, however, the wheat flour noodles were soft and supple without being overcooked. It's a refreshing and simple way to eat udon.The House Specialty soupless Shoyu Udon was an easy choice for me. The udon noodles are served dry in a bowl with Tempura bits, Bonito (Katsuobushi), Green Onions, and Ginger. A small bit (to taste) of Kotohira's blended Shoyu (Soy Sauce) is added to the bowl as you mix the ingredients together. Despite being "dry" the noodles were anything, but that. It's no surprise this is a house specialty. It's good if you are wanting something other than Tanuki Udon. It came with a side of fresh Tempura Vegetables that were light with just the right crunch.The decor of Kotohira is classic Japanese wood booths and relics. They aren't kept in the cleanest or best of conditions, but I guess it feeds into the antique Japanese vibe. Our servers were friendly, but more exciting for me was hearing many Japanese language conversations in booths around us. It brought back some fond memories of my time spent living in Japan ... well, that and those yummy udon noodles.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/28/2013,235,206,18,23,22>Change is good!This place is a trip! The menu is ridiculously creative. This place has "I got the munchies" written all over it! For starters meatloaf burger, really? French toast stuffed with orange vanilla & topped with fresh fat strawberries & whip cream; no need for zyzuurp it's perfect as is! My Beb & I shared the chili cheese fries which were phenomenal, too bad we got full so fast there is still many things on the menu we want to try. Their portions are extremely generous, options abundant, and prices are $ish... There is one downfall, this locale is pretty small and highly in demand so there is often a wait. I say it's totally worth it. If you take something from this review is that you should come here if you are looking for yummy, creative, and filling food!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,4/27/2013,1437,1829,14,19,19>I have to thank Michael F for telling me about this secret spot on the Westside for good Chinese food. I went last week and have already been back... that's TWICE in one week.  I've ordered the honey walnut shrimp here... it's good but there's some kind of grittiness to it.The Fried rice both times were good, and the Moo Goo Gai Pan was pretty good.  The hunan chicken was okay.I like this place, and will definitely come back when the mood for Chinese food hits me.Parking: They have a pretty big parking lot.. but it may be hard to find Mandarin Dish.  It's located in the same shopping plaza as Marshall's.    Also they have cheap lunch specials from 11am - 5pm starting at $5.31 and going up to $5.99!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,4/26/2013,1821,475,14,16,13>They got a damn good grill man working the que and that yuzu sauce definitely dropped my panties to the floor.  Now throw in all you can eat cabbage and some exotic grilled meats n veggies and you have yourself a nice little protein style orgy that is sure to elicit at least a half chub if not a full on food boner!My favorites of the night included the special chicken skin, green onion chicken thigh, pork belly, beef tongue, and my all time fave fatty chicken butt.  The meatballs, and chateaubriand steak also worth mentioning, as well as the squid but didn't sing to me.  I would also suggest getting some of the grilled peppers to mix things up a bit.Its a tad loud in there, but that's just how they roll so be prepared for some screaming and yelling and lots and lots of toasting.  You should also be warned that this stuff isn't cheap, at least not bang for you buck cheap, especially if you're hungry.  Roughly $30-$40 bucks a person, but well worth it in my opinion.Last but no least, make sure to come early because this place gets packed and its not very big, plus people tend to linger and drink and eat and drink and eat and drink and eat and the cycle never ends.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,4/25/2013,2650,519,28,27,19>Had dinner with my ex, Dominic here. It was nice catching up with him. Dude bought a mansion in Palos Verdes....guess he's doing quite well without me lol. He's Italian and I wanted to impress him of my new find:  Locanda Positano.Once again this place did not disappoint. We started off with a glass of Pinot Noir and here's what we ordered:-Insalata Mista (mixed green organic salad with walnuts and gorgonzola)-Burrata Caprese (fresh burrata with heirloom tomatoes)-Rigatoni Bolognese (special of the day menu)-Taglitelle with Truffles (special of the day menu)He had the Insalta Mista and Rigatoni....I had a few bites of those and it was delicious!  I might have to order the Rigatoni again my next visit. I LOVED, LOVED the Burrata Caprese....the burrata is so fresh and creamy!  I couldn't help eating it and almost finished the entire thing even before my main dish got there. The Taglitelle was light because it was freshly made. There's nothing like fresh made pastas! And this dish was loaded with mounds of truffles! I was fairly surprised by how full cause it was a relatively small plate. So I had to take the rest home...which was delicious even the next day. We ended our meal with a bowl of gelato. Perfecto!Dominic was super impressed and that's coming from an Italian. I know he's definitely coming back here.If you are all about fresh, authentic real Italian in the Marina Del Rey area....this is it.  The dishes are on the small side which I think is perfect and the right way to eat.  We are so accustomed to eating super size anything. But if you're all about big portions, I suggest you go to Bucca Di Beppo.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,4/24/2013,719,388,17,22,19>I'm torn... I want more for the cash, but the sandwich is SO DAMN GOOD. Gimme a pickle... Shit... Something! But the sandwiches, oh the sandwiches; they are truly among the king of sandwiches.When it comes to sandwiches, I'm a stickler. Veg, meat, bread, cheese, condiments... It all has to be in line and functioning highly, on all levels. Here, at Mendo-Farms, it doesn't just work, it EXCELS. *** BLUE PLATE SPECIALS. Any item on the menu with a little plate next to it means you can get a half-sandwich plus a side salad or side of soup for a fixed price. Good deal for the cash. ((They may have changed this since I was last there, a couple months back, but I dunno))It doesn't matter what you order, you will be satisfied. While you wait in line for your delightful treat, you are allowed to sample any of the soups or salads they have. They enthusiastically encourage you to do so... And I believe in this, firmly. Giving out free samples is a good way to satisfy and inform customers. Bonus points. And it is THIS service they provide that bumps it from 3-stars to 4-stars. Without the side-samples and the awesome service, I'd have no choice but to give 'em 3-stars simply because of their prices. Too steep for The Cheap. No doubt, they make some of the best sandwiches around; but the lack of a simple pickle or SOMETHING, makes it hard to justify $10 for a sandwich.I have SO many MendoFarms sandwiches to try, and no money with which to do it, but I'll be damned if I won't be saving that cushion cash to make my return. Mmmmm, saaaandwich. ::droooool::
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,4/23/2013,5000,856,14,15,13>My friend and I dig the Dollar Tree, it is always good for a laugh, to walk around and see what you discover/find & spruce up your home for the holidays on the cheap. Yesterday (09-20-2012) my friend and I visited the Dollar Tree to stock up on Halloween decorations and during our visit came across a few choice finds (pictures attached).This Dollar Tree is large, clean and the staff is very helpful & knowledgeable as to where particular items are located in the store. We loaded up LARGE glow in the dark skeletons, spiders, cobweb for the trees, fake tombstones, blowup cats & pumpkins, hanging skeletons, hanging ghosts and several others Halloween decorations. My girlfriend went a bit nuts shopping but still at checkout time it was only $34 bucks, any other store like Target it would of cost of $100. We will continue to visit the dollar tree for all of our holiday needs & decorations.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,4/21/2013,2568,1290,21,33,29>Burger #263: Year of the BurgersI've known of the Smashburger for a while, but didn't make time for it on my last Vegas trip. But low and behold, the city of sin burger shop found its way to LA and landed in my belly. Their menu is basic+. They do burgers, fries, and shakes, plus salads, fancy burgers and build your own. Since it was my first visit, I kept it simple with the All American Cheese Burger and an order of the Smash Fries, and the wife got the Fresh Mex Burger. I guess part of the shtick is to serve the burgers open-faced so that you can control a notch of your toppings, meh. yelp.com/biz_photos/smas…The burger? Surprisingly satisfying. The lightly toasted egg bun held its own against the single patty, and I think it would fare well against a double as well, and didn't get in the way of any other flavors. The raw red onions, pickles,  and bacon provided the only textural contrast, and I was glad they didn't add tomatoes and lettuce. The burger itself was nice and juicy and well-seasoned. The only thing that would have made the meat better would have been a hotter grill to add a nice crust. The American cheese added a nice fatty richness that was great for the first half of the burger, but by the last few bites I was feeling a little greased out. The wife's burger was meh; too much cilantro and not enough greasy cheese. The real loser though were the Smash Fries. They were so oily and greasy, they were almost inedible. Overall though, I'm a fan for now. I'll probably go back at least a couple more times to round out the menu. At $6 for a single and $7 for a double, it's a hefty price to pay but better than Five Guys in my opinion.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,4/20/2013,1441,859,35,40,40>FIVE STARS for Ono Hawaiian BBQ!!!!  (Yes, my Yelper community and friends!  It's true!  FIVE stars!).A few months ago, I purchased a couple of $20 gift certificates (for $10) from Groupon.  This weekend, I decided to use them.  I initially dragged myself into Ono (In Hawaiian, means "Delicious") Hawaiian BBQ in Culver City.  I thought this was going to be another cheap knockoff Haole (Westernized) of the Hawaiian Plate Lunch.  It was cheap, I was ready to try....TURN THAT FROWN UPSIDE DOWN!!!  The food was GOOD, just like home in Honolulu!The first dish was the Hawaiian BBQ Mixed Plate:  One piece of Korean Kal Bi, two thighs of chicken teriyaki, and a nice serving of beef teriyaki meat.   The food was ONO!  The beef teriyaki (like bulgolgi) tasted just like it was made home in Hawaii.  Tender and full of flavor.  The chicken teriyaki also tasted like it was from Hawaii - tender and super yummy.  The Korean Kal Bi was good.  They used the same marinade across all three meats.  It comes with 1.5 scoops of rice, and a scoop of macaroni salad. What put this dish to a 5 star rating was that the food was home cooked just like in Hawaii, AND the macaroni salad was DELICIOUS and AUTHENTIC.  I normally *hate* macaroni salad because almost everyone tries to make it and it tastes like goopy mayonaise.  But Ono Hawaiian BBQ macaroni salad taste just like Zippy's Mac salad (a popular restaurant in Hawaii).    I actually ate the entire serving of macaroni salad!  The second dish that I shared was the chicken katsu.  I again have to say WOW!!  The chicken thigh was breaded with a Japanese panko breading and deep fried.  The serving was 2-3 chicken thighs, sliced into 3/4"-1" slices.  Well made!!!  Tasted just like it was made in Hawaii.My *only* minor complaint about the food was that the katsu sauce was *NOT* good.  It tasted just like a Westernized version of a Panda Express dipping sauce.   But, heck, the chicken katsu was so well made, it made up for the junky sauce.Food Grade: A!Service Grade:  A-  (Front Desk Guy Ruben was cool!).Worth the Money:  A!Overall Impression:  A-.**  Note:  Orders take quite a while to be prepared, so be ready to wait a while.  Hang out the Hawaiian style and just take it easy!   Mahalos!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,4/19/2013,521,286,24,20,22>Chess does not capture the public's attention like it used to.  Instead everyone plays Poker. Probably because poker enables amateurs to dream of being on TV and getting rich quick by playing a game the complexities of which can be readily explained by a TV personality: "Oh look he has a possible straight."  The people who run the chess industry, or Big Chess (ha!), need our help to reinvigorate the game. Absent another child prodigy like Bobby Fisher, or chess tournaments with Ring Card girls between the opening and middle game,  I shall continue to visit the International Chess Park and give companionship, encouragement, and (regrettably) victories to those who play me.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/18/2013,634,287,12,14,15>Yep once again Brittany B.did what she do best in hosting a perfect event the Yelp Lunch Break that was awesome! and right by her side was Nicole A. The staff were very nice and friendly,the place is small by cozy with some parts  of the walls inside done in bricks,there are 4 flat screen TVs on the wall,there is also a veiw where you can see then preparing your food,there were about 5 to 6 different pizza,one of the pizza I had I belived it was the Surfer..chicken breast,Thai peanut sauce,caramelized onions and bacon,one word mouth watering wanting more,salad,sandwiches and the wings were so tasty, tiny rolls, cheese sticks,chocolate cake and cheese cake was dessert.The staff brought your drinks to your table,the owner got up and thank us for coming and gave a brief history about the place and the second location in Manhattan Beach,and last there is free parking in the back of the building .
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,4/17/2013,791,331,20,26,21>Purchased the $20 for $12 which covered lunch nicely. Great Yelp deal because it can be used for any purchase, buffet, dine in or to go. Nice to not have strings attached. The person working the counter could not have been nicer and our foodwas ready on time and as ordered.  She suggested the vegetable rice as a side and it was a great choice.  The buffet options looked quite good but I just scooped up my to go order which was waiting, nicely packaged and piping hot even after a 15 minute drive. Worthy of praise was the chicken Tikka Masala. Loads of chuck white chicken breastin a savory, slightly spicy Masala sauce. Nice amounts of cumin and not overly buttery or creamy. Great dipping for that side of naan bread! All in all a very pleasant and satisfying meal at a super price.  The adjacent parking structure was easy to navigate as well as street parking on Ventura Blvd is really non-existent in front of the location. I am looking forward to going back and trying some other Indian goodies.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,4/16/2013,1682,713,25,39,29>I don't know if it's because I've been on a strict diet for the last two months and eating mostly salad and having a minimum of rich and flavorful foods but everything I had here tonight was really, really tantalizing to my taste buds.I came to grab a bite with buddy Yelper Roland L. to catch up on things and I partly chose this restaurant because I had a birthday coupon as well as the fact that I've read some good reviews on Yelp and have been really curious to try it.First of all, Roland spied the only table that has a sign saying "Free Monkey Bread" which is tucked away in the farthest corner of the restaurant.  If you sit at this table, you are given a complimentary order of the Truxton Monkey Bread which is "house-made bread rolled in cheddar and garlic butter".  So good!  You tear it apart with your hands and the inside is so fluffy and satisfyingly tasty.   I'm convinced everyone has to order this if you dine here. yelp.com/user_local_phot…yelp.com/user_local_phot…Next, we ordered the Arugula & Artichoke Salad made of fresh arugula, slices of artichoke hearts and accented with shaved parmesan cheese while bathed in a lemon white truffle vinaigrette.  Man, this was good!  Again, I will order this next time I come back as it is a must!  The combination of the parmesan and the vinaigrette really made this salad.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…For entrees, we selected the Original 11 Spice Brisket made of Beef Brisket that is said to be hand-rubbed daily with Truxton's special blend of 11 Spices.  Apparently it is marinated and slow roasted for seven hours. It is usually served with red skin smashed potatoes and horseradish coleslaw.  I asked to replace the smashed spuds with veggies and our waiter, Sam, suggested the sauteed Fava leaves which is slightly similar to spinach but of a firmer consistency.  I enjoyed this along with the horseradish coleslaw.  I was expecting a bit more of a bite but the horseradish zing was ever so slight. yelp.com/biz_photos/trux…For our second entree, we ordered the Cambozola & Poached Pear pizza.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…Cambozola is a cow's milk cheese that is a combination of a French soft-ripened triple cream cheese and Italian Gorgonzola.  The pizza is made with Cambozola garlic cream sauce, sprinkled with smoked bacon which was almost like a thicker prosciutto ham.  The cheese was a Mozzarella blend and it was graced with poached pears as well as baby arugula and covered with a balsamic glaze.  We decided to select the gluten-free thin crust.  I really enjoyed the combination of flavors of this pizza dish but I probably would go with the regular or wheat crust next time as the gluten-free seemed a little too dense for my liking.  However, this pizza is delicious and again, a must if you're in the mood for pizza or just looking for something good here.Finally, for dessert, I decided on the Brownie Sundae.  yelp.com/biz_photos/trux…  The picture says it all, the brownie was freshly baked and still warm and so, so good with the ice cream, chocolate syrup, bits of shaved white chocolate, caramelized pecans and whipped cream.  Wow!!  I think I'm still on a sugar rush now even as I write this review.  Along with a cup of coffee, this was such a sweet end to a fabulously enjoyable meal.The ambiance is lively but not overly so.  They have a full bar and there's even a room where you can have a Private Dining Party which is something to consider for the future.I don't think it was because of my rich food starved taste buds that I thought everything tasted great but simply the fact that everything did.  I really enjoyed myself here and would venture to say that this is now probably one of my top favorite restaurants.  I look forward to visiting to try their breakfast fare soon.  Thanks to Sam our waiter who really served us well and had a great outgoing and friendly personality.  I can't wait to come back again to try some of the other offerings on the menu.  Thanks Truxton for such a splendid culinary experience!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,4/15/2013,750,550,70,48,46>Living in la is exhausting...People expect you to look a certain way...(and by people I mean potential hubbies)You have to have a body of a greek god, you literally don't stop running til you find a husband, and the body hair is kept to little patches just in specific areas or none at all.  This is where BHRC comes into play....When it comes to body maintenance, BHRC is the HBIC okay? (head bitch in charge...for you slow peeps)The office really sets the tone for the entire experience.  It is serene, and pretty, and the staff are all really welcoming.I was a little nervioso about the pain cause I'm such a pussy for pain, but they reassured me and even gave me the option of numbing cream which I gladly accepted.  I came to get my crotch "beard" zapped away, and I knew it would be a bit awkward, especially the positions.  But they made me feel as comfortable as the situation can allow.  (someone is staring at my crotch all glossed out zapping me with a laser...obviously its not for the feign of heart)I'm glad I found this place, it was so conveniently located near the freeway.  The pain wasn't as bad as I built up in my head, and I'm glad I dealt with the crotch beard cause I'm getting sick of shaving and the itching that I got 24 hours later.  Yay!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,4/14/2013,147,177,12,17,12>So I started of the new year with a bang. Ha haa.. okay, no more of that.Anyway, ever since I got to know Officer R., he has promised to take me shooting. Almost three years later, I was still waiting... Luck was on my side though when we were playing the "what are we going to do today" game and he pretty much left it in my hands. After memorizing every word of the safety rules and repeating it five or six times, we were off.We walked in and threw our names on the waiting list, which was pretty long. Who knew Sunday funday meant shooting for so many people? There was more than enough to do while waiting though. T.V., look at guns, and of course watch other people as there is a huge window between the waiting and shooting area. I don't really have much for a basis of comparison, but I think the price was reasonable- $16 for the lane plus $8 for an extra person. A couple of bucks for extra targets as the $$ included one per person already. You could move the targets up and down the lane for different distances, and they attached with binder clips. Per our favorite officer, they used to use rubber bands which took forever, so this is a move in the right direction. The only negative part was a couple of idiots in the stall next to me. I realize the workers were super busy on this particular day, but we're talking about a guy who was grabbing his girlfriend in the stall who was trying to get away because she was scared while he shot his gun... or how he posed with his gun, pointing at the stall next to his with his finger on the trigger... The ridiculous behavior was non-stop, so it surprised me no one noticed and gave them a warning. If they hadn't left when they did, I was definitely going to let someone know.I have been promised more lessons, so I will definitely be back!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/13/2013,397,466,7,11,10>GOOD BURGERS!! Never ever would have thought to order a burger from here had it not been for the countless tips on yelp when I checked in.. This is one of the coolest dives in Venice IMO! It's got personality, a ton of beers, 4 pool tables, rockin' tunes, and really chill bartenders. Not to mention the solid burgers... BUT, if you're looking for cocktails and shots, look elsewhere, beer & wine only here folks!So, what makes them "sooooooo good?" Good question!! It's a simple enough burger. No fancy brioche or truffle oil or grass-fed kobe beef, nah, just a perfectly seasoned patty, cheddar (or swiss) cheese, crispy bacon (the key), shredded lettuce, tomato, onions (not for me, thank you), mayo, ketchup, and a touch of mustard all on a lightly toasted soft sesame seed bun. Yum!! I honestly like it better than Father's Office! It's a no frills master piece IMHO. It's that crispy bacon, it makes all the difference!! Don't take my word for it though, try it for yourself. You might love it, you might hate it! Chances are you're at least going to like it. ON TAP: Stone IPA, Guinness, Pyramid Hefe, Fat Tire, ....BOTTLE: Lagunitas IPA, PBR, Red Stripe, Arrogant Bastard, ....By the way, CASH ONLY! CASH ONLY! CASH ONLY!! CASH ONLY!!!! CASH ONLY!!! CAAAASSSHHHHHH OOONNNNLLLLYYYYYYYYYY!!!!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,4/12/2013,289,275,10,13,10>I got an orchid plant from Pac 8 Orchids as a gift which was in a clear plastic pot that was placed in a black lacquer type box with a light green moss covered tree branch and surface.  Very beautiful and distinctive type of arrangement mimicking a rain forest. yelp.com/biz_photos/pac-…Nearly killed the orchid, but I brought it here to get advice on how to revive it (don't over water) and also got a replacement for $10.99 that was in partial bloom.They'll give you instructions on paper if you can't remember what they tell you -- be sure to follow them.The folks here are very efficient, do beautiful arrangement work and know their stuff!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,4/11/2013,444,178,7,13,9>The Ronald Reagan Library graciously hosted our holiday party this year. To call it exceptional is an understatement.Upon arrival we were greeted by acrobats/circus performers (Cirque Du Soleil style); indicators of the magical night to come. We then walked into the library and our sight fell upon the main attraction-Air Force One. I have a deep love of airplanes, so this was a particularly special treat. We presented our passports to the lovely stewardesses and were set & ready to 'board'. We descended upon a winter wonderland, complete with said acrobats/circus performers, a live band, DJ, game booths, open bars and amazing food. Wow. A sight to behold.After enjoying a delectable meal we got to tour Air Force One and it was an experience I will certainly never forget. You must experience it for yourself; I highly recommend it. It was certainly one of the highlights of the evening.We then proceeded to get our boogie on and well, the rest is history. A most classy and memorable evening. Thank you Reagan Library for hosting our event in such an outstanding fashion!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,4/10/2013,384,538,10,19,16>I moved into a renovated unit that is managed by The Robin Group. My unit has a brand new washer and dryer and new appliances. My dryer wasn't working when I first moved in and they gave me a rent credit for the time it wasn't working. I think they're pretty reasonable landlords if you just talk to them. They're a big management company, but they still make an effort to call you back to schedule maintenance. I previously lived in an apartment that was managed by Miller and Desatnik and I would never be able to get ahold of a person and always had to leave a voicemail for maintenance. And then it would takes week for them to fix something. So would I recommend them to other people? Probably.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/9/2013,515,653,6,9,9>My favorites here were the pancakes - crispy on the edges/outside and so soft on the inside.  Maple syrup was lightly sweet and fresh fruit on top, just added to the sweetness.  Second fave were the eggs benedict!  And the french toast was just as good as the pancakes, with very little egg and just a dash of cinnamon.  Also loved the bacon!  BAAAACON!!!!!!!!  Super helpful, friendly, and HAPPY staff/servers!  Cute little, cozy, cafe with tables and a counter.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,4/8/2013,330,1259,9,13,11>Went for a couple of their test runs before official opening at the store off Sawtelle (next to blockheads) and every time, it keeps getting better.  Tried everything on the menu from the sausages to the famed rice balls (a must, from 3rd season of Great food truck race on food network), the insane spicy rice cakes (dukkboki), and the poutine fries.The sausages weren't warm the first time I tasted it.  After working out the kinks and a few subsequent visits, I'm happy to say their buns are now warmed and it makes the whole package just perfect.  The rice balls, a hit on the TV show series, and a definite hit in my book.  The osaka rice balls are curry balls with a thin layer of panko and lightly fried.  Bomb dot com.  The kimchee fried rice balls were also amaze-balls (finally, a proper outlet to use the term). The spicy rice cakes, a regular korean staple, was out of this world.  Chef Chris was saying that he brines, bakes, and fries the fatty pork for a couple hours.  You can totally taste it too.  Perfectly cooked rice cake, perfectly cooked egg too.The fries were also a must.  They aren't the traditional cheese curd type of poutine, but their own rendition of the famous snack.  Ooey and gooey and you really can't stop after you start.Well done, Seoul sausage!  I'm a fan for life.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,4/7/2013,980,260,6,12,11>A sword without a sheath can be a powerful weapon. It can puncture, wound, and even kill its opponent.  But it also has the potential to harm someone it was not intended for if you're not careful in how you wield it; the sheath is the protection from mistakes, from carelessness, and from lack of skill. Only when discipline and balance are mastered, can the sheath can be removed.The Gracie Jiu-Jitsu Academy teaches you that jiu-jitsu is exactly the same. Your body is the weapon (the sword), the gi you wear is your sheath, and the (incredibly welcoming, humble, energetic, and professional) instructors are there to train and guide you in how to wield yourself in a productive and effective way for maximum results in real-life physical conflicts that can occur.So you might think, "That all sounds great, but the only gi I own is from when I was 6 years old and trying to emulate the Karate Kid." If you're worried about attire, fear not my friend! They provide you with a gi while you're there. There's also lockers, showers, and bathrooms. And I have to say, I was really impressed with the cleanliness of the place, considering how many people lather the floors in their sweat during each class (surprisingly, not smelly though).  But on a more serious note, training with the Gracie family will change your life, your body, your attitude, and your mind. I had the great privilege of training with Rener & Alex during my first Gracie Combatives class this past Saturday, and I was extremely moved by their instruction, the examples they gave, their role play of each move, and the energy they radiate into a room. Not only did everything make total sense, but the confidence in their knowledge of all the moves empowered me to feel confident in trying the moves, even though I had never done any of it before. When I got home, I practiced my new moves on a friend, and was relatively successful! Talk about a return on investment!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,4/6/2013,561,853,5,7,6>We're constantly searching for great Italian food, whether that be pizza.....or everything else.  I wouldn't consider myself a pizza guru, but I definitely can comment a thing or two on the rest of Italian fare.  We have had such trouble finding anything remotely good......and I have to say, we hit paydirt last night (Angel Cafe in Agoura Hills) and here, Pizza D'Amore, tonight.So we walk in here, a very modest dwelling, and while my husband and daughter ordered pizza, which is what they're known for, I checked out their entree menu, and then I saw it......my favorite Italian combo that NOT MANY Italian restaurants offer......an essentially chicken parm AND eggplant parm combo, together in one dish.  It is called Joe's Special here, and Joe, I gotta tell ya, it was WONNNNNNDERFUL.  I was in Italian heaven because (a) I haven't had this dish in years since Maria's Italian Kitchen and I had a parting of the ways (and they took it off their menu) and (b) nobody else thinks to combine these lovely ingredients.  YUMMMMMMM.  It was a super huge portion, seriously..... for 3 people easily.  It came with an equally large portion of spaghetti, and enough delicious marinara sauce to sink a battleship.....FANTASTIC.  It also came with some garlic knots, which are buttery, garlicky, soft balls of baked dough.  I'm in heaven, I'm telling you.  Prior to receiving this bounty of food, I was brought a wonderful salad of lettuce, sliced tomatoes, and a bunch of tiny little balls of mozzarella cheese.  The Italian dressing, which looks homemade, sits on the table for one to pour......it was perfect dressing.......lots of herbs and spices, not too much vinegar and the perfect amount of oil.  Even if it wasn't homemade, I don't care.....it tasted great on the salad, which was topped with one of their garlic knots.  Suffice it to say, by the time my entree arrived, I was already full.  I pretty much only took a few bites of my chicken/eggplant parm, but I guarantee you, I will be very excited to eat my dish for lunch.....probably 2 lunches.  GREAT, great stuff.As for the pizza ordered by hubby and daughter, they loved it.  I asked my husband what he thought of the pricing because many of the Yelpers seemed to complain of its higher price here, and he basically said that for better quality pizza, he thought it was quite reasonable.  Perfect thin crust, great sauce with lots of oregano, but not too much.  They loved it.I honestly don't know what all the negative hype is about (from other reviewers), but maybe the trick is eating in the restaurant.  I don't know.  We were ultra happy with what we got.....absolutely thrilled with it.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,4/5/2013,99,247,16,11,12>Caught GEE-OFF-REEZ for a Brunch one Saturday with my Moms and middle bro as we were headin' through PCH to Pepperdeez to pick up Lil' Bro at Baseball Camp.Now I done heard that this spot pulls in mad Mali-BU local celebs during weeknight dinners, but since we was in the area and spotted the sign peepin' out the bush on PCH, decided to Bust-a-U and make it happen...Beautiful day for some eggs & sh*t on a bright patio overlookin' the ocean, yes it was... I suggest you try this as well.Now the official brunch was about $47 bucks a pop which would come close to $200 for our group of 3 after tax/tip.... We deemed this an excessive Skrill drop at the time, so instead we opted for $20 breakfast & lunch entrees instead which were perfect. Left very satisfied & had an excellent time in a great atmosphere, service was 5 star as well and the wait wasn't bad at all.Def a top 3 Oceanside Malibu spot that u gotta try once or save for a special occassion. Mostly 100k+ cars in the valet area, so make sure u park street if you rollin' 7 deep in that '92 Toyota Previa... Or just say F*ck it and toss them your keys, cus the car u drive don't mean your cash ain't good... Ain't tryna hate, just givin' heads up for those that would care :D
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,4/4/2013,90,187,4,6,4>The real winner for me here were the lamb dishes (big surprise for this guy I know).  =-) The lamb karahi was served hot and fresh.  It had a very mild spice to it.  I was never asked how hot I wanted it but look at my picture...A friend of mine ordered the creamy yellow curry dish which was also served piping hot and fresh and also not too spicy.  The garlic naan was served warm and fresh.  Not too much garlic that it was over powering.  Rice cost extra here which is a little surprising considering every other Indian resturant usually includes it w/ the entree and it's included in the lunch buffet here.  Speaking of the lunch buffet.  It's AYCE for $9 which is a good value if you don't want something specific.  You also get plain naan for the table when you order the lunch buffet.  Drinks not included in buffet price though.  Iced tea is from the gun (not fresh brewed).Service was quick, attentive, and very patient w/ all our noobie questions.  No one was waiting TOO long for a refill.Parking is a disaster w/ a super steep driveway up to one of the smallest private lots I've ever been in.  You can barely turn your car around to get out.  We usually just park on the street or across the street in the residential areas.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,4/3/2013,224,589,5,6,6>I've driven by this place a zillion times and never stopped in, until yesterday.This place is great!  The key to everything is their killer home made tortillas, very tasty.  I went with 3 tacos; chicken, steak, and carnitas, ALL very good.The only negative about this place is that they don't serve any beer.  I've been to many similar style locations that have beer.  Anyway, I treated someone to lunch (lost a bet) and for 6 tacos and two drinks, the bill was a tad over $20.The location has plenty of parking.  I also like their wacky culture, depending on what you order they might sing a song regarding your menu preferences... you will get what I'm talking about when you go.  Lunch time seems to always be busy, the line and preparation of your food might take 15 minutes.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,4/2/2013,282,107,11,15,13>La Sandia is a "Mexican-INSPIRED" restaurant (very Americanized food).  It is situated on the third floor of Santa Monica Place next to Zengo.  Parking is ample at Santa Monica Place, but you can also Valet near the Nordstrom entrance and 2 hours is validated when dining at La Sandia. The ambiance of La Sandia is very nice, they have plenty of outdoor seating as well as indoor.  The happy hour/bar space is very limited to only 16 seats perhaps?  I have come here for dinner and another time for happy hour as well.  DINNER:"Limonada Fresca" need I say more?  By far the most refreshing alcoholic drink I have had.  I had dinner a second time here just for that.  The dinner menu includes many great options, and I truly enjoyed the Chicken Flautas.HAPPY HOUR:The Happy Hour Sampler is a MUST HAVE. Includes guacamole, wings, quesadillas, taquitos, and Mexican corn on the cob.  The wings and Mexican Corn on the Cob were mouthwatering. HIGHLY recommended, and only $11.  Tacos are 5 for $9 which is a great deal, and the chicken and Al Pastor ones were very tasty. The Limonada Fresca is not on the happy hour menu, but of course I ordered it anyway.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,4/1/2013,1259,140,7,8,8>Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**So I came here with my co-workers on a Thursday afternoon (shout out to my peeps) and was pleasantly surprised to see empty tables and chairs; normally the place is packed! Nonetheless, this was my second visit in this same exact location. The food is on the healthier side and the portions are very generous. The first time visitng, I ordered the Soul Bowl and the second time visiting I ordered the Rockin' Moroccan, both of which are very tasty! The highlight of the soul bowl has to be the fried and breaded chicken with a side of barbecue dip. mmm... !!CONCLUSION:If  you're in the area and looking for a healthier choice besides Tender Greens next door, I suggest coming here. Prices are reasonable, portions are generous, and plenty of seating! So I say, EAT IT!
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,3/31/2013,1716,487,7,12,11>A wayyyy better late-night option than your standard nearby diners like Norm's or Denny's. Why? Because of all the random crazy interesting choices on the menu (and beer)! Tons of vegan options (I dig the tofu scramble), delicious desserts like cupcakes and a myriad of milkshake options (the Peanut Butter Shake is THE BEST - hold the whipped cream), and lots of things you can order with substitutions so you can stay on your diet track. Things on my radar to someday try in the future: avocado toast (!!!) and the stuffed grilled cheese. Mmmmmmm.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/30/2013,834,665,6,12,7>Although our dealings with them were short, the service was outstanding.After totaling our car =(, we needed a rental for a short bit while the insurance was handling whatever it was they handle.  During that time, someone from Enterprise called us, stating that our insurance called them and set up a rental for us.  Pretty easy.We head over, fill out the tiniest bit of paperwork (no more than 7 minutes, honestly), chose a car, and were off.  Now this place isn't like car rental places I've been before; this isn't the 'near the airport' place with tons of cars.  It's in a strip mall near an Islands, a dry cleaning place, and a Pavilions.  I think the car selection is limited (and taking up valuable spaces in the parking lot), but when it's an insurance-type rental, it's not about exploring a new city in a flashy car; it's about being able to get home from work without bumming a ride off your friends!We received a few phone calls during our rental period, letting us know information about return dates, insurance updates, etc.  When our insurance officially totaled the car, we had three days to return the rental.  Katie, the lovely young lady with whom we had been working, let us know that if we needed the car longer, she could honor the insurance-rate for us.  Luckily we didn't need it, as we were starting a new lease and going to pick it up.Bottom line, during a rather stressful situation, everyone at Enterprise seemed to go out of their way to make things easier.  Thanks!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,3/29/2013,594,225,28,21,20>LOVE'S AGE-OLD QUESTION: Why do the guys you don't like blow up your phone while the one guy you do like blows you off?-----Meet Hipster Entrepreneur.  No wait...let's call him Entrepreneurial Hipster.  That way the acronym is "EH", which is how I'm feeling about him right now.  Other than being a hipster and an entrepreneur, EH is a Trojan and is really into concerts, fitness, food and his Discover Card...just like me.  We have so much in common that if I were reincarnated in boy form, I'd know exactly what I'd look like.So here's the situation - for our first date he took me to Golden State for tasty burgers and then to CoolHaus for hipster ice cream sammies.  Yum.  EH followed up the next day with a thoughtful text and we set plans for the upcoming week.  However, EH cancels on the day of and we set new plans.  **Now rinse and repeat the above sentence two more times.  Yes.  I said TWO.**I'm not going to lie.  EH had pretty legit reasons (ie. work, it's his bday week so ppl are throwing him surprise parties) and he did call to give a sincere apology.  It still sucks on the receiving end...and I just can't help, but to think that the situation could have been dealt with better.  After riding this roller coaster of emotions I picked up what was left of my self-respect and got a massage.  Swanya is where I go to feel like a princess on a dime.  The semi-private rooms are spacious, the atmosphere is calming and inviting, and the masseuses know what they're doing.  If you come before 1pm, $39 plus tip can get you a sweet girl who will step, elbow and contort all the knots out of your body and feelings of rejection out of your mind.  Nothing's more satisfying than paying someone to rub you down.  No wonder so many guys do it.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,3/28/2013,306,419,16,20,15>What do you get the athlete in your life? A massage. But not just any old massage, you get them a sports massage.God forbid you respond to repeated tales of soreness and injuries with, "maybe you should just stop running." I knew it was bad when I didn't even get a response, just a dirty, dirty look. I went to the trusty internets to try to find out if some sort of massage therapists specialized in treating these hard-headed fitness fiends. A click here and a click there and before you knew it I was checking out reviews for LA Sports Massage.I was a fan when I noticed their website mentioned they carried gift certificates and stopping by to pick up a few was super simple. It required a lot more detail than I'm used to, but if I remember correctly the gift recipient is entered into the system and isn't shit out of luck if they lose the certificate. Any place that makes my life easier and better (she really loved it) gets five stars in my book.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,3/27/2013,1712,1003,44,50,46>Double D lunch specials! D combo is awesome. Their fried chicken bites are so tasty. A bit lemony and the perfect amount of crispiness. Side salad with japo dressing was delicious. Two orders of D =no sharing. Their lunch specials are surprisingly filling. For $10, you can choose between dishes like their fried chicken. Kalbi stew (marinated melty yummy beef), chicken and veggies. Combos come with a bowl of rice and miso soup. They bring out a bowl of tsukemono and mentaiko! (Cod roe)! A whole bowl of it: I guess it's their thing, as I've never seen that served as a freebie before. They have a BBQ set up as well.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/26/2013,40,57,6,12,8>still loving it here, even more now.Josh has taken over my sessions in last couple of months and i cannot say enough good things, without looking like a kiss A$$...lol. I feel so much better, probably due to the fact that my waist line is 8 inches smaller and...17 pounds lighter... its more than that,i feel a life-style change, i am eating better, and having much more energy (needed to keep up with my super hyper 3 yr old.)Thank you Josh...-for letting me bring my daughter and warming up her cookie, she loves you forever NOW. lol....
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,3/25/2013,177,827,3,18,16>This is some of the best fast food chicken that I have ever had.  Chicken Maison is a mediterranean restaurant similar to Chicken Dijon (funnily enough, this space was formerly Chicken Dijon).  Chicken Maison have five locations around the South Bay.  The space that they have taken in Peninsula Center, next door to Dragonfly Thai, has been several different eateries over the last several years.The cafe is a decent size.  There are a fifteen or so tables inside, and there about twelve tables (for 2) outside.  The decor is typical for a casual fast food place - metal tables and chairs with no tables settings.  But, the restaurant is VERY clean.  You order at a counter and the food is delivered to your table by one of the staff people (using table numbers).  You can look into the kitchen in the back (behind the cash register/ordering counter).  The beverages are served from a soda machine in the back available to all customers (there are also beverage jugs with iced tea, lemonade and water).The very friendly staff is waiting at the cash registers for guests to arrive, and they immediately greeted us when we came in.  They were great about answering questions, and the food was delivered quickly to our table.I had the Lemon Ginger Chicken.  It was a quarter of a chicken (I specified white meat, and I received one breast on the bone from a normal sized chicken rather than a hormone infused chicken with unnaturally large breasts) with a crispy skin that was covered in a lemon jus and chopped greens onions and ginger.  Not only was the chicken incredibly moist and light, but the topping and sauce were flavor packed and not overly salty.  It was a delicious citrus, onion, ginger combination (and, this is definitely savory - no sweetness, which I appreciate).  I had the greek coleslaw and green salad alongside my chicken.  The green salad is a basic mixture of chopped romaine tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette and topped with chopped tomato.  Simple and tasty.  The coleslaw is shredded green and red cabbage and grated carrots tossed in a tangy vinaigrette seasoned with herbs - definitely included oregano, parsley and S&P.  This was delish - I love tangy slaw.  The entree is also served with pita and garlic sauce.  Oh, how I love the ubiquitous garlic sauce available in chicken restaurants.  It's like Zankou or any of the other chicken places - it's white, creamy and delish.  The pita was fresh - great for slathering with that garlic sauce.I was really impressed by Chicken Maison - the service and food were both great.  It is an excellent value, and I would definitely come back.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,3/24/2013,149,217,3,16,17>My coworker implemented friday morning breakfast burrito days. So every Friday we make our way to Four Brothers for breakfast burritos.. mmm.. i love the avocado.. the potatoes i'm not the biggest fan of..the breakfast burrito has enough meat to get your morning protein..manhattan burrito is good if you don't want too much meat and it's hash browns inside which makes it great!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/23/2013,52,36,6,121,122>This is another one of my sushi Love affairs. I have a few of them in LA.This place is a little more upscale than the normal sushi corner but it is well worth it.Very friendly service and high quality fish (very fresh!)  maybe they grow the tuna in the kitchen doubt it, but ya it taste that fresh. For all the sushi and sashimi lovers this place is a must.I would recommend Sugarfish to anyone.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,3/22/2013,221,141,5,34,8>*THIS IS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW.Cheapest LAX parking garage rate (trust me I've searched everywhere).Reserve with them on airport-la.com, prices will drop to around $8/day. Around holidays, the garage gets full so they close it off unless you have a reservation. However, the garage itself has tons of space. I paid $7 something a day and got to park indoors, with PLENTY of parking spot options. (some spots say reserved though so be sure not to park in those. also, all spots say for compact cars. even if you're a big car you have no other option to park in those spots because they are the only ones not marked reserved. don't worry!!! -- there are plenty of open spots so you are not forced to squeeze into little spaces and cramming your nice car anywhere. i parked my truck in here during thanksgiving and i didn't have a single car park on either side of me.)Check your e-mail for WHICH location you are designated to park at.If your reservation is for 5959 W. Century Blvd, here is how to get there:- Drive down Sepulveda towards the airport- make a RIGHT onto W. Century Blvd- look for a nice granite sign that says: 5959 W. Century Blvd with listings of what is in side- make a right after you see this into a driveway- you'll pass a hotel entrance that you will see on your LEFT hand side- after you pass this you'll see a covered parking garage on your RIGHT hand side with a gated entrance (when I parked here I circled a couple of times because I didn't know the entrance was for Airport Center Parking and there was an attendant standing in front of the garage. there was also a sign that said garage full and closed off to reservation customers only, I showed him my airport confirmation e-mail and he let me in)- turn into the parking garage, press the button to take a ticket, and an attendant will notify you to park on either levels 1, 2, or 3.- park your car, remember where you parked.- shuttles take you to the airport and when I got to the shuttle area there were 2 shuttles waitingwhen you arrive back at the airport:- leave the airport from the arrival terminal- go to the ORANGE signs that say: "Hotel and Courtesy Shuttles"- the shuttle bus that picks you up will look like the ones in the Yelp pictures- the shuttle driver will ask you which location -- so remember which location you parked at!!! 5959 or 6151Shuttles are cleanShuttle drivers are pleasantParking lots are cleanThe phones are ALWAYS answered (866) 300-7275Attendants working the garage are SUPER niceI did have trouble finding the actual location and had to call to figure out where we would be picked up. However, hopefully this helps you guys! and if in doubt, call their phone number and someone will definitely help you out!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,3/21/2013,271,424,8,9,8>Very friendly, privately owned restaurant in downtown Manhattan Beach in one of the busier bar and restaurant districts.  The co-owner Chris was working the front on a really busy night, but kept giving everyone that was waiting to be seated updates and constant time estimates which helped the wait tremendously.  Even after being seated, he insisted on buying a beer for being so patient, which was really nice.  The restaurant itself is small but cozy.  There are about 12-15 tables and a large circular bar that seats about 8.  They specialize in seafood, and the menu is printed on the placemat in front of you which adds to the cozy, hominess feel.  They give you a nice basket of fresh bread after you order.  I ordered the Lobster bisque, the Caesar salad with anchovies, and the house specialty, pistachio crusted halibut.  The food came out relatively quickly, and was really good.  The bisque was rich and creamy, really amazing.  I would definitely order that again.  The anchovies in the caesar salad were a little strong for me, however; after the first 3, I put the rest aside and ate around the salty little fish.  With the halibut, you're able to order 2 sides.  I ordered the grilled beets and mashed potatoes, which went along well with the halibut.  The beets especially were fantastic, it's something I don't remember seeing as sides in similar restaurants and something I recommend.  As for the halibut itself, the pistachios definitely add a nice crunchy texture and the taste goes well with the flaky fish.  Very good and worth visiting just for this dish.  Definitely a great place to go for dinner if you're ever in the area.  The food is fresh and the recipes are new and original enough to make it worth a first or second trip.  Service is excellent also which makes this a really great find.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,3/20/2013,514,405,9,15,11>I don't know why I haven't been here sooner. Passed it a million times. I'm really glad my friend suggested we come by, now I have a new place in samo to hit up. They have a burger and beer special, $10 between 6-8pm. I thought that was a deal. They have great happy hour prices too. The people who work there are super nice and attentive. My chicken burger was just ok, but my friends veggie burger was delish. Fries, onion rings and cheese sticks were good to. Typical bar food. Nothing out of this world, but drfinitely worth coming back to soon!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,3/19/2013,347,458,6,21,10>I've always gone back and forth on the subject of laser hair removal...oh should I do it? Is it worth it? It kinda costs a lot. Ughhh...but it would be so worth it not to have to worry about plucking or shaving all the time... ho hum ho hum. Then Rejuvenation Center popped up on Groupon with a good rep on Yelp, and so voluntary hair loss here I go!First off, their new location is much more convenient than their old one. They also just recently started weekend hours too. Old location was in the trendy shopping area of Manhattan beach, but then you had to deal with the meters and they shared space with another spa so it was kinda tricky to find at first. Now they still share an office, but its more clearly marked and they have free parking too! Beware though, all the spots are tiny and definitely compact sized even though not marked as such. Take the small car.They've really surprised me with how professional they are and also how calming the sessions can be. The receptionists are nice and helpful, the waiting room is clean with offerings of lemon water and coffee. Then you get led into individual rooms where you have privacy as they work on you. All the staff that has worked on me has always answered every single question I've asked (especially the first visit) and have always made sure I was as comfortable as possible and not in a lot of pain. Before every appt they always call the day before to confirm that I can still make it. Always a nice reminder.  My first experience I had with them really put them in a positive light. I had accidentally went there on the wrong day, right time! Instead of telling me to come back during the right day, they still did the session and patiently answered all the questions I had. The Rejuvenation Center has really made laser hair removal as positive of an experience as can be. It still hurts, but the calming atmosphere they've created and their professional attitude makes it easier to handle.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/18/2013,420,117,9,15,13>AMAZING!!!! I'll only come here for the happy hour cause its so cheap I feel like I'm ripping them off!Happy hour $1 oysters. They're so fresh and a very decent size. I also LOVE their creamy lobster bisque topped with a pastry bread baked on top, its a must-have, even though its not a happy hour special. I also highly recommend the happy hour mussels. They have a creamy buttery sauce that is soooo wonderful with the complementary bread they give out! YUM!Some things on the menu that were just average were the happy hour clams. The white sauce that came with it was kind of watery and not flavorful. The chocolate cake that we ordered was also small, and considering that it was $7, it was no bigger than the palm of my tiny little girl hands. The Ahi Poke was my least favorite dish. The fish was overseared and the asian sauce that came with it was not appealing.Overall, a great place to go for happy hour. Cheers!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,3/17/2013,378,174,12,11,9>I want to personally punch every single person in the face who gave this place a negative review. There has to be something wrong with you. THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Best fast-food restaurant I have ever been to in my life. This place puts Chipotle, Q'Doba, and Panchero's to shame. Those places are the RC cola of burrito places. Those places are like the Myspace of burrito places. HANDS DOWN, awesome. I'm still full. First of all, finally a restaurant in California that gives you a REAL portion. I am a guy and I am sick of all these tiny little portions of food at these "California style" restaurants. Let's frickin' eat! This place allows you to pig out, and I like it. Secondly, the service is incredible. The girl making our burrito was hilarious and awesome. She didn't charge us for any of the extras we put on our stuff and she was joking around like a clown for 20 minutes. Thirdly, the food is amazing. 4 different types of tortilla, tons of toppings and choices, 6 different sauces, and the drink cup that comes with the combo is MASSIVE. The chips and queso are also awesome. Lastly, the restaurant is crazy cool. Outdoor seating mixed with a cool, mexican style vibe. I honestly did not want to leave. For 10 bucks, I got a burrito the size of an over-inflated football, a bowl of chips and queso fit for a court jester, and a drink comparable to a Large Farva. I am in love with this place. I am taking everyone I know to this place. PROS: FOOOOOOD!-Big portions-Cheap-Awesome service-Great staff-Cool restaurant-Quick and speedy-Great location on Licoln blvd.CONS: None. If you gave this place a bad review, don't speak to me at a Yelp party. Can't wait to go back!Good eating, Sean
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/16/2013,350,358,7,9,9>Located in an alley. Sorta. Might look a little sketchy to some people, but this place is pretty awesome. You can enter to here through Rocco's Tavern, just go towards the back where the restrooms are =)I usually come here Wednesday nights, some time Thursdays & Fridays. Wednesday nights there's usually a live band, pretty cool to check out. This place is pretty small & intimate. Usually not too crowded but it can get packed. Bartenders are always cool as hell. Trevor is awesome! He knows his drinks & absinthe. I love getting the Strawberry Hinny, yummy fresh cut strawberries, ginger, mint leaves and it's a creeper. I love the absinthe/water machine thing, it's cool to watch =P the truffle fries are super addicting!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,3/15/2013,765,453,9,10,10>I came here by myself a couple of years ago, and was always looking to share the experience with someone. Finally, a couple of years later, which was about a week ago... a party of 4 1/2 came for lunch with me. There were so many entrees to choose from... peruvian food, chinese food and desserts. Don't forget that green sauce in the squeeze bottle, it's good on everything.     Once I was told the inca cola tasted like bubble gum, ever since then... I order it and I think of juicy fruit or something of the like. Our server was nice too. I think I've made a couple of fans of this spot for sure.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/14/2013,291,297,7,6,5>I have to admit, I'm not a vegetarian but I am a chicken-tarian.   So I was in search of some culinary inspiration considering my usual diet consists of 70 percent vegetables and the rest chicken or cottage cheese - I'm not accounting for beer or alcohol.   Consequently, I was excited to go to M.A.K.E. The restaurant is located on the third floor of the mall at the Third Street Promenade in the "Market" area. M.A.K.E also functions as a culinary school for raw cooking.At the event Yelpers were presented with a variety of small dishes to share and my top three were:1. The flat bread with the hearty paste it was topped with - A yelper uploaded the pics with detailed descriptions if you want the name of the dish.2. The zucchini lasagna with macadamia "cheese" = it was akin to ricotta's consistency and taste.3. the Arugula salad with pistachio paste and persimmon dressing. That was an amazing pairing.The owner was also nice enough to show us around the kitchen and speak to us about his own food revolution.Definitely came out of the event with some ideas for dressings and pastes. Now all I need to do is get a food processor.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,3/13/2013,595,326,8,20,14>Hinoki and The Bird is the latest venture by acclaimed chef David Myers and is located on the ground floor of The Century condos. David Myers protege Kuniko Yagi is chef de cuisine! For those of you not up to date, Kuniko Yagi is most well known for her recent stint on Top Chef Seattle and was discovered by Chef Myers in a local noodle shop where she was a server and does not have any formal culinary training. He was impressed by her passion for food and offered her the opportunity to see what she had in his kitchen at than acclaimed restaurant Sona. Turns out she was literally a culinary badass and the rest is as we say apple pie!Upon entering Hinoki & The Bird you are greeted by a warm and intimate environment. The decor has a lot of wood and clean lines which really take it to the top. The inside of the restaurant is somewhat small, as you walk in you can see right in the kitchen, which I personally love. It's awesome to have the opportunity to watch chefs churn out food. There was a patio that has a retractable roof. Very minimalist but beautiful. One very cool thing about the patio is that the floors are heated and it was shocking to see how warm the room was, and trust me, we went on a cold, rainy LA evening! We were told that they can keep the patio a solid 80 degrees at any given time!Service was phenomenal, everyone from the hostesses to the bussers, wait staff, chefs and management all had positive attitudes and not an ounce of attitude could be detected from one person in the establishment (FINALLY!). When we arrived our friends were running a couple minutes late, so we thankfully had the opportunity to sit at the bar and watch the uber talented chef churn out some amazing and beautifully crafted drinks. Their drink menu is honestly unlike most in LA. It really has a more old school feel. Lots of rum. whisky and bitters and aromatics are found in their cocktails! Their wine list is pretty progressive and they have some pretty phenomenal selections available.Food wise, they really encourage sharing and ordering family style! The cuisine has a cal-asian feel to it, and really has a wonderful comforting feel to it. Nothing too fussy just some really fabulous food.   For dinner we had:The Crispy Marinated Chicken with the lemon aioli, think high end chicken tenders with ranch but a million times better! Tender, juicy and perfectly fried. It is featured under their fun bites section. Beef tartare with pickled jalapeños and parmigiano: The flavors of this dish really stood out and worked perfectly together. The quail egg and the wonderful beef really worked together. It's featured with a good crusty bread. Lobster Roll with curry, thai basil featured in a charcoal bun - really quite possibly one of the best Lobster rolls I've ever had. The charcoal bun was fun and different, and the lobster was tender and succulent with just a hint of curry. Def a must try dish. caramel braised kurobuta pork belly, radish, mustard greens: was tender, and falling apart. It had a lot of flavor but I felt like it was missing something. For whatever reason this is the one dish that I felt really let down by. I LOVE pork belly and love the richness of it but this wasn't doing it for me. Drunken Duck breast was cooked to perfection. Flavors were wonderful and I really enjoyed the sweet persimmons. Wagyu strip loin was cooked to a wonderful rare. Full of flavor and one of the top dishes on the menu. Sambal Skate Wing was my favorite menu item all evening! Served on the bone and melt in your mouth tender. The Sambal sauce really made it wonderful and the heat gave it an interesting complexity.  Deserts were wonderful. Prepared by Pastry Chef Ramon Perez, who I believe was the pastry chef at Sona. Top contenders were the black sesame ice cream, lemon, hibiscus. steamed banana cake, saffron cremeux, frozen coconut, hazelnut. I really enjoyed it, but it's not in your face sweet and is very different. BUT.... the must get desert here is the matcha zephyr, matcha sponge cake, zephyr namelaka, yuzu. Holy moly was that good! the Yuzu really gives it this interesting edge. The over all experience was delightfully engaging, exciting, organic, and playful! David Myers really hit it out of the park on this one. It's much more low key from Sona and people dining here looking for the same Sona experience will find themselves disappointed. I cant wait to come back soon after they have been open a little longer and all the kinks worked out to try this place again! We also had the opportunity to meet Chef David Myers and it seems as though he has some amazing things lined up for this local gem.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,3/12/2013,547,454,11,11,9>Areal defines itself as spaces. It truly occupies a beautiful space - wooden deck and slat walls, linen draped up high with strings of globe lights above. It's an ambience of cool and casual reminiscent of dining in a lovely courtyard. The food is good. Not incredible, but solid. Sadly, it is rather pricey for being just okay. Its $$$ is a disadvantage on a street full of other, less expensive and comparable food.I once had their monchong, in a spicy light tomato cream sauce. Clams and enoki dotted the ciopinno-like base. A roasted and a little too charred toast accompanied. The fish was delicious, flaky, though nothing outstanding and rather too mild on its own.The rib eye is good. Prepared in herb butter, so on the heavy side. The dish also comes with enoki, and lies on top of sautéed spinach. Crab cake appetizer was listed as plural on the menu, but it was one crab cake. It was packed with crab, crumbs and herbs. Probably my second fave of the night. My favorite? Their ice cream sundae for 2! Three heaping scoops of vanilla bean, drizzled with bourbon caramel, chocolate and chunks of cracked toasted hazelnuts. My only little hang-up was the waiter promised both vanilla and chocolate. Oh well!Frankly, I think they're best for brunch. On the less expensive side, but still with the sweet outdoors. Biscuits and sausage gravy - rich and decadent. Perfect Saturday morning food after a late night out. It comes with eggs, fried, but really the way you want it. I love their eggs benedict. You have a choice of smoked salmon, spinach or porchetta. Regardless, the lightly toasted English muffin and eggs are smothered in a rich bearnaise you'll want to sop up with more of their complimentary biscuits and jam. ;)Service and drinks are top-notch. Lots of fun, mixology-oriented sips. Again, cocktails, wine and liquor are pricey and imo overvalued. In general, it's great for one cocktail or the brunch/lunch - they have quite a lunch deal in fact. Definitely not worth a sit-down dinner with drinks, appetizer, entrees, dessert - the whole shebang. Plus, there's the slight inconsistency between a few menu descriptions and what they actually serve.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/11/2013,369,313,7,10,10>Fabulous event! I felt extremely welcomed as soon as I stepped through the door. Brittany introduced herself to me and explained exactly how the event would work. She said this type of (lunch) event was a first for LA West, and I am so glad I got to participate! It was incredibly intimate, and being a first-time yelp event attender, I really got a chance to meet other local yelpers who work near me. Also, we received discount coupons for our next visit to Emporium Thai and for a massage next door at Aqua Thai.The owners came by and explained that this is their family restaurant, which is intended to focus on Southern Thai (spicy) cuisine. One of the owners told us we would be receiving all items at a medium-spicy level because he knew we had to go back to work. He is such a nice, funny man, who seems to really care about his customers. He told us that, for some reason, he hasn't been receiving much exposure to the Westwood lunch crowd and he said he wanted our honest feedback. He seemed really pleased when we all told him how great the food was.As if that wasn't enough, we had some incredible food. I do not know why the reviews for this place aren't better. The food was delicious. My favorite dishes were the basil chicken, the pad see ew, and the pad thai. I was also pleasantly surprised by the curry dishes. Normally, I'm not a fan of curry, but the spices were perfect, and the dishes were cooked well. I'll definitely be back, and I'll probably order lunch delivery at some point in the very near future.Our servers were very pleasant, as well. They were constantly checking to see whether we needed drink refills, and they explained each dish to us (and brought us additional plates when we really liked the dish).  Overall, this was a great first yelp event for me!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,3/10/2013,550,360,7,18,13>True Friends Pet Care is as good as it gets!  We have used Natalya's services twice now and she is beyond professional.  She goes the extra mile every time and sincerely cares about our 3 precious kitties - Molly, Daisy and Zoey.  Natalya first came to our house to meet our furry babies and to see how we would like them fed and watched.  She had us complete a lot of paperwork that I wouldn't have even thought of and made sure she had authorization forms in case she had to take anyone to the Vet.  She was completely ready when we called and asked her to watch the kitties for 3 days while we were out of town.  She texted me every day to let me know the kitties were good and everything was OK.  She even texted me photos.A couple of months after her first babysitting assignment we needed Natalya to watch our babies for 8 days.  She was fantastic.  She even took in our mail and would switch lights on and off throughout the house.  She asked that I let her know when we arrived back in town and I sent a text to the wrong #, so she actually called me and was on her way to our house to check on the cats just in case something went wrong with us returning from our trip.  Now that is 5 Star service in my book!!!I cannot recommend Natalya and True Friends Pet Care enough.  I am thoroughly happy with her services.  I used to be nervous whenever we left town but now I know I have a true professional that I can count on and trust.  Natalya has actually made it possible for me to relax and enjoy my vacations!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,3/9/2013,595,703,9,11,10>Yum! What a great event! :) Accompanied, by the lovely Val, we had a blast! The flatbreads were very tasty! :) I really enjoyed the steak and mushroom flatbread but the garlic chicken one was tasty as well, as well as the classic cheese and tomato one. I must have had a ton of those little slices. :) These were constantly flying off the tables, but there was always a crew of employees bringing out more flatbread! Yum!I also enjoyed the chicken skewers, chicken quesadillas and the stuffed mushroom caps! Yum! I also heard the scallops were tasty and they looked so large... but I'm not a seafood eater... so I don't know how they could not be. Those mini desserts were like little works of art. I had a chocolate cream one which was so tasty and rich. :) I devoured it in a second... and they kept them coming. There certainly wasn't any sort of shortage of food at this event! :)Aside from the food, I had a great time talking with fellow yelpers! It was great to meet some interesting new people! :) It was also quite amazing to meet the young chef who creates all these dishes. I was really impressed that their menu changes weekly (hence Seasons 52) and that they get most of their ingredients locally and also go down to the Santa Monica Farmer's Market to pick out fresh ingredients for the week. Really awesome! :) It was very impressive to hear that they have their own herb garden where they grow all their own herbs for their recipes and drinks. Very cool! :)I also loved the little photo booth where we took some silly pictures! It was fun and I love photo booths! :) It's certainly something I don't do nearly enough! Yay!The service was amazing. All the servers were so amazingly kind and went above and beyond with everything! :) The only gripe was the seating: there were about six tables and everyone else had to stand.Thanks again Brittany for curating another great LA West event! :)
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/8/2013,253,588,11,13,13>Have I told you about my new favorite thing in life? It's called FRIED SEAWEED ROLLS and it is as if all the goodness in the world was rolled up with cabbage and glass noodles, fried crispy, then served on a dish.Wow! bit.ly/XvqDhUI can't believe it has taken me so long to finally check out LA Vegan. I guess I was expecting your typical Thai vegan restaurant  which are a dime a dozen in LA but this one stands out for sure! I'm also happy to report that I've experienced LA Vegan in more ways than one. Dine in, take out, delivery, yup. I've done it all and service has been extremely friendly, inviting, and helpful all across the board.Now on to the good stuff...SPICY BEEF SALAD bit.ly/UbZXyTOk, I know. Fake meats can sometimes weird me out too. But sometimes they don't and I'm not kidding when I say that this is one of the most amazing salads with the most delicious flavors that has ever danced on my taste buds. A little much on the red onions but I'm sure that can be adjusted per request. Whatever citrusy dressing they use is bomb! TOFU LARB SALADJust as tasty as the salad listed above except instead of fake beef, there is tofu. There is also this rice powder stuff that is used which I liked but also think some people might freak out from the texture.SOY BEEF BURRITO and CRISPY TACOYum! That is all :)TOM KAH KAI bit.ly/QUXGsNCoconut milk, soy chicken, mushrooms, lime juice, spicy and tasty tasty tasty!!!Well deserved 5-stars! Definitely one of those places that I would keep visiting just to experience everything on the menu :)
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/7/2013,425,389,12,18,16>Showed up 15-20min before the store opened on Saturday with Steph Y. and Emily R. I think we were the third group on the sign up sheet.The service was fast and we only waited few minutes to be seated. I got their tsukemen and it was so fatty and flavorful. I can see why it's so popular :) As much as I love ramen, fatty broth isn't my #1. It's def the best tsukemn I ever had and I do recommend it to all the ramen enthusiasts out there. The ramen is only available for limited time everyday (?). TIP: Best time to show up is few minutes before they open. If you show up later you will end up waiting for a very long time. I think the service is faster when you're one of the first to eat. Cash only!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,3/6/2013,4014,2434,33,54,41>***While I have not yet tried the very acclaimed and very pricey Urasawa, Sushi Zo stands head and shoulders above any Japanese restaurant I have tried in Los Angeles***Sushi Zo is an omakase only restaurant and the focus is mostly on sushi (there are a few non-sushi courses like sashimi and even one cooked fish dish).  The dining experience at Sushi Zo is a progression of many tiny courses.  Thirty plus courses (mostly sushi and typically just one piece each) are served one at a time.The numerous courses consist of consistently fresh, moist and soft fish.  Some of the sushi is pre-dressed with ponzu, yuzu, salt, soy, and/or truffle.  You can use soy with some pieces, but most pieces do not require any additional sauces or seasoning.  Despite the wide variety of fish used, a lot of the courses do start to taste similar because of the similarities of the fish as well as the similarities of the sauces.  There were some major highlights though.The yellowtail was perfectly cut--smooth with no breakage.  The eel was served very clean with no sauce, which was good and different.  I really liked the truffle flavor of the snapper with truffle salt.  The orange clam was good--a unique crunch but still pretty soft and a good flavor.The toro was very good--great flavor and a melt-in-your-mouth softness.  I liked the Spanish mackerel as well and the little halibut fin roll, which was good and had a distinct texture.  The scallop was good and better than most scallop dishes you will find at sushi restaurants (like the yellowtail, it was very nicely cut).  The seared butter fish was a nice contrast and the sweet and sour miso mustard was tasty.The monkfish liver was very creamy as was the uni, which was creamy and lightly sweet.  The salmon roe was very good--big, soft and bursting with flavor and juiciness.  There was many other great dishes like amberjack, salmon, oysters, and so on.In addition to the fresh, moist and soft sushi (which stands well above all other Los Angeles sushi restaurants I've been to), the sushi rice here was really good--nicely moist and a little bit warm (not too sweet or too vinegary).  The cooking on the rice was very good--not too mushy; very al dente where the individual grains were noticeable.I liked almost every course.  My friend did not like the abalone because of the hard texture, but I liked it.  I have never liked the tuna sashimi here.  While I think the uni, salmon roe and yellowtail easily stand out against all other Los Angeles places, the tuna here feels very run-of-the-mill.Service was very quick and pleasant as always.  The food really comes out at a quick and efficient pace.Pricing is very high.  You definitely get more than enough food and you can always tell them to stop to reduce the cost of the omakase, but you are still looking at one of the most expensive Japanese restaurants in Los Angeles.  The quality is exceptional though and even though you can find very good sushi at less expensive Los Angeles restaurants, I do not find them nearly as good as Sushi Zo.Sushi Zo is a very good sushi restaurant and definitely one you have to visit if you love sushi.  You can also find good sushi and sashimi at Kiriko, Sushi Dokoro Ki Ra La and the very good Asanebo, but Sushi Zo stands well above them in terms of quality and flavor.Sushi Zo is part of a retail strip and I think you can park in the retail strip's parking lot (which is huge and free).
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,3/5/2013,86,202,16,19,17>My coworkers wanted to have a holiday dinner here at 6pm. I was fashionably late, coming in at 7pm. We did not get to order until 8pm. Our food didn't come until like, 845-900pm (it was at this point I was nursing my six pack beers). Needless to say, I was starving and the alcohol affected me more than it would have normally. I got the six pack traditional. 1. Deschutes American style pale ale: malted barley with bold, floral Cascade hops 2. Deschutes Black Butte: full roasted coffee and chocolate 3. Stone Ruination IPA: full flavored hoppiness (BITTER UGHGH)4. Lost Coast Downtown Brown: smooth, full-bodied nut brown ale with dark chocolate malts and a hint of crystal malts for complexity (my favorite!)5. Lost Coast Apricot Wheat: wheat with floral, sweet apricot. Very aromatic. 6. Lost Coast Tangerine Wheat: citrus ale with wheat and crystal barley malts (BLAUGH)I can't decide whether 3 or 6 tastes worse, but I like the rest and especially the Lost Coast Downtown Brown! Our half of the table of Yard House veterans got the following: + Jambalaya Shrimp (I and several people got this)+ Steak and shrimp (several people got this as well)+ Pineapple express (really strong, several people got this)+ Ahi crunchy salad ("Are you on a diet?" "No, I got this because it's good!")+ Lobster Garlic noodles ("Extremely delicious!")+ Mini peach apple cobbler + Mini creme bruleeThere were so many TV's, all displaying different basketball games! The bathrooms are beautiful, but the overall vibe of the restaurant is LOUD. I had to sit in my car for a while to sober up, and then I tried to gym with all this food in my stomach and it was no good. I would go back during happy hour when it isn't so cramped and the wait isn't so bad.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,3/4/2013,253,397,6,19,6>I have been waiting for this spot to open for quite some time; the primary reason being that this is the closest movie theater to my house and I used to go there frequently for matinee or afternoon weekend movies (just to kill some time).My curiosity was picqued when they shut down 6 months ago in order to transition to a new "dine in" movie theater concept. Now, being from Austin, I am very familiar with this idea, considering that we have the Alamo Drafthouse - a joint that does a very respectable job of delivering gourmet food / craft beers and wines to you as you watch a movie. So, without further ado, let's get to the nitty gritty.FIT & FINISH: The theater has been completely gutted and revamped from the top to the bottom. This is a GOOD thing. The old spot was mostly unused, and had disintegrated into a kind of dark / dingy spot where you could only easily find old people and sort of expected to get hit up for change walking in.The new fit & finish is very current. I was however a bit disappointed ... it looks clean and all that but the quality of some of the components appears a bit cheap. I think for this sort of thing to stick, you have to provide a fairly upscale experience. The old lobby has been gutted, revamped, and turned into a dining area with a full bar. The seats in the move theater itself have been yanked out and replaced with pairs of leather recliners. This is a VERY nice touch. A+.DINING EXPERIENCE: Dining experience was eh...however, it would be unfair to judge them TOO harshly since this location -just- opened. That being said here is some information and how to work the system for the best experience possible. #1: Food quality - Decent on the appetizer that I ordered (Thai Bang Shrimp). Too much breading and not enough shrimp. We both had the cheeseburger with added jalepenos for an entree.The burger was tasty and cooked to perfection. I found mine required ketchup and salt in addition to the jalepenos to make it less bland. I'd recommend maybe getting the fire burger. Fries were a touch limp. Perhaps ask them to cook them slightly longer. #2: Booze in the theater - Doubtless due to AMC's legal department, there is a two drink maximum in the theater, and a double drink counts as two, not one. This is a stupidly low restriction AMC and you need to change it. #3: Meal timing - Again I am not going to knock the theater TOO hard for this as they just opened, but the meal timing was utterly horrid. The kitchen clearly has no idea as to when to appropriately fire the orders to make sense relative to movie timing. For example, we arrived a bit early and proceeded into the theater. Our server dropped by promptly and ordered drinks, which also arrived promptly (all good so far).At this point it was about 10 minutes before the movie started so we figured, ah - ok let's go ahead and order entree's now. So we did.Here's where the kitchen needs to understand where the theaters are -- our food arrived before the movie even started! It would be much more appropriate for appetizers to arrive first and then the food to arrive about 20 minutes into the movie.Lastly, our server closed out our tab and disappeared about 30 minutes into the movie. The tab should be left open until 20 minutes before the movie is over in case we ordered more.OVERALL: A good experience that could use some tweaking / adjusting and will probably get better as the operation improves. TIPS: In the interim, try these to smooth our your experience:#1: Arrive early enough to have a drink or glass of wine or two in the lobby bar / restaurant.#2: Order drinks promptly upon arriving in the theater. Hold other orders. #3: Order apps about 10 minutes into the movie via the call button. #4: Order entree about 20 minutes into the movie via the call button.#5: Tell server to leave tab open until 20 minutes before the end of the movie.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,3/3/2013,449,176,7,10,9>*RUSTIC SPORTS BAR W GREAT HAPPY HOUR*Started out w some bread, butter and deliciouso tapenade. yelp.com/biz_photos/bric…GLass of House Pinot (Happy hour $5)FOOD:*CAESAR SALAD ($9): Poached egg, crispy proscuitto. This was not on special or happy hour but it comes highly reccomended. Refreshing and the poached egg was a nice touch.yelp.com/biz_photos/bric…*WILD MUSHROOMS PIZZA($15 or Half off on tuesdays $7.50)- gruyere, truffle oil, parsley. This pizza was huuuge and delicious! I love the truffle mushroom combo. The wild mushrooms are so meaty it almost tastes like there is meat on it even though there isnt! ~Perfect with sides of chili flakes, parm & Ranch (for crust).yelp.com/biz_photos/bric…BURGER ($16 . happy hour price $10): Tobacco onions, aged cheddar, bacon, bbq jam on brioche bun. Huge also! nice touch w the jalapeno on top. Decent burger, great value. Thick patty, great bun and sauce. Came medium as we asked. Not my favorite burger but not bad! Came with truffle parm fries. Thin, crispy and delicious! ~Ask for side of garlic aioli for burger and fries.yelp.com/biz_photos/bric…2 glasses of wine, pizza, burger and fries- $40. Great value, great vibe, good food. AMBIANCE: Mostly Venice Hippie-types. Rustic feel with flat screens on every corner.PARKING: Street parking available.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/2/2013,389,773,7,17,8>Got a Groupon to see this amazing piece of history and it was an incredible deal! There are plenty of ex military volunteers throughout the ship to make this trip interesting. If you actually go through the effort of reading all the information they have around this easily takes a couple hours. I'm interested in returning to see the new pathways they open up and the renovations they are planning. It is only one path now but some of the lower decks should open in the future. One planned tour regards living on the ship. Note: you might not want to take anyone with height fears or issues with walking up and down steep stairs here. Or anyone claustrophobic.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,2/28/2013,151,184,10,10,7>Where else can you walk into a market, grab an 18-pack of Peruvian beer, a couple Mexican pastries, a Cuban sandwich, and a dozen Argentinian empanadas? This place is a south American gold mine. In addition, they have an assortment of meats and sausages marinating and prepared in an Argentinian fashion. If that doesn't sound bomb, you need to step outside of your comfort zone. And if for some reason there is a line, there is a sandwich counter and a huge screen TV towards the back. Boom! Still not stoked? OK, last try . . . They make their own Chimichurri sauce. Boom!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,2/27/2013,85,122,5,10,8>One of the best Ive been to. I was looking for a panaderia in the Southbay (close to my house)for sweet bread & 3 leches cake. This place has it, plus its very spacious & the price is right! Parking is provided & the staff here was very helpful with a smile. Check it out they have tons of goodies.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/26/2013,531,250,7,13,9>I am not sure why I have never yelped this place before. The breakfasts are our favorites and my in-laws have frequented it for many years. It is always first choice many times when we are choosing a place to eat in El Segundo. Even when it is busy the service is usually stellar!A few weeks ago there was a little glitch when a waiter was a little rude and I wrote a review about it. It was still bothering me when I wrote about it. And if you read my reviews, you know that I can use Yelp to help me vent! Or praise the socks off of a place! In this case, I vented. But I have to tell you that  Grace the Manager, contacted me and just the effort to take the time and want to make it better was something that I was not expecting. Her customer service and caring attitude made me want to come back and give them the five stars that they truly deserved over the years!  So I have since edited this review because....One incident does not wipe out the good food and service that keeps them a favorite year after year!  I do recommend this place with all the five stars I have to give them! Check them out! ;)UPDATE:My in-laws went back and they were waited on by their favorite server (Ahhh  I can't believe I forgot his name! It starts with a J ~ he wrote it down for them) but they said he has served them for years and so they have experienced the worst and the best there all in the last few visits ~ but the worst only that one time!!!!! And I am sure that Grace (The General Manager) who is "ON IT" will make sure all future customers always are treated the way my in-law's favorite server, J has always treated them! That little act of contacting them to apologize will go a long way. Marmalade did not lose one of their best customers because Grace truly abides by one of the best customer service rules around... caring about the customer!Seeeee you really ARE helped when you are yelped! Thank you Grace!!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,2/25/2013,831,371,11,15,11>¡ERMEHGERD!In the 12 years that Ive visited this mall and always entering through the Nordstroms department store I have never set foot in this place. It was always an afterthought. You know the kind that yo tell yourself "meh...Ill go next time." and then scurry off. That sort of thing. Besides It always looked to me like the type of place (from the outside looking in) that its days were numbered cause only older people and their trust fund grand kids would go there.After hitting the pavement hard at the mall doing some Christmas shopping the Donger needed food!Now was the time to quit play'n and go try Sixth and Pine.I was greeted by two lovely ladies, smiles and all and handed a menu and given an option to sit. I chose the counter. I put my shopping bags down and gave the menu a quick browse. I was sold on the Corned Beef/slaw on Rye Bread and a side of sweet potato fries. The meal was a solid "OMG This is amazing!" The food was hot, fresh and rich with flavor. More than I expected. It was almost perfect I tell you. I would have ordered more if I had the stomach for it.But heres the best part. My server was a bit on the busy side, but not so much that I would have raised a stink over. What impressed me was the suit wearing manager stepping up to  politely take my order down and assured me that the food would be ready right away. This tells me that he's not a "buck passing blame everyone" type. He sees where areas need attention and handles it rather than give grief to his employees. Big Ups to the staff at Sixth & Pine! I will definitely come back again and again.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,2/24/2013,802,562,6,14,14>Usually the first dishes that come to mind when thinking about Mexican food are tacos and burritos but what about Tlayudas and Higaditos? El Jacalito is a cozy little Mexican eatery located in Lomita that specializes in dishes from Mexico's state of Oaxaca. For those of us that are not familiar with Oaxaquena cuisine, it has a distinct regional flavor different from much of the Mexican food that we, in LA,  are used to.Since it was the weekend, I ordered their Barbacoa soup. This is a dark red spicy herby soup filled with goat meat and served with El Jacalito's handmade tortillas. Wow, what a combination! Soft hot doughy tortillas dipped in delicious broth wrapped around a tender piece of goat meat!As good as the Barbacoa soup was, the dish that truly stood out was the Tlayuda de Tres Carne. Imagine a huge tortilla grilled to crispy and topped with a layer of black beans, quesillo, cabbage, tomatos, onions, avocado (loads of avocado) and Tasajo (cured beef), chorizo, and cecina (smoked pork). This was unbelievably good! El Jacalito serves a great salsa with their chips but ask for their special salsa for the Tlayuda - you won't regret it.yelp.com/biz_photos/pT_T…Eric and his brother are the proprietors of El Jacalito, both the one in Culver City as well as this one in Lomita (opened only 4 months). Eric's brother was not around but Eric and his staff took care of us well.Next time? It will take me many many visit to tryout all of the different Oaxaquena dishes on the menu. It will be a tough job but someone has to do it...
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,2/23/2013,883,311,6,11,9>I'm from the bay, and I grew up on pho. Like actual pho, not the wet noodles I've been finding out in the valley that I have to drown in sriracha to make it even resemble soup. Let me tell you, with every ounce of pho snobbiness in my body, this is actual pho.Pho is meant to be a humble, hearty soup that makes you feel at home no matter where you are. Pho is a hug that starts at your lips and works its' way down to your hips. Pho is pho-king good.What I like about this place is that parking is easy, it's clean, it has a pretty bad ass fish tank with some awesome gigantic fishes and easily has the best pho I've had south of San Jose.I typically go for the flank steak and brisket soup (one of my basic favorites back home) and was not disappointed. Their broth is hearty and feels truly homemade. There's wall to wall sriracha and fresh bean sprouts at every turn.Plus, everything is perfectly affordable. I love that I can swing by after a long night and warm up to some pho. I've tried quite a few pho places, but this is by far my most trusted one.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2012,2/22/2013,341,221,8,9,11>It's a nice treat!  The place was bright and the staff was very friendly and welcoming.  My shave ice was yummy.  There were customers enjoying their shave ice inside and there was a nice line of customers.I'm not a shave ice expert so I don't know what excellent shave ice is supposed to taste like, but I did like what I had (#1 Spin & Rainbow with Pineapple Ice Cream).  I think I would have liked it better without the ice cream but that's just my personal taste.I will go back again!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,2/21/2013,703,398,9,12,13>Cute storefront.Friendly staff.Lots of samples!Easy parking during the weekends.Soft and tasty kringle.Crisp coffee bread perfect for dipping in...what else, coffee!Flaky and delicious poppy twist!Looking forward to trying more things!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,2/20/2013,330,334,17,18,13>Brunch at Gjelina is a must.  You're probably not cool enough to eat here (I know I'm not), but don't worry.... they don't give anyone special treatment. No matter how pretty you are. The food is awesome: it's farmer's market-driven, done right and it doesn't disappoint!  However, if you are a picky/ allergy-laden/ gluten-free/ diet restricted and sad individual, this place may be the complete opposite of awesome. Ingredient substitutions or deletions are strictly forbidden by the King of Gjelina. Period.The brunch menu is big, so I recommend getting a few different plates to share. My absolute favorites are: the crispy fingerlings w/ truffle oil and parmesan ($8), the light pillowy ricotta pancakes w/ blueberries ($12), and the gruyere + caramelized onion + arugula pizza WITH sunnyside up egg ($18).  Please get the egg.  Your pizza will be lonely without it and so will you.It's a cool, beautifully designed space and on a nice day, the back patio is in high demand.  The infamous staff can definitely be hit or miss.  It seems like they're all good looking, and they know it. We've usually had good service, but of course there's always that one A-hole or B-face that you'll get the privilege of having wait on you.  Be excited.I hear dinner is just as great, and maybe I'll be lucky enough to get a resy in this century! But for now, it's definitely the coolest brunch on Abbott Kinney.+ There's free parking behind the restaurant
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2012,2/19/2013,1263,227,8,19,15>One of my favorite libraries in Los Angeles. They have a good selection of books, available computers, lots of DVDs for rent, free printing, and a small used bookstore which paperbacks go for fifty cents. Love this library! Don't expect anything fancy.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/18/2013,591,938,18,21,19>I honestly still think they have the best boba milk tea. The tea is delicious and boba is cooked the way I like it, chewy but not hard, and sweetened with brown sugar.There drinks are made pretty sweet so I usually go for 1/4 less or half less sugar. The drinks are pretty pricey $4 for a large.Some of the other drinks are just OK.  The owner and his staffs are very friendly and courteous. Late hours! Plenty of parking!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,2/17/2013,2627,609,18,22,19>BOMB BOMB BOMBI was looking for something healthy, yet filling, yet delicioso! Checked out this place with the bf yesterday, and what a great choice it was. Good job Ayumi, you did great. Thanks I know. Anyway, it's a small place inside..the decor is a little confusing. It's very like Hawaiian-esque inside. With a surfboard, and bamboo decoration on the ceiling..huh? Lol..but besides that, everything else was great! I ordered me the beef kabob plate which comes with 7 huge thick juicy pieces of beef, a kabob of grilled veggies mm (onions, both red and white, green and red bell peppers, mushroom, tomato, zucchini (DELICIOUS), and I believe thats all.) and you get garlic spread with pita bread (2 halves each). Also you get to choose 2 sides. I chose their maison rice, and their hummus. Took a good 10-15 minutes to bring the food out, but it was freshly made and freshly amazing.Honestly, EVERYTHING on the plate was sooooo good! I wanted to have another of everything.The hummus came with tomatoes and onions diced on top, warm pita bread, yummy ass rice, delicious garlic spread..and ughhh it was amazing.I think I'm going to get some after work today, yay!-edit-Btw, I did get some after work..
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,2/16/2013,391,361,5,12,8>Smiling faces all around this place, attentive service, great place to take a date- quiet and romantic.  The menu is large and every item sounded delicious making it so difficult.    I without a doubt had to order the gnocchi- and it was so soft and plump melting in my mouth in a nice cream pesto sauce.  It had pine nuts in it too which gave it a nice nutty flavor.  The soft warmed seasoned bread I used that to help me clean the plate and it looked as though food never hit it. ;)   My little one had their Spaghetti and I can't get over how tasty that sauce was.  They put it on the side because I wasn't sure if she would like it, so I was able to taste it before adding it to the pasta and it was phenomenal.  It was wonderful as I was dipping it with that soft bread as it absorbed the sauce like a sponge- so flipping good.    I will be ordering their Spaghetti Bolognese next time I come out.   I also had a wonderful Malbec with my meal and it was the perfect pairing- I will be getting that same wine on my next trip out.   The appetizer was the special for the night and the meat was dripping in flavor topped with arugula and freshly shaved Parmesean- really tasty.   My man ordered the Halibut special and he said it was incredible, I tasted it but honestly I was so into my gnocchi that his fish was the last thing on my mind. :)   I was so stuffed and still managed to try and put away a creme brulee dessert-  I just couldn't do it I left 1/4 of it and was pushing for someone at that table to finish it as it was to not be wasted.  When you reach capacity just stop....so I did...longggggggg after I should've.  heheThey have Valet Parking if you don't want to deal for $3.50,  the street parking in this area is limited.  We had purchased the Conejo Deals on this place and our tab tallied up to about $100.00 but that did include appetizer, 3 meals, 2 glasses of wine and 3 servings of dessert.  :)
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,2/15/2013,861,371,10,17,11>Yum! We were warmly greeted as we came in today for a very late lunch around 2:30pm or so.  It wasn't too busy.  Here's what we had: The Battle Royale Burger... Bacon, egg, grilled onions, avocado, spicy sauce, lettuce, pepper jack cheese (extra $1)... Super tasty and juicy!  I'd definitely get this again and kinda regretted splitting it with my guy.  yelp.com/biz_photos/goOp… The Mama-San Tempeh Salad (I don't eat chicken)... this was just okay to me since I could taste a lot of ginger in the salad dressing and I despise ginger.  Despite that though, we got a healthy serving of tempeh and lots of crispy wontons.  It also came with almonds and mandarin oranges.  If it had a different dressing, I probably would have liked this a lot more.  yelp.com/biz_photos/goOp… Shichimi & Garlic Parmesan Fries... this was perfectly cooked and really great - with or without the spicy ketchup... which was so delicious!  Tasted like a sweet honey, sriracha, mayo concoction... The Chocolate Avocado Shake... Mmm... Very light and refreshing and the chocolate just added enough sweetness to make it good!  yelp.com/biz_photos/goOp…Customer service weighs heavily on a lot of my reviews, and this makes no exception... They were GREAT.  Very friendly and warm and seemed like they took a lot of pride in being there and working for this place.  The GM came over and made sure we were okay and gave us a sample of their curry, which we both liked!  And Eric, the owner, came by too and chatted.  A couple of the folks in the kitchen came out and greeted us too.  By the end of our visit, we knew we were going to come back again and soon!  Must try the mocha custard next and have more of those yummy fries... .
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2012,2/14/2013,750,698,9,16,14>This place is so known for its Teba (chicken wings), I know they only put it with white pepper, but my friends and I are calling this place as a "chicken made with crack" cause it's so addictive. Their lunch menu ranges from like $6.95 to like around $9.85, which is not bad cause you got tsukemono, miso soup, rice, and choice of your meat/fish. I usually ordered double teba which comes with 20 chicken wings and it's $7.95 (plus tax and tips). I love coming here for lunch, but it's a bit far from my work, so usually comes here on Fridays, when the work isn't so hectic. Service was good, food was good, doesn't cost much for my wallet, and my tummy always satisfied, I'm happy when I walk out from there.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,2/13/2013,1561,540,14,21,21>Have you ever randomly stumbled across an amazing place?  Well, that is exactly what happened when we discovered the Blind Barber.  Apparently it is a barbershop that is a front for a bar/lounge hidden behind an interior door.As we were headed to our car from a party across the street, we notice a group of people hanging out on the sidewalk.  One of the people was dressed up in a suit, and standing next to the door of an empty barbershop.  We asked him if there was a party happening in the area.  He immediately encouraged us to enter through the barbershop to check out was on the other side.  We complied, and discover one of the coolest bar/lounges I have ever been to.  What made the Blind Barber special was that EVERYONE here was having a good time.  I can't say I have ever been to any other bar/lounge where almost everyone was dancing and enjoying the music.  It wasn't music that I would normally listen too, as it was an eclectic mix of 80s, electronica, and dub step, but the entire vibe of the place left me no choice but to have fun.  What left the most lasting impression of the Blind Barber was as we were leaving.  I could still hear the voices of the people in the bar singing Madonna's "Like a Prayer" as we headed through the barbershop to the front door.  Although this is not a song I would normally listen to, it gave me chills to hear so many voices singing along and people having a good time.Based on the small amount of people that were in the Blind Barber, I would assume it is still a relatively new and 'undiscovered' place.  I really enjoyed it here and know that it is going to be very popular soon.  I can't wait to go back again for more...I had a great time!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/12/2013,835,409,10,15,14>Daiso replaced the old Marukai market. This place has everything that your need and don't need but buy anyways because EVERYTHING is $1.50!!!! Unless specified. I saw sake gift sets pricing at $8 at the most.Everything is packaged so cute and merchandise in aisles by category. For $1.50 you can get:wrapping papergift bags/boxesribbonsknick knacks for kitchen, bathroom, laundry, sink, closet, garage, tool shedstationary, pens, pencils, sharpeners, cute tape dispenserssocks, tights, ties, shirts, bras, undies, gloves, hatstoys, halloween costumesgardeningsnacks & drinksorigamidinnerwarebento boxesbakewareiphone/ipad/cellular casesear phonesOMG i can go on and one and on
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/11/2013,635,744,10,14,13>We decided to give this place another try. It had been a while, but we were looking for some cheap, quick, pre-movie food and this sounded delicious. This time, I brought a bottle of wine!To be fair, we ordered the same dishes as my first visit, to compare them to when the restaurant had recently opened. Service was extremely fast and friendly, and the guy at the counter even brought wine glasses to our table. BYOB and no corkage fee is an excellent perk of being here. My falafel wrap was completely improved over my last visit. The falafels were hot, crispy, and freshly fried. The steak was also delicious, but beware of spiciness if you're white (or you can ask for a little less!) Maybe it was something that had to be freshly ordered, but I really, really enjoyed my sandwich this time and would definitely order again.Z Garden is inexpensive compared to similar restaurants, friendly, casual, and very healthy. It usually isn't possible to get good food at these prices in such a nice setting. I would love to sit out on the pretty, lit patio on a warm summer night, with some corkage-free wine, of course.I'm glad I came back and I look forward to trying more for the menu!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/10/2013,2371,1713,51,52,49>"Mmm-mmmm. That is a tasty burger." -- Jules in Pulp Fiction This Build-Your-Own-Burger was tasty ... and also one of the juiciest, messiest, & yummiest burgers around. Where can you find this burger beast? At some "Cash Only" Hole in the Wall Burger Joint, of course. I know. It's like the start of an Abbott & Costello skit by Jules & Brett.Jules:   "Hamburgers! The cornerstone of any nutritious breakfast.              What kind of hamburgers?"Brett:    "Ch-cheeseburgers."Jules:    "No, no no, where'd you get 'em?               McDonald's? Wendy's? Jack in the Box? Where?" Brett:     A Hole in the Wall Burger Joint is where.Jules:    Your ass ain't talkin' your way out of this sh*t. Brett:     No, no, I just want you to know... I just want you to know where we got ... Jules:    [Jules shoots the man on the couch]              I'm sorry, did I break your concentration? I didn't mean to do that.               Please, continue, you were saying something about a burger.              What's the matter? Oh, you were finished! Well, allow me to retort.              Where did you get em'? Brett:    Where? Hole in the Wall Burger Joint.Jules:   Where is it from? Brett:    Where? Wh - ? Jules:   "Where" ain't no restaurant I've ever heard of. They speak English there? Brett:    Where? At a Hole in the Wall Burger Joint?Jules:   English, motherf*ck*r, do you speak it? Brett:    Yes! Yes! Jules:   Then you know what I'm sayin'! Brett:    Yes! Jules:   Name the restaurant where you got this tasty burger! Brett:    Hole in the Wall Burger Joint is where.Jules:   Say 'where' again. Say 'where' again, I dare you,              I double dare you motherf*ck*r, say where one more G*dd*mn time!For $8.95, you choose your own Hole in the Wall Burger creation: - 8 oz. of protein (of course, get Angus Beef instead of Turkey, Veggie, or Chicken) - Bread (Pretzel *recommended*, Brioche, Plain, or Wheat) - Mayo (Onion, Cranberry, or Chipotle) - Cheese (Cheddar, Provolone, Swiss, or Pepper Jack) - Toppings (Red Leaf Lettuce, Red Onion, Tomato, and Pickle Relish) - Extras for a $1 (Bacon, Fried Egg, Avocado, Mushrooms, or Sauteed Onions) - Fries for $2.99 (House or Sweet Potato) - Drinks are extra (Bottled Sodas, Lemonade, or Iced Tea)This location isn't a hole-in-the-wall like the original restaurant a few miles away. There's plenty of seats inside or outside to eat. Free parking is available in the Plaza at the Arboretum (next to Interscope Geffen A&M).My tasty burger ($11.96) was Beef (medium) on Pretzel Bun with Fried Egg, Bacon, Provolone Cheese, Red Leaf Lettuce, Sliced Red Onion, Tomato, and Chipotle Mayo. And it was G-O-O-D! If the Lord was eating this he would of said, "It was good!" and rested the next day. The difference is the beef patty dripping with flavor, fresh vegetables, a cool sauce, and one cooler pretzel bun. Holy Moly!! As soon as I finished it, I wanted another. I've never eaten a Royale with Cheese, but I'm pretty sure Hole in the Wall Burger is the place to go in Santa Monica for a Mmm-mmmm tasty burger.Jules:  You know why?Brett:   Because of the flavor?Jules:  Check out the big brain on Brett! You're a smart motherf*cker.              That's right. The flavor and freshness.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,2/9/2013,1437,1829,13,19,17>Between this Noah's and the Noah's Bagel further down, I prefer the other one more.  The reason why is because the other one is bigger, more seats although I've heard it's more packed during lunch.  Both are great places to grab lunch and breakfast though.  I go to both, but I end up at the other one more because it's on the way to work.  The lunch panini's and sandwiches are pretty good, but a little expensive.  I like Noah's though.  Even better, right now they are all into pumpkin because of the fall. Pumpkin schmear, pumpkin bagel, pumpkin walnut bagel, pumpkin latte, pumpkin iced blended. They even make their own whipped cream in the store!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2012,2/8/2013,167,191,7,9,10>I've been to A-Frame many times but honestly never enjoyed the environment. I must confess I have a deep hate for communal seating and A-Frame is all about dining with strangers.This time around we opted to be seated outside, yes with strangers, and I had a completely different experience. The patio was a perfect serene setting for a Thursday dinner. Our server rocked and was quite entertaining to say the least. Drinks came out in a steady pace, as did dinner. My drink of the night was "The Trick" a yummy pairing of tequila, cucumber, lime and chile salt. We started with two light bites, the pickled plate and kettle corn. I love both of the munching starters for various reasons. The pickled plate paired wonderfully with my drink. And who doesn't like kettle corn topped with furikake, red chili flakes and corn pops, yes corn pops. For dinner we share two entrees the beer can chicken and the swordfish tacos. Of the two the beer can chicken was my favorite. I dream of that chicken skin, it's was so crispy and delish with a light dip in the salsa verde. Plus the actual chicken is tender and juicy. The beer can chicken is a winner winner perfect chicken dinner in my book. The tacos were good but nothing to write home about. I was super stuffed but dessert was too tempting to pass. We shared the famous "Chu-Don't-Know-Mang" and a slice of the pie of the day, peach pie, with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Damn that churro-like pound cake took me back to my yummy Disneyland annual passholder days. And lets not forget to mention the pool of chocolate milk and vanilla ice cream in which you can dip your fried pound cake. You really Don't-Know-Mang until you try this desert. The pie was yummy too but the churro took the night away. If you go to A-frame I suggest asking for seating outside, the noise level is much more manageable in the patio. Try the kettle corn, go for the whole chicken and make room for the pound cake. Then sit back and process that yummy meal with a nice draft beer or cocktail
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,2/7/2013,157,340,7,11,10>I was pleasantly surprised with Plan Check. I had no expectations for the place since  I had seen mixed reviews before.We went for a quick lunch after the gym, and wow! they do a good burger. I had to have the truffle burger, the special of the day. The meat was cooked to order, juicy, well seasoned and the cheese and watercress with truffled aioli were just delicious.They had a nice mango soda, freshly made, that was very refreshing.We had the sweet potato waffle fries too. Although a bit oily, they were really good.The indoor decor is very industrial and cool. The outside patio is a great option for a more relaxed meal.The service was friendly and attentive.My only complain was the music. Like bad gym music.. very annoying. I wish the selection was a little more "grown up".I came back for dinner and tried the fried chicken. It was also very good. It came with a smoked thick gravy and a couple pickled okras.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,2/6/2013,130,532,8,12,11>Finally came here and the line wasn't out the door! Their shaved ice is really, really, really good! I got the original (even though I ordered taro) with oreo, strawberries, mochi, and condensed milk. They had the best mochi! I believe it was homemade because the texture was pretty smooth and not as chewy as say the mochi in Yogurtland. That was the highlight. For the month of October, for every "like" they get on Facebook they'll donate $1 to The Breast Cancer Research Foundation. How awesome is that?! So go like them on FB now! facebook.com/blockheadslaCash only =T
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,2/5/2013,190,125,17,11,9>Hello South Central!My friends from the bay visited this weekend. Now normally the plan is that when they visit, I stuff them silly on a custom made food tour of places I like to eat. Mitty C. and Yvonne K. wanted the best burgers LA had to offer, so... naturally, I took them to Watts. We went on a Saturday around 11AM. The building is a little dilapidated. The eating area is barred with a limited amount of benches. I didn't really enter it because I was slightly intimidated by a man (more on that man later) sitting inside yelling at people passing by. There were only two other people in front of us in line. We ordered two of the Hawkins Burgers (3 meat patties, 2 eggs, bacon, hot link, chili, pastrami, and a side of fries and a drink) for about $15/each. We got two extra drinks since there would be 4 of us (none of us were beast enough to attempt to challenge one mono a mono).Then we waited. The waiting is the hard part. Rome wasn't built in a day. That tower is a massive edible work of art and we ordered two. I can't tell you how long we waited but I can tell you it was more than 45 minutes. In that time we saw a sketchy older man (here he is) offering all his "black ******s" (i.e. not us) a sniff of something in a white paper bag (he hung out in the eating area after, shouting at everyone passing by), two women on the very large side wearing tight revealing clothing and their fuzzy red slippers, and a few men with neck tattoos in bulky leather jackets (it was a hot day). We also saw the lunch rush of metro workers grabbing a bite and women picking up burgers for the fam. During our time waiting outside, a woman came up to us and asked if we lived in the area. Then warned us that it wasn't a safe neighborhood and that we should get our food to go. So. It was interesting. Something pooped on my arm (bird? bug?) during this wait too. But while it was in a bad neighborhood and we stuck out like sore thumbs, we were good. No one talked to us except for a nice lady and her niece who were picking up some post-zumba meals.When our orders came up they were super nice and gave us extra fries for the long wait. We took the food back to my place for a quick impromptu food-porn photo shoot and then began the destruction. So... You cannot eat this burger whole. You have to deconstruct and reconstruct. Each portion is well cooked. The pastrami melts in your mouth. The bacon is crispy. The patties are juicy and cheesy. The lettuce, tomatoes, and onions are fresh. My friends and I used out hands and dug into the mess. It became a weird food orgy of stuffed faces and groans of pleasure. (We were super hungry.) In the end, we could not finish the burgers. They were just too massive. My car still smells like burgers and fries. Makes me hungry when I drive.Verdict: Awesome burger. Scary neighborhood. Totally worth it. P.S. The zumba lady told us we can call in orders. Next time.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,2/4/2013,235,206,15,18,16>This place is legit, totally undiluted paisa food!They roll up with a little salsa cart and serve it hot or mild. They will ask if you want some fresh made salsa with mango, garlic, cilantro, lemon, and the kitchen sink if you ask for it. They bring u an unlimited amount of nice warm crunchy tostadas as you wait to order. Everything sounds good & taste even better!I highly recommend the shrimp empanadas, some guacamole, and a tequila flight as an appetizer. While your dinner is made take in the really cool ambiance OCHO created with the really cool spanish tile floors, coral walls with rustic accents, and the up-beat music playing in the background. This place is great for small and large crowds, there are TV's by the bar for a chill after work hit & run, but most of all the service is phenomenal.Now if you still have space for dinner I recommend the chicken mole, and dessert is pretty bomb as well. They have a TRES LECHES CHEESE CAKE, boom! Now what you gonna do about that?!! Yup the only thing you can do, "Let them eat cheese cake!"
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2012,2/3/2013,601,374,13,26,16>I woke up yesterday with a strange, full-body, crazy scary raised, itchy rash. It was definitely an allergic reaction to something and definitely NOT cute.Completely freaked out, I yelped allergists and doctors and called each one. Nobody was open yet, so I found Watts Health Center and drove from Venice Beach to Compton hoping that my throat wouldn't close up along the way.Parking was plentiful and free. I ran into the Urgent Care unit where the receptionist took one look at my swollen, red, lumpy, itchy face and immediately called over a nurse to take my vitals.The nurse, Elaine, was the sweetest, kindest, friendliest darling and she helped me feel calmer about the whole situation. She had me relax in a room while she ran off to get a doctor and the nicest, most wonderful doctor I've ever come across in my life came in within 30 minutes."Oh honey, we can't have you looking all lumpy for Thanksgiving!" Dr. Morrison was funny and professional, warm and caring. I'd never experienced healthcare like this ever, IN MY LIFE (and -unfortunately- I've been to a couple hospitals in my day, including Cedars SInai).Roberto administered my shots and he was quick and efficient. Dr. Morrison gave me some ice packs to bring down the itching and swelling and she came back to check on me several times before calling in a prescription to the CVS across the street and discharging me.I do NOT have health insurance at the moment and was worried about what the total cost would be. Normally with insurance, the bill would be $895... But the total cost, out the door for me? $30. OMG.Yep. A "3" with one "0" after it. Seriously.Feeling less itchy, less lumpy, and much happier, I started wandering around the hospital looking for the cashier. One of the hospital employees noticed where I was going and here is how the exchange went:Nice staff worker: "Hi, you look lost. Can I help you find something?"Me: "Yes, please... I'm looking for the cashier so I can pay for my services today."Nice staff worker: "Sure, no problem! Follow me, I'll walk you there."Me: "Wow, thank you! This is seriously the hospital with the nicest staff that I've ever been to in my entire life. Everyone here is so friendly!!"Nice staff worker (chuckling): "Well, it takes a lot more energy to be mean than it does to be nice. In fact, when you're nice, that gives you more energy!"I nodded and decided to carry that with me the rest of the day/week/month/year/my life. Words of wisdom.I paid my $30 and left completely healed and nourished... Not just my body, but also my heart.Thank you, Watts Health Center in Compton. Your service and staff are unmatched and truly care... I'm a fan for life.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,2/2/2013,441,219,16,15,12>This review is one of the few reviews I've written in a long time that I've been anxiously waiting to write since I left the restaurant... A whole 40 minutes ago. An entire 40 minutes in the car reflecting on the amazing meal I had at Jose Antonio's. After an entire weekend of back to back episodes of No Reservations, my boyfriend and I made a point today to drive off the beaten path in search of a restaurant that was owned by the same family that cooks the meals, that takes pride in their country and their food. Granted I've never been to Peru (not yet...), but my boyfriend has, and I sort of had a heads-up on this restaurant through a Peruano friend that told me exactly what to order here. Needless to say, my friend was right. We had the ceviche mixto, the lomo saltado, milanesa de carne and the chicharrones de pollo. All highly recommended and not an item on those plates were anything less than amazing. First, the restaurant itself is off the beaten path. Unless you live in Chatsworth, and even there, you might overlook it and miss it. Make the trip to go. Make today your day to get in the car and treat yourself to something I'm sure you've never eaten before, and if you have, is not as good as this. Jose Antonio's is in a small strip mall. The decor is minimal. It's small. But it has all the right components to make it your favorite lunch or dinner spot. Even the service is warm and friendly. My server was a total doll, and took the time to tell us a little about the sauces and the way things are traditionally eaten in Peru. THIS MAKES ME HAPPY! The ceviche was probably the best I've ever had outside of my abuelita's ceviche and that's saying a lot. We had the ceviche mixto, which comes with squid, fish and shrimp. We ordered it spicy and to my surprise I was able to still taste the fish, get that sharpness of acidity from the naranja agria (at least I think that's what they used) and the heat from the chilies. That recipe is perfectly balanced. I'm going to have to go there over and over until I figure out how to make it myself. My boyfriend and I asked for seconds on the bread just to sop up all the ceviche juices. Anything with chicharrones in the name you can't go wrong. It's meat. It's fatty meat. It's fried. Your arteries hurt after but who cares? It's DELICIOUS. I don't know how they marinade it --- probably with soy, garlic and who knows what else but holy goodness. I could eat that all day long. The milanesa de carne was delicious. I've grown up with milanesa, but served the Cuban way. The Peruvian way comes with french fries AND rice with a fried egg on top. I grew up with eggs on rice. But WITH french fries and milanesa... Cmon Cubanos, the peruanos beat you here! Mmmmm. Creamy egg yolk mixed in everything and then smothered in that delicious green chile sauce that goes on everything. So good. Now, for me, the absolute star was the Lomo Saltado. Think chinese-style marinated beef, mixed with steak cut fries, peppers and grilled onions. I'm salivating even though I'm full just thinking about it again. It just makes me happy, plain and simple. It's like one of those dishes you need to experience to understand. It's like a handful of ingredients that normally don't pack a punch suddenly come together in this harmonious and flavorful way you'd never expect. As you can see, I'm a huge fan of Jose Antonio's. I hope all of you that read this take the time to go there and experience what I did. It's really THAT good.EDIT AND A NOTE TO OTHER USERS: I'm a little mind blown as to how many ignoramuses have posted comments about the mixture of Chinese and Peruvian cuisine. Clearly none of you have studied any sort of South American history, no have you studied nutritional anthropology or food history. So while I don't need to give you an entire history lesson on the Chinese influence of Peru, let's sum it up with this example: The Chinese are to Peru like the Italians and Germans are to America. If you don't get it, stop pretending to be a foodie and go back to eating McDs. You deserve nothing more than that.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,2/1/2013,1821,475,11,9,10>Don't dare sleep on the fresh peach pie at Jongewaards!  In fact don't even press snooze.  Wake your sleepy ass up and grab yourself a whole pie if not 2 because these bad boys are easily the best pies in LA...or don't and leave more for me! PS. if you're not a peach man then the lemon lush is one bad mother fucker!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/31/2013,174,118,13,58,22>No Christmas is complete without a nice evening viewing some of the amazing home decorations around LA.  This is one of the oldest and best around.  The lights go up by the second Saturday of December, here are some tips to make this a great experience!1)  Walk it, don't drive!  Traffic can be very bad here, and getting stuck in a line of cars for hours is going to kill the experience.  Drive to Tampa Ave, exit the freeway, and then follow my parking and walking directions below:yelp.com/biz_photos/cand…2) Want something to fight the chill?  Stop by Starbucks before you park, I circled this on the map above.3) They have food vendors at different places, so bring some cash if you would like to try them out.  I saw the Funnel Cake food truck there last night!4) Not all the houses participate, so there are sections that are pretty dark.  Don't be discouraged, there are plenty more lights around the next  corner!Overall this walk could take you about 1-2 hours depending on how much you stop and gaze at the decorations.  Have fun and bring some friends!!!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/30/2013,386,490,7,22,12>I spent a beautiful and relaxing afternoon at Trilogy Spa :) My friend Jasmine from Zenka Nails is so sweet and left a gift certificate for me for a 50 minute full body massage...and I am so appreciative because tranquility is exactly what I needed. My massage appointment was at 4pm but when the receptionist called to confirm my appointment she advised that I arrive early to enjoy the spa amenities...so, I did just that. I arrived at 3:15p and was greeted by the lovely Nicole who gave me a tour of the spa. She took me up the stairs and to the waiting area then showed me the ladies locker/spa room...very impressive! The halls that led to different rooms were low lit with candles along the side of the floor, rocks/pebbles, and all was quiet...I was pleased. As she walked me into the ladies room I honestly thought it was going to be bathroom stalls with some lockers...I was so wrong. It was a little slice of heaven...bathroom stalls, showers, bath tubs, sauna, lockers, robes, towels, sandals, toiletries, hair dryer, and a peaceful environment. Made me wish I had arrived even earlier. I undressed, changed into my robe, sat in the sauna for 15 minutes, and walked out a few minutes before 4pm to the waiting area.The waiting area is small, with some couch seating, a beautiful aquarium, magazines, fruit, water, and tea. There is a big outside lounge area that is perfect for a summer day because the ocean in nearby but I decided to stay warm inside. I sipped on some tea with honey and relaxed for a bit before the masseuse arrived.The masseuse, Ana, is very sweet and kind...I was extremely grateful to meet her! She was all smiles and spoke in a calming way that made me feel completely at ease. She asked me what area she should concentrate on the most and how much pressure I wanted. She massaged every limb of my body from my scalp to my pinky toe...I loved it! After the massage was over she walked me back to the ladies locker room and I just wanted to hug her, I felt completely relaxed.The spa offers a free body scrub in the ladies room so I decided to take a shower. I was basically by myself with the exception of the maid. I was going to ask her to draw me a bath but I did have to get going...next time! Overall, it was an amazing experience! The staff was awesome, the amenities were great, and the massage was wonderful. I definitely would love to return and Ana gave me a 10% off my next appointment :)Tips: Metered parking (bring quarters)Make sure to bring CASH for tipsArrive early to enjoy all amenitiesDrink plenty of water! There are pitchers located everywhere.Enjoy!!!! :)
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,1/29/2013,209,142,9,10,11>My first visit was 5 stars. The second was 3 stars. For now, 800 Degrees Pizzeria is 4 stars. The price is right for getting a fresh pizza for under $10. I like the Bianca Pizza with cherry tomatoes and extra basil, garlic, and chile. The first time I ordered this it had too much olive oil, but was full of garlic chile flavor. The second time, they messed up the pizza and remade it without asking me. It came out without the extra garlic, any chile, and no basil. It only had the cherry tomatoes. When I complained they gave me two containers of chile i could add on top. It helped, but wasn't what I ordered and didn't taste the same. The pesto and tomato burrata is good, too. I love fresh mozzarella cheese. Parking is meters on the street. Good luck. You'll need that luck when looking for a seat, too. During lunch or dinner, plan 20-40 minutes for the line.A third visit is needed to find out if 800 Degrees equals 3 stars or more.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,1/28/2013,474,445,16,20,16>Finally! A review to get excited about! It has been some time since I have actually had anything nice to say about anyone and while I haven't been following the old adage of "if you don't have anything nice to say," I must acknowledge it is more fun to pound out a few words when you are enthusiastic about the product vs in angry consumer mode.So, it seems sorta weird to say out loud, but I have lived in this neighborhood for almost 12 years and this was the first time I have stepped into this space. Now, sure Creperie La Rue is barely a month old so that in and of itself is not strange. What you need to understand, is the back story, to truly know why this visit was a monumentus occasion.You see, over the years, the space currently occupied by CLR has masked itself as many other restaurants, none of which ever opened. That is right, you read that correctly. This space must hold the current world record for restaurants that have started construction and posted signage, never to open. It has become a running joke in the neighborhood that the property owner must certainly be laundering money. How else could this be explained?Fast forward to today and now this space boasts a legitimate eatery. The bride and I went there for lunch. It was good to see a few other customers in the place but they can sure use more. This neighborhood is a fickle one, but after tasting the food, I think once people discover it, they will come. Hey, it worked for Kevin Costner, right?The atmosphere is sophisticated, yet casual. They did a nice job with the decorations. The wife and I did chuckle wondering how much of it the current occupants did vs. the multitudes of those that have come and gone before under the cover of darkness?The menu was straightforward, not too complicated (Ramsey would approve) and the staff was very friendly. I went with the Cordon La Rue sandwich, which consists of a pounded cordon blue baked chicken breast that is also then fried, accompanied with thick, smokey applewood bacon, a peach glaze, spinach, onions and more. It was so flipping fantastic, it surely had to have been extremely bad for me. And, I liked it!The bride had a nice, healthy salad option. I applaud her for her commitment to herself and health, although I am sure I had the better lunch and am therefore a happier human being because of it.We cannot wait to return for breakfast. Maybe I will order a salad? On second thought? Naw!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,1/27/2013,1137,317,17,19,19>Holy macarons! I've worked a block away from Vanilla Bake Shop for the past two years and am flabbergasted that I didn't discovered it earlier!I don't have much of a sweet tooth, but I crave their delectable macarons on a weekly basis. I don't think I knew what macarons were until Vanilla Bake Shop. Thank you French pastry chefs! How did I survive the last 20 something odd years the joys of macarons? They're so moist and they melt in your mouth. Plus, you can get a cute box of them here for $18. The perfect treat!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/26/2013,2650,519,13,23,20>When I found out I was going to Peru and hike the Incan trail to Machu Picchu, I knew I was in trouble because I had to stock up on hiking gear. My girlfriends that I was going with already had everything since they're avid hikers, divers, snorklers, snow-boarders, etc. etc (bitches, lol). Then comes lil ol me with only one pair of tennis shoes to my name. Those girls were no joke and wrote up a full page of items I needed to get. Unfortunately I couldn't rely on Amazon since I actually needed to see & try on the items that I'm getting. AND as an avid procrastinator, I only had one week to fulfill my list (mind you, I knew about Peru a year ahead)...ooops, my bad!I had to divide & conquer the list fast and I was on a mission! I went to the same store 4 times during that week.First off, I was quite thrown off by the prices and it was a gentle reminder of the last time I stepped into REI 6 years ago. But then I had to get my priorities straight cause I'd spend a lot more money on shoes & purses. It was IMPERATIVE that I get good gear cause I was not gonna get hurt or get stranded in the middle of the Incan trail cause I had cheap hiking boots!  The customer service has got to be one of the best I've ever experienced. My shout outs go to Pete for helping me choose my Solomons Hiking Boots and to Isela for my camelback day-pack. I knew nothing going in 4 days prior but came out with a wealth of knowledge.I probably spent close to $1000 and I really did buy the basic necessities which included hiking boots, camelback, sleeping bag liner, socks & gloves, a poncho, headlamp, electrolyte powders & protein bars, convertible hiking pants and UV shirts.   I came back from Peru in one piece and I had to say I pretty much used everything to the fullest! Those hiking boots saved my butt on so many occasions! I am an REI member now.....and they have excellent return policy good for a lifetime. I ended up returning the headlamp and a sleeping bag liner but kept everything else. I guess I'll just have to hike more often now that I'm all geared up!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,1/25/2013,1682,713,24,29,28>Okay, so I've been on somewhat of a ramen search these days after finally getting over an episode involving ramen a few years back.  I have to say, after trying this place today, I can definitely say that this is currently my favorite ramen joint...for now.  It may not remain number 1 because I do intend to try other ramen houses around L.A. but it will definitely be up there in my top 5!!I came here for lunch around 12:30 pm on a weekday and didn't find it difficult to find a seat at all.  I suppose it was easier since I was dining solo for lunch so I just grabbed a seat at the counter where they had many chairs available.I can see if you were a group of two or more, there could probably be a long wait as others have stated in their reviews because the place isn't all that big having one community table, a few other tables and an area where you could actually eat on the floor with your shoes off.  But for lunch, it wasn't hard to find a place at all.I though the ambiance was cool and rocking with the music blaring in the background and the servers all yelling their welcomes and other things during my meal. I enjoyed it because it gave the place a lot of energy.  The tonkotsu style, which is served here, is one where the soup is made from a simmered pork bone broth served with wheat noodles and comes with some sort of meat.  You could also add different toppings in your soup for $1.00 to $2.50 such as egg, roe, extra chasu, corn, and bamboo.  You can also get extra noodles for $0.99.They serve lunch in sets where you can get a bowl of tonkotsu ramen noodles with ginger, green onions, and pork char siu and then a side of either gyoza, fried rice, spam musubi, or some different rice bowls.    I selected the S Set which was the ramen soup with a chicken bowl as a side.  I also added an egg and the Karamiso (spicy miso) as extra topping for my soup.I was handed a little piece of paper where I could check off the way I wanted my ramen prepared such as the firmness of the noodles, how much oil and the type of broth I wanted in my soup.  I went with hard noodles, normal oil and normal broth.  I guess the difference in broth is how flavorful or salty you want it.They set the side chicken bowl in front of me first yelp.com/user_local_phot…This bowl was delicious.  I loved the slightly sweetened chicken and the eggs and ginger over rice with some nori (seaweed) strips hidden underneath.  I just mixed it all up and it was so delicious.They then handed me a little plate of the karamiso to be added to my bowl of ramen yelp.com/user_local_phot…Finally, the piece de resistance came out which was this yelp.com/user_local_phot…I tried some of the broth before adding the spicy miso paste and I felt like I died and went to heaven.  It was really flavorful!  I then added the spicy miso because I knew it would only make it better.  This bowl was so good I was a happy little camper.  The noodles were perfect hard and I knew I was hooked on this place.I'm so glad I came to here for lunch because now I know what I had been missing out on for years now.  It makes me really want to try as many places as possible but since this place is good and close by, I know I'll be coming back here a lot.I don't know what all the other reviewers were complaining about regarding the service because I thought they had great service here as there were about three  different servers dashing all over the place who were hip and friendly.  They all spoke Japanese but also spoke English very well which was much appreciated.  I was attended to quite well!If you're looking for a quiet and intimate place, this isn't it.  However, if you're looking for a great bowl of tonkotsu ramen, you need to come here.  Get the spicy miso if you want to add a kick but I don't think you can go wrong with any of the Sets that are offered.  I'm a fan and will definitely be back.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,1/24/2013,791,331,17,22,20>This is for CHRISTMAS TREE shopping only, well and maybe the massive assortment of poinsettias, white and red in just about every size. For about half the price of what you pay at a corner Christmas tree lot, Lowe's has you covered. The abundance of fresh trees in various sizes and various costs are all well laid out, and easy to pick through. The cost is based on the height of the tree.yelp.com/biz_photos/lowe…They have extra holiday staff and you can pay at the Garden Center so you don't even need to go into the main store. yelp.com/biz_photos/lowe…You just pull a tag off the tree you want and pay, they had mine trimmed up and fresh cut the bottom by the time I walked back outside. They wrap it in netting making it easier to handle, and have both plastic( to protect your car) and twine to tie down the trees too. I can't say enough about how easy and efficient their process is at Lowe's.St. Nick would be proud, nice job on starting off the holiday season with a Merry Christmas tree purchase.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,1/23/2013,4921,523,19,20,22>Another holiday party, another open bar. This time I had a glass (or two) of Joseph Phelps cab, Oban on ice, and a whiskey sour. This girl can drink.The view is amazing here. You can see Santa Monica beach from all sides. A definite party spot.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,1/22/2013,750,550,27,32,30>I was super nervous about going to the dentist, but mi amiga referred me to her and the experience was pretty incredible.Your health is like running shoes, never skimp.  Pay for the good stuff, because in the end its worth it.  (I learned this the hard way when I went and bought some cheap running shoes from walmart and it was a waste of 25 bucks, because I wore them once and never again because they felt like Satan was nipping at my feet.)I felt at ease instantly because all the staff are so friendly and really personable.  The pristine smiles all felt genuine and warm, especially Joan the office manager.  I unclenched (my butthole) just a little.. because they were so nice and explained everything in detail and even gave me some schooling on things I should do at home like FLOSSING.  ughSheila worked on my teeth first, and she gave me some tips and a little education on what was happening inside my mouth (other than the party)  She was so thorough with my cleaning, and she addressed all the issues I had.  She took her time, and even asked if I needed a breather in between or headphones to drown out the grinding sounds.Then the dentist let's call her Bo, came in and went over my xrays with me.  She was so personable and really took her time explaining everything and answering all my questions.  I was fascinated with her glasses, but I thought it would be rude to ask to try them on...lol.After the xray's I had some whitening done, and they took so much care and attention to everything.  They even turned on one of my favorite movies to watch so I wouldn't be bored!  Memoirs of a Geisha made all the tingling go away :)I haven't been to the dentist in years, but after this experience I've realized I've never been to a real dentist before.  I've been neglecting my teeth going to fix it quick doctors, not someone who's thorough and patient.  I never realized dentists offices worked like this.  High Bar set.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,1/21/2013,521,286,24,23,24>Now I am a Spice Girl.  Scary, perhaps. When we visited Penzey's Spices, the lovely Penzey sales person seemed more like a lifestyle concierge, offering to bring out the wild (Szechuan Peppercorns) and the pedestrian (minced onions).  Are you a grinder? Ah, then whole nutmeg is your thing. I bought a bag full of the little spinners.  And I'm not the least bit ashamed!   Mark that down, whoever is keeping track of these things. If you live near a Penzey Spice and you're still buying McCormick or the like at a grocery store, you are dotty.  Or worse, if you go to foo-foo places like Williams-Sonoma online, you will pay more than double plus shipping for the same thing. (Example, online Williams-Sonoma Tellicherry Black Peppercorns $13 for 5 oz. or $2.60/oz. plus shipping   vs.   Penzey's $4.89 for 4 oz. or $1.23 oz.).   My personal favorite: Spanish Smoked Paprika.  Replace your current red powder with this glamorous dame and you will be the King of Morocco.  Not sure if they have a King, but cook with this treasure and you will be next in line.  Penzey is equally hippie and bourgeois, but not overpriced based on the quality.  The smell inside is amazing and enough to cheer me up on a bad day.  Second only to the Hershey's plant in Hershey, Pennsylvania. At the counter are free bumper stickers that say, "Love People, Cook them Tasty Food." Hmm, ok that is the only dotty populist thing here.  But overall, 3 cheers for finding a way to be successful where rents must be high with such a niche-y product.  This is also a great place to buy a gift for someone you love.  Put one of these little 1- or 2-oz. bottles in a gift bag and your recipient will not only think you spent a fortune, but also they can cook tasty food for their loved ones.  It's still a stupid bumper sticker.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,1/19/2013,3170,1316,26,30,26>**MAKE-SURE-SOMEONE ELSE-IS-PAYING-FOR-YOUR-LUNCH SPOT**Much hype, YES.Expensive, YES.Best lunch in Santa Monica, NO.Parked easily in front of the restaurant (metered 2 hour parking).Sat in a Denny's-like booth for 6 people. Very cozy.The doors opened at NOON and we had NOON NERDY reservations for a business party of 6.ORDERED:**CHILLED JUMBO PRAWNS w/ lime cocktail sauce ($15) This was my favorite entree. Jumbo, sweet, and delicious with the tangy sauce.**CLASSIC CAESAR ($11)Very boring and bland. For $11, I expected freshly grated cheese and a kick-ass dressing. None of the above. Boo.**6 OZ. PETITE FILET w/ brussel sprout has and herbed butter ($22)Perfect size for me. It was cooked perfectly (medium rare) and the hash and butter were satisfying add-ons.PLEASE NOTE: Did not order any carby foods, alcohol, or dessert due to a form-fitting outfit  for upcoming Comic Con.It was a gratifying lunch, but definitely not everyday food.RECOMMEND for business groups and functions.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,1/17/2013,1441,859,38,54,43>What Chef Tom Colicchio lacks in hair, he makes up in cooking skills!  FIVE STARS for Craft restaurant!  This continues to be one of my favorite restaurants in Los Angeles!I had the pleasure of hosting a business dinner at Craft.  The staff are professional, well-groomed, polite, and always offer top-notch service.  Nothing was missed.There are a wide selection of drinks here, which make for a fun evening!  Two of us drank the Pinot Noir, Evening Land, Seven Springs Vineyard, 2008, Eola-Amity-Hills ($20/glass)   Grade:  A-Another ordered the Cabernet Sauvignon, Elyse, Tietjen Vineyard , 2007, Napa Valley ($25/glass).  I was told this was outstanding.Another ordered the Sauvignon Blanc, Domaine Philippe Gilbert, 2010, Menetou-Salon ($16) and she was very happy with it!Ordering here can be fun if you either eat only what you order, or if you are dining with people who like exactly the types of food that you want to order.  You choose a portfolio of a first, main, and side dishes to compose your meal.Before eating, we were given an amuse bouche, which was a couscous with nuts.  Delicious!For a first course, we ordered the Veal Sweetbreads & Fig ($18).  Three nugget sized sweetbreads delivered on a bed of fig reduction and topped with dill.  The sweetbreads had a smoked flavoring to it, in addition to it being deep fried. Grade:  B+Another first course was the Endive salad with orange, & candied pecans ($14).  I'm not a huge fan of endive, but this salad was well prepared and tasty. The endive was cut into thin long strips and tossed with oranges, pecans, and other veggies.  Grade:  A-Another first course was the baby beet salad & goat cheese ($15).  Not your ordinary beet salad.  But, this one was made with three kinds of fresh beets, cut into nice bitesized pieces.  Beautiful presentation, nice flavors, and fun to look at and eat.  Grade:  A-For the first main course, we had the Black Cod, Spek & Heirloom Beans ($30).  This dish was served as two pieces of black cod wrapped and baked to tenderness.  The fish was flavorfull and the dish was well presented.   I had a minor complaint about the dish, whereby the fish flesh was very tender and mushy.  Little flavor to the fish.  Grade:  BAnother main course was the Diver Scallops & Vermouth Butter ($29).  Each serving was given 3 diver scallops seared in a nice mini copper pan, topped with a delicious butter glaze.  The scallops were cooked to perfection - seared on the outside, and a bit white-pink on the inside.  Tender.  Grade:  A!Another main course was the Liberty Farm Duck ($36).  This dish was the highlight of my meal!  It was served as a whole duck breast that was baked / seared so that the outside skin was crunchy and the inside meat was pink juicy.  Served in a copper skillet with a wonderful sauce.  I wanted to lick the dish.  Grade:  A+We ordered four sides:  The first side was the Brussel Sprouts & Bacon ($13).  Delivered to the table was a little copper skillet with brussel sprouts that were broiled / charred with bacon and butter.  Nice crunch and texture to the sprouts!  Grade:  BAnother side was the Assorted Mushrooms ($16), which consisted of a combination of Oyster, Baby Shiitake, Trumpet Royale, and Hen of the Woods mushrooms.  This dish was another highlight of the night.  Cooked in butter perfectly!  Grade:  AAnother side wasPotato Gnocci ($10).  A small portion of freshly made potato gnocci was cooked in butter.  This dish was perhaps the least-favorite of our table.  The gnocci was very very mushy and barely held it's form.  Texture was bad, as it tasted like eating an over-cooked piece of bread ball.  Grade:  D.Desserts ROCKED.  We were first given a dessert amouse bouche of a grape gratin.  OMGDELICIOUS!  It was grape ice in a cup and super delicious!  fun to eat!  Grade:  A-!Our first dessert was the Lemon Pudding and Vanilla ice cream ($12).  I'm not a big lemon or pudding fan, but this dessert was outstanding.  Lemon pudding/cake served with vanilla ice cream and topped with a passion fruit reduction.  Grade:  A-Our second dessert was the Chocolate Souffle ($12).  Made in 7 minutes FLAT!  Served in a little copper pot, delightful chocolate cake-like deliciousness.  I have to say I was a bit dissapointed in this dish.  Inside was fluffy, and I was expecting some molten chocolate but there was none.  Served with mocha ice cream, which was delicious!  Grade:  B-.Our third dessert was the Pink Peppercorn Ice Cream ($6).  OMGAMAZING! Subtile pepper ice cream with a rich smooth finish!  A masterpiece that you MUST try!  Grade:  A+At the end of the night, we were each given a take home treat of cornbread!Craft offers fine-dining and class.  At the top of my kudos for this review was our server, Michael.  He was very attentitive and polite to my guests and he anticipated our every need.  Service Grade:  AFood Grade:  A-Service Grade:  A+Worth The Money Grade:  A-Overall Impression Grade:  A-
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,1/16/2013,397,211,6,9,7>I went here for an event to see a New Zealand jazz big band.  It is a great venue for a smaller show, but we arrived about 15 minutes prior to the show starting and that seemed to be 15 minutes too late because it was full.  Fortunately, there was space at the side of the bar, but only had a partial view of the stage.  It worked out okay because the sound was great and they did have TVs to view the stage during the show.  The customer service was so accommodating, from finding us extra chairs, to cleaning of the sticky floor where I was standing, and making sure we were okay throughout our visit without overdoing it.  We had done some pre-eating at another nearby location, so we went light... somewhat.  We ordered the ahi cucumber role with a wasabi aoili and fresh ginger.  It was refreshing and great, but it is a small portion so if you have a ravenous appetite, order more food.  Midway we ordered the S'mores Dip... Oh my... even my friend who is not a fan of s'mores fell in love with it.  They use Ghiradelli chocolate, with marshmallows heated from the top, and crispy graham crackers.  We both couldn't get over how delicious it tasted and paired really well with a glass of red wine.  We did have to ask for more graham crackers as the ratio of chocolate to marshmallow was much greater.The only pet peeve I had was that they allowed the bathroom assistant, at least in the ladies room.  As much as I understand that people need to make money its hard for me to want to tip someone when I can put soap on my hands and grab a paper towel all by myself, thank you very much!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,1/15/2013,795,513,2,8,5>This place has been on my radar for some time and we finally got the chance to try it out a few weeks ago. We stopped in for a quick bite after we ran a few errands. It was a lazy Sunday afternoon and was surprised that the place was pretty empty aside from a few patrons sipping on coffee and working on their laptops. The place is cute, very modest with a few tables and chairs. My hubby is half colombian and his mom makes these delicious airy breads made out of cornmeal called arepas. The colombian version though, is full of cheese and then they slather it with butter which isn't something I'd crave everyday. Apparently these are bolivian arepas which are very crispy and light and filled with different types of fillings from tuna, pork to vegetables. These bad boys were a bit on the pricey side, around $5 a pop which seems a bit outrageous but definitely tasty so it was worth it.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/14/2013,444,178,7,7,7>Well, if you know me, you know I have no sense of direction. None. Nada. Zip. Zero. Yeap, I still manage to get lost even WITH google maps, smh. Sigh. So, yesterday I was craving something sweet and stumbled upon fellow yelper Michael H.'s check-in at this place. "It's in Encino?" I thought. "Perfect!" Of course I've literally driven past this place a gazillion times & never knew it was there. So I googled it and STILL couldn't find it while I was in the damn shopping center! :-/ So, I called the place and the nice guy on the other end pointed me in the right direction. :) lolWe walked in and my eyes were met by rows of beautifully prepared pastries, perfectly lined up and calling my name. "I'll have one of each!" I wanted to say. But, I had to practice self-restraint. No fun. I'm a lover of dark chocolate so when he showed me a delectable treat made with dark chocolate & rum, I was sold. I also tried a mini creme brulee. My daughter picked out something with white chocolate mousse and a couple of mini m&m cookies, and off we went. I would love to say that I continued to practice self-restraint and waited until I got home to try one of these delicious treats, but nope, that's not the case. I delved into the heavenly, tiny cup of creme brulee in the car. Yeap, I sure did. My tastebuds exploded with every sweet, creamy, savory bite. Aaaamaaaaazing. My sweet tooth monster was finally appeased. *satiated smile*This little shop is super cute, organized & clean. Can't wait to go back. :)
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2012,1/13/2013,618,176,10,12,11>I have officially found one of my favorite thai massage spa that HURTS SO GOOD.I usually don't care how nice or fancy a spa is, it's the quality of the massage that counts!  This is precisely your hole in the wall thai massage that truly gets work done on your body.   I came here when they were originally $35/hr which was the cheapest I have found around the West Los Angeles area for a full body massage.  Now it is $40/hr but it is still at great competitive pricing compared to other thai massage places.   I suggest you to make a reservation in advance since the staffing is more minimal.  I highly recommend the owner Jackie who is extremely sweet, strong, and hits all the right spots.  Another favorite for those who can like a strong massage is Andy, I believe he is only there on weekends.  He will knead your knots and melt away all the tight spots.  This place is not for the weaklings who wants oil just rubbed around their back, Thai Aroma Spa will massage and stretch you leaving the place all loosey goosey. One of my hidden gems that I continuously go back to and am never disappointed.Parking: Turn into a very narrow alley near the bakery and they have a few spots in the back next to a nail salon.  Otherwise there's metered parking.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,1/12/2013,392,810,7,11,8>I'm not sure what I envisioned in my head but the restaurant was much different than I anticipated. I thought it was going to be tight and comfy and a little grungy. Instead it's big and airy with a semi-upscale vibe. Definitely a surprise but that happens. We were seated promptly and our waitress (who was training someone at the time) was super helpful and pleasant the entire evening. My mom ordered a glass of wine and our waitress kindly steered me toward the rum runner. Our drinks were out quickly but we still took a little more time to make our decisions. We ended up ordering strictly appetizers and sides. After hearing that the notorious killer shrimp was about an 8/10 on the spice scale I just didn't know if I was up for it (but I sort of regret that decision). Mom and I shared a plethora of foods. We had baja fish tacos, bleu cheese mashed potatoes, roasted asparagus, lobster mac and cheese, mango wedge salad and killer clam chowder. We looked like gluttons but it was totally worth it. If I was required to kick two things off our order I would probably ditch the mango wedge salad and the lobster mac and cheese.Baja Fish Tacos: fish was fresh and cooked to perfection. Pretty decent stuff. 4/5Bleu Cheese Mashed Potatoes: Gah. My mom said this should be illegal in some states. It was something totally new but absolutely perfect. I loved it very much. 5/5Roasted Asparagus: Just what you would expect. Good crisp on them. Wonderfully prepared. 5/5Lobster Mac and Cheese: Very cheesy and I had plenty of lobster in my bites. But still, it was a little one noted and needed a kick of some other spice. Maybe cayenne. Good but definitely not as good as it could have been. 2/5Mango Wedge Salad: Not enough mango for me. Salad was good. Dressing with egg and bacon. All fine and everything but I was hoping for a more tropical kick. 3/5Killer Clam Chowder: Very delicious. Perfectly prepared. Didn't even need any seasoning. There was corn and potatoes in it too. So scrumptious. 5/5 Next time, taste buds be damned, I want to give that killer shrimp a try. Maybe I can handle it, maybe not. But I definitely want to find out. I must take the killer shrimp challenge!!Once it was all said and done. With six sides/appetizers and two drinks our total was about $70. It wasn't cheap but not super terrible for a dinner out. I'd do it again. (especially if my mommy pays!)
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/27/2012,1/11/2013,495,527,9,9,9>For a QUICKIE lunch, The Stand is a pretty safe choice!Q - Quick and friendly serviceU - Unbeatable prices (compared the shops along the same strip) I - Insanely good brownies baked fresh daily!C - Cold brews sold here & deals for happy hour!K - Kick @$$ kitchen (you can see what they are cooking)I - Indoor and outdoor seating!E - Easy phone orders (pick up or delivery)You won't get your burger or hotdog on a King's Hawaiian bun like Dog Haus (yelp.com/biz/dog-haus-pa…). If you are a frequent customer, you can purchase a Stand Card to save 5% on your purchases (up to $50 a day/person).Pro Tip: You can place your order early and pick up before the lunch crowd!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/10/2013,360,425,14,15,15>A walnut red bean puff? Never heard of it til I saw Jenn G's review. The photos didn't prepare me at all.  I stood, stared at boxes and bags, then compared  prices. All were very affordable.  A medium size was $12, so I got that.  I waited as they are made to order and there were a few people ahead of me.  The very friendly lady offered me a sample (I was confused I didn't know that was it as it was wrapped in paper and was so small) and she warned me it was hot. I felt it and it was warm, so thought it would be ok. I popped it in mouth. BAD IDEA as the red bean exploded and burned my mouth.  My face was so red and the lady apologized, but I just nodded as it was my fault! I should've listened. LOL.Notice they are more like cream puffs, but much smaller. Almost like a tootsie pop sized. Great tasting desserts at a good price in a nice clean cafe. I even had a few the next day which were cold, but still very tasty and soft.  Good find!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,1/9/2013,719,388,10,16,15>Simply the best.I feel like 5 stars is an honor. You've really done everything that you could... You've pulled out all the stops. In my humble opinion, Barlo Kitchen + Cocktails, in the Hotel Erwin, rocks a solid five stars.((This will be long, but worth it... Skip thru the headers, if ya must))**Breakfast: EGGS BENEDICT**I was staying at the Hotel Erwin and decided in the morning to try the Eggs Benedict from the restaurant in the lobby. Now, mind you, I am an E/B aficionado--I live for the stuff. So, when I saw they had "ham" instead of "Canadian Bacon," I was a bit bummed. I noticed they also offer apple-smoked bacon. When I asked if I could sub out the ham for bacon, they kindly said it wouldn't be a problem at all. I ordered it for take-out.Normally, the thought of taking E/B to go repulses me, but I was a few floors up and figured it would maintain its goodness. And it did. Oh my lawd, it did. Everything about this E/B was PERFECT, from the crispy English muffin to the perfectly poached egg and epic Hollandaise. Among the top Eggs Benedicts I've EVER had, certainly the best I've had from a "hotel restaurant." It was served with roasted potatoes which were good, but the Eggs Benedict was a triumph. (yelp.com/biz_photos/TY_2…)**Dinner: SNACKS-n-BURGERS**After a night of drinking, my belly ached for something else from the kitchen that had impressed me so much earlier that morning. My gf and I decided on the Bacon-Carmel Popcorn (yelp.com/biz_photos/TY_2…), A Wedge salad, and a Barlo Burger. Everyone spoke highly of the burger, so I expected to be disappointed due to all the hype, as FEW people can truly cook a burger. (yelp.com/biz_photos/TY_2…)BEST BURGER I've had in months! I don't know if they make the meat in-house, or if they just buy a perfect mix, but the patty was SO juicy and tender. No chewy knots that come with lower grade burgers. Cooked to perfection, warm and RED in the middle, and seared on the outside, this was the "burger that launched a thousand ships." (yelp.com/biz_photos/TY_2…)The salad and the popcorn were very innovative and delicious, don't get me wrong. But the last couple years of my life were eclipsed by the burger. I don't know where time went. It was like I stepped out of my body and watched myself devour this perfect creation. Time stood still. **PROPS**Barlo... You've managed to make an enthusiastic fan of me after one meal. After two meals, I'd slay dragons to get another burger. Thanks for the best food I've EVER had in any hotel I've ever been to, from Germany to Japan, and everywhere in between. And thanks for what was easily the best burger I've had in a year. Wish I lived closer, but I have a feeling I will be back for seconds. And after that, who knows?... I'll marry your burger, move to a ranch in Montana, and raise little baby burgers.Can't blame a guy for dreaming. :)
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,1/8/2013,5000,856,14,21,13>Just about two weeks ago I observed a new review published under the 'New Reviews near you' header on Yelp, the review was for a place called 'Slaw Dogs.' Being a HUGE fan of sauerkraut I had to click on it. After reading the reviews on Yelp of Slaw Dogs and watching video clips of the Food Network visiting Slaw Dogs paying this place a visit was a MUST. I told my friend about what I had discovered on Yelp and we planned on having an early dinner at Slaw Dogs yesterday (07-22-2012). We left the South Bay at 1:00pm (Side note it was 71 degrees), we arrived at Slaw Dogs at 1:30pm (Side note it was 104 degrees). We parked in a parking lot just adjacent to Slaw Dogs. Coming from the South Bay our only option for Hot Dogs is Wienerschnitzel which to me is also pretty much disgusting. We walked into Slaw Dogs and were pleasantly surprised to see Tons of different options to choose from. We told the cashier this was our first time visiting Slaw Dogs and asked what was popular and what she recommended. The cashier suggested a few items but honestly I think both of our minds were made up on what to order days prior after visiting Slaw Dogs menu online. We ordered a 1/2 order Slaw Dogs spin on Tater Tots which are called Slaw Tots & 1/2 order of Onion Rings both well done with no salt to share. I order two Hot Dogs wrapped in bacon both well done, with sauerkraut & mustard on 1 whole wheat bun. My friend ordered the #7 The Rueben Dog which is basically a Rueben sandwich on Grilled Marble rye with a Spicy Polish Vienna hot dog split down the middle in the middle of the sandwich. We got water to drink; our bill was just about $23.00. We were provided a number placard for our table and awaited our food. Shortly after sitting down the cashier came to our table to advise us that they were out of Slaw Tots and that they only had Sweet Potato Tots which we declined. We asked for French fries instead also well done with no salt. The cashier came back to our table several minutes later with our Onion Rings which were cooked to perfection; the cashier advised us that it would be a little bit of a wait on the French fries because the cook had salted our fries. The French fries were brought to our table several minute later, they were good but in my opinion well done means super crispy and the fries fell a tad short of that. Our food was brought out and BOY oh BOY ordering two Hot dogs was a BIG mistake. I assumed that the Hot dogs would be normal sized, I WAS WRONG, these things were HUGE & the size of two Italian sausage links per Hot Dog. The picture I took of my meal does not do the SIZE justice. The sauerkraut was white, crisp, fresh & VERY tasty. The mustard tasted very fresh, not sure if they make their own, I am a HUGE Fan of mustard and tend to be a mustard critic. The Bun my Hot dogs were served on was lightly grilled and surprisingly the bun held up for the entire meal=) I only ate 1 Hot dog and took the other to go. The Hot dog and sauerkraut would be worth the drive back to Slaw Dogs from the South Bay. My friend's favorite sandwich of ALL TIME is the Rueben. My friend has had Rueben sandwiches throughout the United States and gave her Rueben Dog sandwich a 9.5. I am not a fan of Russian dressing or any dressing of any kind so I did not give it a try. Overall all we were STOKED with our visit to Slaw Dogs. The cook who I believe was the owner asked us how our food was and seemed very nice. During our visit a couple arrived and ordered I believe a chili dog in which they had a coupon for. The meal was served without Chili. The woman in the party went up to the counter and asked why her dog was not served with chili the cashier said chili was extra. This debate continued within ear shot of other customers and instead of simply taking a spoon full of chili and putting it on her Hot dog they advised her it would be a $2.00 charge. The woman seemed upset and this conversation continued. They ended up saying Ok we will give you a discount and they ended up charging her a $1.00. I just think it would have been much easier to say sorry our mistake and put chili on the dog. I only say this because the couple who were seated right next to us seemed upset by this and I would not be surprised if they lost their business. We were a little disappointed that they did not have the Slaw Tots, it was a Sunday afternoon and you should have your entire menu stocked, there is really no excuse for that. If there was a Slaw Dogs in the South Bay they would rake in the cash because there is zero competition.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/7/2013,745,315,12,24,19>I'm sorry to be the a**hole to write the lowest review so far on an event my friend organized, but at least you know my previous 5-star reviews on all the past events were authentic?Let me first just say that I know that events are a collaborative effort; people can plan as much as they want, but if the restaurant doesn't step up to the plate (quite literally), things can go awry.  I've known Brittany B. since high school and I know she is very type-A, all honors classes, straight-A student, etc.  I know she has put on A+ class-act events in the past.  The restaurants kept running out of food; to make it clear, I am critiquing the restaurant's responsibility to the event to provide food for the amount of people who RSVP'd.  I read reviews of the restaurants/bars that this would be at, and I saw that they did not have the highest reviews.  "How nice," I thought.  "This is a wonderful chance for them to impress Yelpers who will happily raise their reviews."  I don't know about you, but I always walk into these events hoping to find a new favorite spot, I don't walk in all judge-y.Unfortunately, I was not really impressed, I was more like, "Oh.  So that's why they don't have the highest reviews."  People were just standing in place on line, for 2 hours.  It was uncomfortable to just be around people standing, and I had to make my way into a booth to try and avoid it.  It might still have been annoying even if they had the right amount of food, but the fact that they kept running out and keeping people waiting was pretty bad, I thought.  Yelpers LOVE food.  And at all the other events, the places have not run out of food...(My favorite event was when we were all seated and were brought food.  I thought that was a nice setup.)  Okay.  I want to end this on a positive note!I loved the tropical theme contest.  The girl in the postcard outfit was amazing and totally deserved to win!  I loved that we brought so many toys to kids- it was no skin off my nose, since my co-worker just has unused toys she can give me, and I know it will make a kid very happy!  How amazing that we were all able to contribute to a good cause!  In fact, I originally gave this event a 3-star rating, I just upped the rating a star thinking about how we made so many kids so happy.Um, VEUVE RAFFLE GIVEAWAY?!  Count me in for every event!I did like the decor in each of the restaurants.  Considering parking is only $5 (or was that only for the event?), I might consider going back to either of the restaurants for drinks with friends.  Those "YELP LIFE" gloves are amazing, I'm really sad I didn't snag one.  "Take a picture of me for Instagram!" #Yelp Here's the deal: any party with free food, free drinks, a CHAMPAGNE GIVEAWAY, a theme, party props, and a photo booth, where the guests contribute to a good cause, is a good party!!!  Thanks for putting on the event Brittany, I always have a great time!!!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,1/6/2013,2282,550,12,20,13>What's not to love about free wi-fi and strong coffee?This trendy new spot in the Sawtelle area offers up both with a smile. I've been here on several occasions and have never had a bad experience. If you're a fan of coffee, the vanilla lattes are good and strong. The barista even serves it up with a cute little heart on the top. If it's late in the afternoon and you don't want to be up all night all cracked out, then get the pumpkin latte. No caffeine and still tastes good. Their honey iced tea is decent, but I add some honey to it just to make it a bit sweeter. Wifi can be a bit temperamental, but once it works, it's all good. Park at the meters or park for free in the surrounding hood.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,1/5/2013,2568,1290,30,20,19>[Intro/setup for arrival and details of restaurant ambiance goes here][Insert a couple observational quips here][Talk about nice warm bread and butter - link picture]yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…[Describe ample meat and cheese platter and how good the cheeses were - link picture]yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…[Start to rave about the chicken wings but then complain that they were too big and sweet - link picture]yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…[Mention the wife once per review and that she likes mussels - link picture]yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…[Talk about how awesome the bar staff was for letting me try two experimental bourbons for the price of one. Also mention that Buffalo Trace Experimental line is now favorite drinking bourbon - link picture]yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…[Note that we regretted ordering pasta mid-meal (we got full) but were happy it was a tiny portion - link picture]yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…[Regretfully inform the public that the dessert picture sucked and LightRoom couldn't save it, but that the doughnuts were good][Close with "Overall" statement and indicate if we'll be back or not - we might]
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,1/4/2013,663,561,36,41,35>To be honest, I had been completely unaware of the existence of food trucks in America until about 2 years ago. That was when UCLA's Court of Science went under a massive construction and all different kinds of food trucks seized controls for months. In my country, we eat food that are sold on the streets all the time, from the walking or bicycling street hawkers to the person sitting on the sidewalk. It is unsanitized, but there is something about it that draws many customers. I was always timid to try, unless I was under peer pressure. Same precaution struck me as I encountered food truck for the first time, but I was later thankful to my friend who introduced me to Nom Nom and several other food trucks. Yep, I have been under the food truck's spell since.TLT Food is a brick-and-mortar version of the glorious champion of Food Network's "The Great Food Truck Race" last season,The Lime Truck. Their Westwood restaurant is spacious and features communal seating layout. The decor is modern and dominated with bright lime green color.Customer service is friendly and they are willing to answer any questions about the menu. Hours are convenient (11am-12am). Price is college-budget-friendly ($4-$13). Food is fresh and innovative. On our first visit, we had pork belly, sweet and spicy steak, and fish tacos, some gambol wings, mint mango limeade, and lime panna cotta. We loved the tacos, they definitely kicked our taste buds. Gambol wings were a little too salty for me. Mint mango limeade was refreshing, plus it was neither too sweet nor too sour. Lime panna cotta was served with vanilla whipped cream and topped with lime caviar, which is the pulps from their imported Australian's finger lemon. It was the best $3 dessert ever! With recently opened restaurants like 800 Degrees, Skylight Gardens, or Native Foods, as well as Veggie Grill plus U-Mini en route, TLT Food is a great addition to Bruin territory. Also, if TLT team keeps up with high quality of food and service like this, I believe they will be a very successful business.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,12/28/2012,410,266,6,8,5>I thought I had reviewed this place before, but I guess not.  Im here almost every day and I have zero complaints.  It's not a dog park, but tries to act like one.  Its unpretentious and fun for all.and now on Fridays 2-7 its a Farmers Market!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,12/27/2012,285,272,8,9,8>This is by far the best airline for national flights!Comparing my experience with American Airlines, I can say that I am really impressed with Virgin America.The check in area for Virgin America is really nice and new, compared to the other airlines. I had a few baggages that needed to be checked in and one of them was a little bit overweight but they just let it slide! The terminals for Virgin America were a little crowded. At the time there were like 2-3 flights boarding, so there were people everywhere! But the people announcing the flight statuses through the intercom always remained calm and delightful. They really ensured that all passengers had a good experience! They also played music as you board the plane. All the flight attendants were nice an friendly!Another thing I like about Virgin America is that they have a TV in front of every seat. You can pay to watch movies or you can just watch satellite tv channels for free. It is a touchscreen TV, so it is very convenient to change channels and navigate through different things to do.Also when you are hungry or thirsty, all you have to do is tap "eat" on the screen and you can select drinks, snacks, and even meals during your plane ride. Once you place your order, the flight attendant comes right away with your requests.I really like the interior lightings in the light cabin. There are dimly lit purple and pink lights! So it looks nice. And supposedly, the uniforms that the flight attendants wear are designed by Banana Republic. So every thing about this airline is in-style, modern, and fun.My plane ride of 5 ish hours went by really fast when I flew with Virgin America in comparison to flying with other airlines!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,12/26/2012,525,111,8,13,10>This is a truly deserved 5 stars. Came here for the soft opening and I can say I was impressed!!!!   :)Absolutely incredible ! I loved everything! My friend and I split this food for 2 people and we were stuffed! We had the Wild Mushroom Mac & Cheese, the Arugula Salad and the Garlic Fries for dinner. The salt comes from the 2 adorable salt toppings they bring to you to season the fries. One is smoked and the other is spicy. The smoked salt was my favorite!  The food was seriously perfect. I hope they keep up the good work and the food quality stays this great!The staff is super awesome! The hostesses were extremely welcoming, our server was attentive, and the manager walked around and made sure the guests were satisfied. The atmosphere is very cool - upscale yet relaxed. Another important thing is, they have good beers on tap. I think they should get a drink menu but I'm sure it's in the works. They have Allagash White Beer on tap which is one of my favorites! Oh and I should mention that the Bread Pudding (with chocolate chips) with Vanilla Ice Cream is one of the best desserts I've ever had in my life.LOVE IT!!!!!!Can I live here?!!!!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2012,12/25/2012,797,1031,6,8,7>I am stupid for not believing in the hype.Yes, the Kurobuta Pork Belly Banh Mi is not even close to being authentic, more like a playful take on the sandwich, with only the pickled veggies and maybe using pork resemble anything close to a banh mi, but daaaamn it is one amazing sandwich.  Braised and caramelized pork belly?  Yessir.  It's heavy but the pickled veggies help balance it.  In general. not a fan of aioli but that chili aioli was spot on with the rest of the sandwich.  After my first bite, I couldn't wait to take my 2nd!Also tried a bit of my sister's Vegan Banh Mi, but instead of bread, she chose the honey wheat tortilla wrap.  It was more like a burrito :P  A very tasty vegan burrito!  The tofu is not the soft type, but like those Chinese bean curd.I love how they set up the sides here.  It changes everyday and you can get free samples!  They don't just give you dinky little samples too.  That day, we ended up getting the Korean-style potato salad and the spinach salad.  Potato salad has a bit of sweetness and is pretty damn true to the banchan you'd get at Korean restaurants.  The spinach salad had pecans and peaches so it was a very nice summer-y type salad.Cool thing about Mendocino is that their soda fountain serves up old-fashioned sodas.  Real cane sugar + old school flavoring = awesome coke.  Only saw it once in DC, and glad to know that I can come here, order a soda, and make myself super hyper with sugar!Not that big inside so it can get packed.  It was a warm day so it was nice eating outside on the benches and tables.  You get a mix of young professionals and college students.  Horrible parking lot.My sister loves this place and couldn't believe it when I told her I've never tried Mendocino.  After trying it, I couldn't believe it either.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,12/24/2012,400,155,7,15,12>First off, you will find this place on the southwest corner of Carson / Main - NOT the way it's shown on the map.   Once you find it and open the front door, you come upon a very enticing aroma from the various dishes and herbs & spices used here !On our first visit here, we enjoyed:Chicken Noodle Soup ( Pho ) :  Delicious broth - wish I could replicate at home someday !  Chicken was moist, tender and bountiful.  All the vegs in the soup and on the plate ( Bean Sprouts, Thai basil, Cilantro, Jalepenos, Limes ) were extremely fresh, crunchy and tasty !  Rice noodles ( flat ) were tender, tasty and held up well in the broth.Korean BBQ Short Rib Salad was a delight !  All vegs were nice and fresh, very lightly dressed.  The ribs tasted like they were charcoal broiled and basted with something akin to a teriyaki sauce ( ginger, garlic, soy sauce, sugar or sweet rice wine, ) They were cooked just right - enough to develop a crisp, caramelized outer coating, yet tender and moist inside.  The Ribs were topped with chopped peanuts & fresh cilantro sprigs.Will definitely return and try other items - some looked especially interesting, such as the young whole Coconut, Shrimp Pho, Rice, Meat & Veg dishes, and Vietnamese Coffee ( they refer to as French ) with condensed milk... large menu has good pictures including pictures of each type of meat you might get in your choice of pho - it's nice to know what's what !
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,12/23/2012,764,453,7,10,7>This is a cute little cafe with fresh, delicious food. I've been wanting to try out the food here and finally did over the weekend.My boyfriend and I both ordered coffee, which came with a small gingersnap cookie--cute!I had the Salmon Eggs Benedict, which came with zucchini hash browns. The eggs benedict and Hollandaise sauce were good, but nothing special compared to ones I've had at other restaurants. The only complaint I had was that one of the eggs was overcooked, so the egg yolk wasn't runny. The smoked salmon, however, was prepared well. My boyfriend wasn't a fan of the zucchini hash browns, but I think I would prefer those over regular hash browns that are unhealthy.We shared the Classic Crepe, which was filled with nutella, bananas, and strawberries. It was delicious! They make good crepes here--soft and thin.Service was friendly. The waiters checked on us often and refilled our waters and coffee.We found free 2 hour street parking a block away.I would definitely like to come back here to try out other dishes, particularly the savory crepes (not the Meat Sauce & Avocado Crepe though, which my boyfriend was not a fan of).
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/22/2012,158,391,7,10,8>I realize this is a popular place and was aware of it years ago when people used to talk about it.  However, even though it isn't far from home, I somehow never went on my own and nobody ever brought me here until yesterday.  We got a seat right away and the service was quick.  The place is pretty cute, charming, and festive looking.  Malachi was our server and he was personable and entertaining.  Those garlic bread knots are very addictive!  I would return for those alone!  They keep refilling them as needed.  I ordered the lasagna and although I think it was good, it was not one of the best lasagnas I've had and probably wouldn't order it again.  It was a pretty generous portion with lots of cheese, an adequate amount of sauce, and almost too much meat in the meat sauce.  It almost felt like there wasn't enough pasta.Valet parking is $7, but we parked in the Venice Beach lot for $5.  It seems like street parking would be hard to find unless you got lucky or came at an off hour since it's on a crowded and popular stretch of Washington Bl. with lots of eateries and bars.Other dishes on the menu looked and sounded good so I would come again.  Prices are fair and reasonable.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,12/21/2012,306,419,13,17,17>Some days are more frustrating than others, but it starts to get dangerous when you let that stress sit there and continue to build. I wasn't sure what I would do to reboot myself, but I pretty quickly found that this spa was conveniently down the street from my office. I thought that in the worst case scenario I would at least get to spend some time away from the office. What I didn't expect was to have every pore in my face completely and totally pampered by Heather's hands. I'm not brand new to the idea of pores or how to take care of mine, but there's only so much relaxation one can effect on their own face. Heather was like a rejuvenation ninja that went to town on my face in the best way possible.Some scrub, some steam, some massage, some nice smelling products, and before I realized I even needed to relax, I WAS relaxed!  I'm pretty sure this is going to become a habit now.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,12/20/2012,623,126,38,51,45>Good service. Good portions. Cute place!The owners of this place are half German and Italian which is why their menu represents sweet goodness from both countries! However, they mainly serve gelato. What sets this place apart is that you may choose to get multiple flavors in one cup! You can choose up to two flavors for the small size and a medium size will give you the option of choosing up to four flavors if you wish! I love that they let you do this as I get tired of eating a single flavor after a few licks sometimes.I have always felt that gelato can be quite plain. My favorite thing about eating ice-cream is all the crunchy, chewy toppings in them. So I'm happy to say that this place has a wall dedicated to toppings! You can add anything you want and you just pay by the weight. This is a great place for children and are pet friendly too. They have one kid's table, 4 bean bags and an "adult" table, if you will. I sampled many flavors and found straticiatella gelato and forest berries sorbetto to be the best tasting and not overly sweet. All the flavors were good and made fresh daily depending on what flavor you prefer. Note: They only have pistachio gelato on the weekends.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,12/19/2012,1712,1003,52,56,55>Great view of manhattan beach pier!!! yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…I was excited to try this place for my fellow Hello Kitty friend Jenn G's birthday celebration brunch! I love the area and what a gorgeous view this place had. Our larger party didnt' get to sit on the patio but we still had a pretty cool view from our section.We were given a set menu to pick from for brunch.Between Dude, me and my buddy Helen C, we split the Belgian Waffle:yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…Eggs Benedictyelp.com/biz_photos/the-…and Margherita Pizzayelp.com/biz_photos/the-…My favorite of the bunch was the Eggs Benny. It was delicious and i loved the potatoes it came with. Eggs were perfectly runny. The waffle was a bit on the hard side- but it was interesting cuz it came with some blueberry icecream on top and fresh berries. The pizza was standard with a thin crust- something i wouldn't order again.Their house donuts were yummy! yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…I was kind of bummed they dont' have fried olives anymore, which i read from Antho's review were fantastic. I would love to come back maybe for dineLA like Jenn did. I noticed there were alot of different sections to the restaurant, each with a different vibe. Would love to check out their dinner stuff!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,12/18/2012,428,239,6,13,9>After taking classes with Govindas, Heidi, Courtney, and Andres, I am completely impressed by the quality of instructors at Bhakti.  They are the real deal and the reason why so many people love this shala. (That means house in Sanskrit.  Thanks, Google.)See, they seem really stoked and easygoing...but don't be fooled.  There's this magical thing going on wherein you think you're just chilling out and then all of a sudden every muscle in your body is alive and you're sweating out the Pacific Ocean.  What?  Amazing!  Add to that a supportive, positive atmosphere and you have what I feel is the yoga equivalent of Mr. Miyagi's house as opposed to other studios, which feel more like Cobra Kai.Two terms I've learned: vinyasa, which as I understand it means the type of yoga where you flow from pose to pose in a cycle, and kirtan, which I believe is a mixture of chanting, music, and devotion.  By the way, if you're new to Bhakti, just know that in addition to downward-dogs and other poses, there may be a little chanting, music, and/or dancing during your class.  Your instructor may even break out the harmonium, too, which is like a big accordion that sounds really awesome.  So just go with it, man.  I felt weird at first.  Whatever.  Just go with it.  It's fun.Bring cash for the $10-15 donation (although they do accept credit and debit cards now), a yoga mat, and a towel.  Park free for two hours in the city structure (Public Parking #2) on 2nd. St. between Arizona and Wilshire.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,12/17/2012,92,382,7,11,9>Great food great drinks.This place doesn't kick rocks!! One of the best bars I've been to in the Westside. Has huge selection of beers and whiskey. I didn't recognize 90% of the beers!! Apparently their beers are different every two days.They have sweet 750ml bottles of beer from all over the place.The food flippin' awesome!!Baby back ribs for appateaser and the Chef's Burger (So money).Great selection of everything!! Gotta visit this place you won't be disappointed! For the quality of the food the prices weren't bad either. Shout out to Tommy the bartender, great guy fun to talk to. Need to go back soon.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,12/16/2012,699,469,7,15,11>This place rules.When they told me they were out of tamales, I told them I was going for vegan/gluten free so would probably just get a salad.The Chef was like, "Oh no, you should go for something hot and spicy! Do you want me to CREATE something for you?"Duh. Yes!!!And less than $10 later, he whipped up a delicious meal of brown rice topped with fresh salsa, corn tortillas topped with all sorts of amazing fresh veggies, tofu and avocado (seasoned with hints of spice and ginger), and a lovely little salad topped with jicama and strawberries.  It was SO GOOD.  And best part, when I told the Chef how much I liked the meal and what I should ask for if I wanted to order it again, he said "I don't know, I just make whatever I'm inspired by back there. I couldn't even tell you. Not even sure I could make it exactly the same again."What a deal for a once in a lifetime, created on the spot for you vegan/gluten free meal!  !!!!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/23/2012,12/15/2012,4014,2434,18,28,21>***The samosas at Samosa House were pretty good; overall, Samosa House is a decent but not great Indian restaurant; an Indian grocery store is also located on the premises***The samosas at Samosa House were featured on the Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate.  These samosas consisted of a potato, pea and carrot mixture wrapped in crispy pastry (that was deep fried).  These samosas had a good filling that was fragrant and not dry while the outside wrapping was thin, flaky and crispy.The samosas were served with two sauces.  There was a green sauce that was a little bit spicy (cilantro and mint) and a plum colored sauce (date and tamarind) that was sweet.  The sauces were good.  They were both very different; both worked well with the samosas.The samosas here were good, but I haven't had too many samosas so I am not sure how well they would hold up against other Indian places.I also had their vegan garbanzo bean masala with garlic naan.  The vegan masala was decent.  It had a little bit of heat to it though it was not that spicy.  The garlic naan was very good.  It was freshly made and it was warm, crispy and light.There were other curries and dishes available (all of them seemed vegetarian).  A few of them were not that attractive looking.Service was okay (quick).  Prices were okay.  While Samosa is order-at-the-counter, you are going to have to probably pay at least $10 (and maybe even a little more) for a full meal.  In terms of seating, they have a few tables inside and a few tables outside (next to a very busy street).Samosa House also has an Indian grocery store on site.   There is fresh produce as well as sweet and savory snacks, instant sauce mixes, cold drinks, rice, seasonings, spices, and frozen food.I thought the food at Samosa House was decent.  Everything tasted fine, but it did not stand out in terms of flavors and ingredients when compared to other good Indian restaurants I've tried (like Addi's in the South Bay).  It is still probably worth considering if you are looking for a quick lunch and like Indian vegetarian offerings.Samosa House has its own free parking lot.  Street parking is also available.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/14/2012,1070,142,9,17,14>Who needs a gym when you have outdoor workouts like this? It's perfect in the evening or when it's not so hot. You can't beat FREE! It works for the dwarfs and me. Run, jog, or walk up those stairs as many times as you need to, to make it work for you. Feel the burn! The steps are huge and it's a lot of impact on the knees, especially when you're coming back down. So.. I'm thinking.. run up the stairs. Once you reach the top, you can treat yourself with a good stretch while taking in the view. Then jog down the trail and repeat.Park on the street, leave your pets at home, bring the right shoes, some water, and enjoy. Cons: -Can get crowded -Some people are slow going up those steps..causing a little traffic-Parking can be hard to find sometimes. Watch out they give tickets if you're parked in the wrong area.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,12/13/2012,514,405,6,10,9>I really liked this place. The food isn't over the top amazing, but the service definitely is. For that, they definitely deserve 5 stars. The food is good, don't get me wrong, but the food alone wouldn't make me give this place 5 stars, but I still would have given it 4 stars because its worth the visit and I would come back if I lived close. I hear they are opening a Woodland Hills location, YAY!I have got to give Rob props though. He was amazing and he alone would make us come back. From the minute you walk in you have happy, smiling faces more then happy to serve you. Where do they find such nice, friendly, cheerful people?? Other restaurants should learn hiring skills from them.Its like Chipotle, but Pizza style and it's fun and new for me and I get to have what I want on my pizza and get to watch them hook it up. They have plenty of sauce, cheese, meat and veggie options. And you get a free Pizza dessert for your Yelp check in. I think everyone should at least try this place once, just for the experience alone.You can also get a salad, if Pizza isn't your thing. Yay for Pizza Rev. SO glad I have cool yelpie friends who check in to new cool places I get to check out. If you haven't been here yet, you should definitely give it a try.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,12/12/2012,595,703,6,10,11>Yum! I've been reading about this place on Yelp... so when Pumpkie asked me what I wanted to have for din-din... I actually volunteered an idea! This place!For some reason, I could have swore this place was further down on Ventura and on the other side of the street... but I'm just wrong. It's on the north side of Ventura Blvd... caddy corner from that new Whole Foods shopping center on that "Safari Walk" portion of Tarzana.Anyway...There's this strange parking lot in the back. I guess they used to have some sort of ticket/attendant system... but I think that's rather defunct now. The parking lot is small.. and the spots are pretty tight.. even the driving "row" is tight... especially since a lot of cars don't fit well in the spots. Meh.This place is adorable. The menu is on two flat screens... so that's interesting. The tables are butcher-block style tables and the most adorable thing ever... they serve you your sandwich on a "carving board". It's adorable. Quaint. Reminds me of cheese shop style places. It's very charming. :)Moving On...The food here is great. Everything is fresh and it's all presented nicely.I had the Napa Valley.. which is turkey and prosciutto (yum!) with tomato, butter lettuce and a super tasty eggplant tapenade (you know a real tapenade - not whatever the hell that is at the Nordstrom cafe! Yes, I am still griping on that!). This was super tasty! It also came with a side of the chips they make to order... these were really good. Fresh. Somewhat greasy... but they were different then regular potato chips. Pumpkie had "the appetizer" which was this pretty large sandwich. It was two grilled cheese sandwiches (for the bun or bread to basically hold the rest together), two slightly runny eggs to adhere the cheese, two hamburger patties, and bacon middle together. It was interesting. Oh and there were red onions on it too. It smelled amazing. Seriously. I secretly wanted to taste it... but I didn't...I had no doubt that he would finish it off. hahaha. He's good like that. But the guy was amazed. According to Pumpkie, the guy said... "He's the only one who finished out of the 15 that have tried to eat the sandwich..."  :) hahaha. Anyway... they also have an interesting variety of bottled sodas. They had the polar bear brand which is my favorite cream soda... but unfortunately not the vanilla cream... only orange cream. Sad. However, I had this really good cream soda... it tasted very marshmellow-y. It was good. They also have 3 different ice teas and two different lemonades. Cool.Oh! And they have gourmet cotton candy...with rotating flavors. oh my god! The next time I need to pick up something near by... I will have to try it. I loooovvvvveeee cotton candy. It's my favorite thing ever... and I will definitely have to try it out. :)
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,12/11/2012,1126,245,12,15,12>Men, do you like beer and chicken wings? And do you need to impress your woman because you've been playing too much Xbox, used the decorative hand towels in the bathroom (those are for guests only!!!), and told her that you didn't like her new bangs when asked for your honest opinion?Well, then, Lukshon just might save your relationship. Here's why:You get to eat tastebud-electrifying chicken wings, wash them down with a Red Rice beer, and simultaneously woo your lady with a night out on the town in a fine dining establishment.Just call me Cupid.Highlights:Heriloom black rice - antioxidant-packed and topped with a fried egg - BOOM!Bhutanese red rice - hello, lamb bacon!Spicy chicken pops - garlic, Indonesian kecap manis sauce, and chicken drumettes perform a Vulcan mind meld on your mouthDon't forget the mango sticky rice for dessert.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/10/2012,86,202,17,13,13>My dad asked me if I was going to the gymDad: Was it UCF? UFC?Jer: No, I think it was UFO.Dad: Isn't that the flying alien? Besides the super confusing name, I like this gym! + Loud, loud music so you don't have to bring your own music + Loud, thumping music to keep you going in classes + Fantastic instructors! I followed Zumba instructor Nicole to boogiezone utopia! + For the most part, most people try hard in the classes. I hate it when people half ass workouts and say they've worked out. + Clean, clean machines. Never broken machines. Never had to wait. + Fun to watch people train in the rings + Location: next to innout, trader joes, and penguins!- No pool Unfortunately, the no pool was a dealbreaker for me. But if you don't swim and don't intend to ever swim ever then you'll have fun at this gym. The classes here are superb; I recommend Hot Hula, Brutal Barre, Zumba with Nicole, anything with Brenda. I used to do 3 classes in a row and be so hungry I would have to run out to Trader Joe's and buy snacks. It's a good gym to be a part of, but only if you're staying in Torrance for the long haul.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,12/9/2012,547,454,8,11,9>ooh to be pampered, wooed, groomed and fawned over. Without having to work for it, drive to it or pay for it. The life of a dog! LA takes its dogs seriously. Our dog groomers, walkers, day care centers are almost as popular as the froyo and yoga shops dotting every suburb. As committed as I am to my sweet one, I have taken him to many a groomer - and have resolved Healthy Spot is the best. We are fans of the one in Santa Monica, so when we heard of this grand opening in MDR, you bet we were going to be there!Floor to ceiling windows side the doors that open up to their signature mecca of treats, toys, and every paraphernalia your dog wanted and never knew he needed. In dog terms, it's the REI for the sports lover, the Whole Foods for the au naturel and the Burke Williams for the spa-goer. We probably spent 45 minutes scanning the shelves twice - before going back to the toy section to squeeze test the loudest one. The plush beds piled high in the center. Another wall displayed bedazzled and studly wear and accessories. And, then there was the day care room and grooming - ah, the "spa" I call it. It was sparkling and spacious. I cannot wait to bring him here! My dog always returns from his so-called spa days at HS teeth cleaned, nails clipped, flea dipped, washed, groomed... Did I mention the MDR location currently has a promotion for teeth cleaning? The first time my dog had it done at HS was his first time EVER; the lady was professional, kind and all-around awesome. Staff was courteous and sweet as always, completely loving the dogs visiting the store and offering to help and give treats of all sorts while we browsed. (When my pup ignored the biscuit, the clerk went back for the jerky he likes.) They definitely know how to make customers feel welcome, be it woman or animal. Parking is a breeze in the plaza that houses Panera, Coffee Bean and Wahoo's.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,12/8/2012,253,588,9,10,10>Chill event!!! ...ahem, get it? ;DThis Ice Cream Social at Cool Haus was so casual and so relaxed. Rather than an elaborately coordinated party, it was a casual gathering. Almost as if I decided to stop by a local ice cream shop and happened to run into a bunch of friends. I literally stood outside wiping the stickiness from the just devoured ice cream away from my mouth when a friend came up to me to say hello. Then another. Then another! Soon, a circle of us stood in front of Cool Haus chatting away, eating ice cream for over an hour.I sampled all three vegan options that Cool Haus had to offer. Strawberry Mojito Sorbet, Lychee Martini Sorbet, and Dark Chocolate Sorbet. First of all, I love chocolate! I knew that I would love the Dark Chocolate and it definitely hit the spot! Strawberry Mojito was bright and colorful in sight and in taste. But the Lychee Martini really impressed me! It tasted just like lychee fruit and I was lovin it! To garnish my sample, they gave me a bit of the Spiced Carrot Vegan Cookie which was awesome! I'm picky about my cookies and by picky I mean I only like cookies if they have chocolate chips in them. I will gladly make an exception for their Spiced Carrot Cookie :) bit.ly/S3fHktGood desserts, good company, good times! Thank you Brittany B. This event was effin' cool(haus) ;D
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,12/7/2012,834,665,6,6,5>What a great night! Thanks Katie and Brittany for a wonderful time =)The space was beautiful, as to be expected in the midst of Topanga Canyon. So glad we arrived early, as we didn't need to walk too far and we were able to hook up some quick libations courtesy of Freixenet (to which we returned all night!) and make our way to Lounge Burger.  Delicious grass-fed beef! We also sampled some of the Chicken TIkka Masala from No Tomatoes Truck, a Komodo Taco, and some Boba.  Everything was pretty easy to access, lines weren't too long, and people were pleasant. Hey, here's an idea to passersby: How about you don't deposit your trash on my table as  I'm eating? I realize you might have to walk a bit farther to find a more appropriate place for it, but it's pretty foul to have someone's trash that near my face when I'm trying to put some food in it! (end rant)Really enjoyed the previews of the upcoming shows from the actors; the space was both roomy and intimate at the same time.  I am super excited about going back and watching some theatre! I do wish that they would put on Lear, or Othello, or something more serious. But I'll go enjoy the lightness of the comedies too! Speaking of comedy, the photobooth was great and provided for us some hilarious photos!Overall, this event was super relaxing. It was great to be at such a large event, especially one that is open to all Yelpers, and not have to stand in line forever, not have to fight for food, and to have things so nicely spread out.  Wonderfully planned! Thanks so much, ladies!!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,12/6/2012,802,562,9,13,10>If it ain't broke don't fix it. Right? Not only is Boiling Crab not broke it is going strong so I guess that gives Boiling Shrimp an incentive to shamelessly copy their business model. They copied the name, the menu, the look of the food and the packaging of their to go orders. No one's gonna accuse Boiling Shrimp of being original.However, their food is pretty good... yeah, like Boiling Crab and since Boiling Crab decided to ignore us folks here in the So Bay, I am gonna thank Boiling Crab for saving me a ton of driving and a ton of waiting to have good seafood.Next Time? I liked the medley flavor shrimp so I am gonna have some more of that and maybe I'll try their crab.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,12/5/2012,85,122,6,6,7>My fellow yelpers that have visited this establishment are on the money, this place ain't pretty or fancy but if your cool with that, proceed.Today was my first time here & all i ordered was the roasted duck. The duck was tasty & meaty. Order your duck at least the day before. Parking is provided.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,12/4/2012,831,371,8,8,8>This is a review that needs a follow up. Since Denny's is never nor should be a 1st choice I said "I'll try Dinah's".* The service is quick and friendly.* The menu is fairly robust but in my opinion a bit over priced.* I love the throw back decor of the place. Its peppered with old timey Hollywood memorabilia and entertainment equipment of days past like transistor radio's and film projectors.At some point Ill need to try the fried chicken. I hear its all the rage.Its the one thing that I cant partake in cause you know Im watching what I eat.  ANYHOW...I noticed that the chicken is offered morning noon and night with all sorts extras. With gravy & taters, even waffles. I will say that the daily special was excellent. Its your choice of eggs prepared any way you want them (from fried to magnetized) with a side of ham, bacon or sausage fruit etc. and all served up in pretty good size portions. Everything is tasty and your coffee cup in never empty.So as soon the day comes that I break my vow of eating right, damn straight Im going to take down a bucket chicken (with a diet coke)!See you there!
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,12/3/2012,1259,140,10,12,11>Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**Driving along PCH, this small sized shack has some of the freshest and tastiest fried seafood in LA county! To this day, I believe MSFF has the best fish and chips! The fish almost melts in your mouth and so so flaky! Everything taste fresh, from the fried calamari, fried clams,  to the ahi tuna burger! You can't go wrong with anything here. One item I have yet to try in my two visits is the fried oysters... each time I come here in the early evening, it's gone! The clam chowder is some of the best as well... it's filled with clams; no cheaters here who load it up with potatoes! Lines can be quite long during peak hours but it's worth the wait. CONCLUSION:When I'm craving fried seafood, I come here... from IRVINE! Yes... I'm that insane but it's worth the drive! Prices are SUPER reasonable. So I say, EAT IT! Oh and they have self-seating outside where it's BYOB... legit!!! By far one of my favorite beach-casual spots... and it's literally across the street from the sand!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,12/2/2012,1010,440,13,6,4>At the risk of sounding like an embittered, old man, I would totally hit up Waterloo & City more frequently...  if my ex and her sister didn't patronize the place so often.  Still, duty calls and my classmate insisted on having our once-a-month happy hour session here, so I begrudgingly consented.  However, I made sure to include the caveat that she amp up her normal mode of dress (i.e. typical "cardigan, scarf and jeans" getup) into straight up "slut factor five" just in case my former squeeze was present.  The ex always used to get miffed when I would slyly give the thumbs up to the Asian male in "The King and I" couples, so I thought it'd be good insurance. Having said more than enough about my private life and accompanying hangups, Waterloo & City does a great job of putting out fresh food and drinks.  My dining companion is extremely particular, but with such a wide selection of happy hour eats, we made do with fish and chips, the mushroom pasta, one of the flatbreads and I ordered the chicken liver mousse for myself.  Despite the strange staggered timing of the dishes (mousse came out in 2 minutes, fish & chips took 25) all of the grub was excellent.  Drinks - albeit a bit on the small side - were nevertheless tasty and although there weren't very many cocktail options on the happy hour menu, I think all of the choices were well worth it.  A very minor gripe I had about the place was the wind tunnel that seemed to coalesce and pound the two of us at the end of the bar.  I guess the restaurant's policy is to keep the door open till sundown, but it really was quite chilly.  Predictably, my buddy soon started whining, "Jeez, it's cold.  Look I have goosebumps!" to nobody in particular as my attention was focused on the baseball game on one of the big screens.  Being the dutiful friend, I glanced over to give lip service to her affliction and possibly make some sort of generic comment of solidarity to a friend I consider like my sister...  So imagine my consternation when I glanced over at her "goosebumps" and was instead confronted by her heaving cleavage popping out of her too-tight shirt.  "Gahhh, what are you doing?!" I exclaimed, trying to avoid any more glances of her decolletage.  With precise equanimity, she replied, "You told me slut factor five, stupid."  Touche...
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,12/1/2012,261,365,10,15,9>I've been here two times in the past week for one reason.  PANCAKES.  Not only do they have a ton of different varieties of pancakes, they have GLUTEN FREE PANCAKES THAT TASTE LIKE THE REAL DEAL!Dating a person with celiacs, I've tasted one too many gluten-free bread products a regular gal should have to in a single lifetime.  For example, I've learned that Gluten-free crepes = wet cardboard.  However, when I had the buckwheat pancakes with chocolate chips here, I couldn't believe they were gluten free!  They were DELICIOUS.There are also oreo pancakes, granola pancakes, and pumpkin pancakes which they cannot make gluten-free, and cheddar and bacon waffles, which they CAN make gluten free!!! Previous reviewers have mentioned qualms with the pricing, but if you step into any frou-frou breakfast place scattered around LA that offers gluten-free options and other health conscious meals, they will charge you an arm and a leg for it, so this is actually an extremely good deal!  Around $8 for a stack of 3.  Also you won't get the pretentious wait staff to go with it!  If you are just looking for your standard Denny's breakfast meal, though, I can see how this could be a bit over-priced.I have also been here during lunch and had their sweet potato fries and their potato cakes, which were pretty standard.  Nothing particularly special.  But I will keep coming back here for their PANCAKES!  There are also a variety of breakfast options you can mix and match with!  The service was wonderful and friendly, and I like the low-key atmosphere of the place.  Extremely cozy and warm :) Who knew it was less than 10 minutes from where I live?!DEFINITELY a new breakfast favorite!
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,11/30/2012,591,938,13,18,15>Tumeric  is a new small and limited Indian Fusion Food café located inside of the Hermosa Pavilion mall on Aviation  where 24 Hr fitness and CJ Grand Spa is in. They have delicious stuff!  Their menu is very limited. We tried their chicken tikka masala - Very tastyOkra, - very tastylentils, - very tastyMango Saffron Chicken- a bit bland but not badEach entree comes with veggies, basmati rice, salad and small naan.Mango Lassi is delicious (Mango yogurt drink)Their food are delicious, spice, and good portion. Their dishes are from $7-$10, pretty affordable. They're a bit slow, so make sure you have a few extra minutes to wait for your food when they prepare it. They have panini, pizzas, with Indian cuisine ingredients. It's obvious a mom and pop, a hole in the wall place, but definitely worth it!!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,11/29/2012,2627,609,15,14,16>Okay..ignore my previous review..I found it! :DI missed Burnt Tortilla so much. Anyway!Walked inside, and we were greeted right away by the friendly hostess. They have one side (pretty spacious) for just regular families to dine, and the other side (also spacious, but as big) for the sports bar. We were lead to the sports bar side, since it was almost closing time. They have extremely comfy booth seats. So bouncy. :DRight when we sat, literally 10 seconds later, they brought out the waaaarm chips and delicious salsa. It tasted roasted, so bomb! They have a happy hour all day on Sunday (happy hour IMO is nothing special, though.) and happy hours throughout the rest of the week too. Drinks and appetizers included. We ordered the cheese quesadilla appetizer. We ended up finishing the chips and salsa in like 3 minutes lol. They brought out another round of warm chips, and a bigger bowl for the salsa..LOL oops. Their service is so quick, and that's what it was like previously too. That's what I love! The waiters and waitresses are very pleasant and nice. Thoughtful about the orders as well. For my entree, I ordered the chicken enchilada and taco combination plate. Come with beans and rice..mmmmmm. Bf ordered the steak burrito with cheese. About 5 minute later, our quesadilla comes out and it's a good size! They gave us a half each (3 pieces) with guacamole. My fav :] ..it was just cheese heaven. 10 minutes later our meal comes out and my bf's burrito was faaackin' huge! It was like La Barca's colossal burrito status! For only $10.25 too. Pretty good to meee. Mine was just as I imagined years ago :p still delicious, still bomb, still amazing. We both couldn't finish...but we were almost there. Total came out to $30.99. I like! (When I went..there was a very obnoxious lady who laughed SO loud. She sounded like Ursula from Little Mermaid. *When a black person says you're too loud...YOU ARE TOO LOUD!* )
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,11/28/2012,1263,227,7,13,15>Love this little grocery store/eatery. This is the most authentic Indian restaurant I've had so far in west L.A. besides going to my Indian friends mom's house. This place is a hole in the wall and has nothing spectacular about the decor or ambiance. They just serve authentic Indian food for a great price. What more can you ask for?Definitely come and check this place out.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2012,11/27/2012,1716,487,8,12,10>Why had I not tried Robata-Ya until recently?For around $3-4 each stick I'm sure if one was a hungry hungry hippo it would be easy for a meal here to become rather pricey but for the average appetite-d diner it's quite affordable. It's great for sharing with a friend or date to maximize the variety of different skewers you can try in one meal.We ordered: Shishito pepper, asparagus, okra, Chicken (jidori) breast with wasabi, thigh (chicken oyster), and hearts. My faves were the asparagus and chicken w/wasabi. My friend was all about the chicken hearts but I took a pass and let him enjoy that one all to himself (no gracias). My mouth waters just looking over the menu again! Next time I want to try the peking duck, every bacon (Kurubata pork) wrapped skewer (asparagus, okra, tomato, jalapeño) and all the seafood options too (shrimp, oyster, ahi, yellowtail, salmon, unagi, black cod, saba, halibut).Parking in this area is notoriously sucky but there is a "secret" parking lot in the back that on a Sunday night around 9pm had 1 or 2 open spots and what looked like a fast turn over.Fast efficient service and deeeeeelicious food. Another addition to my list of Sawtelle favorites.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,11/26/2012,594,225,42,17,15>Dear Angry South Bay Soccer Mom,Thank you for tailgating me all around Plaza El Segundo this afternoon in your SUV.  It was a fun chase and I could tell by the "wtf?!" look on your face that you really were not amused when I accidentally cut you off at that four point intersection.  Luckily, this parking lot's so big all I needed to do was drive around in circles for an hour...or four and eventually you got tired/bored/had to pick up you kids at practice and stopped honking your horn and yelling obscenities out the window at me.I know I was wrong for making a left when you had the right of way, but just try to see things from my point of view:Do you know how hard it is to drive an ultra lowered rice rocket, text your friends to let them know you're running late (again) and listen to your GPS ALL at the same time?  Now try doing this while rocking four inch stilettos (cuz you know I'm a shawty and need to get some height on me) and having slits for eyes!  And to make matters worse, my boba tipped over and spilled all over my fuzzy Hello Kitty seat covers !!  Ay yahh...and all I wanted was to get a dress at BCBG for my weekend in Vegas...So just try to practice a little empathy next time, lady.  There's more going on in life than your stupid little first world problems.XOXO,Stereotypical Female Asian Driver
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,11/25/2012,147,177,13,15,12>You know how there's that one thing you always wish for, but accept that it falls under "pipe dream" or "too good to be true?" Well dream it you dreamers, because mine just came brew. I mean true.Like any good South Bay girl, I know the local spots to fill my beer-loving tummy with Strand beverages, and like any good beer drinker, I do. As a boozer with an occasional elitist streak, I will travel far and wide to enjoy a fresh craft brew, and with the foresight to know there are many sigalerts  between me and that next sip, I fill my growler accordingly. But gosh, what I wouldn't give to have a local refill. Well Old Saint Rich got a hold of my Christmas list this year because a mere 1.6 miles from my house the Strand Brewing Co. has opened for beer tasting.I don't even want to describe how awesome this place is because I don't want to ruin the surprise!  It is a "hidden gem" simply because it's among offices in a technology center, but who doesn't love a little game of hard to get? The local crowd is so much fun, the pourers are full of knowledge and hilarity, and the atmosphere is totally unique from other breweries. If I weren't lucky enough to be within stumbling distance, I would certainly fight through sigalerts to get here.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,11/24/2012,597,598,6,8,7>In order to get to the Santa Monica Twilight Dance Series held at the SM Pier in the summer, I usually take bus #2. On those evenings I tug along my trusty cooler on wheels, loaded with picnic goodies and drinks for the concert.  Strapped to my back is my brightly striped beach chair and backpack.  In anticipation of the upcoming summer, I hopped aboard this week and found the price increased.  It was 75 cents last year, now it is a $1.00.  I plunked down 4 quarters. They traveled to the slot below. The sound reminded me of the sounds at a casino.  Now if I could just get that machine to go in reverse and quarters popped back up! Ding ding ding ding $$$$, like popcorn that be awesome.  A couple years ago, an aberration occurred. A surly female driver enjoyed or so it seemed, to slam on the brakes.  She alternated this with gunning the accelerator.  Then repeated this pattern over and over.  A predilection, bound and determined to torture us passengers. It was the fastest bus ride of my life.  In her haste, at my stop, she even dropped us off in front of larger than me sized trash receptacles. In front of me a man just pushed them aside, as if he were Moses in the Bible, and just parted the Red Sea.  Most of the bus drivers are the opposite.  Friendly, smiling and respectful.  I am grateful for them.  The bus driver this week happened to be alert and on the ball.   She carefully monitored the passengers, and deftly handled the traffic as best she could. With a good sized package in one hand, I stepped down from the rear doors and onto the sidewalk.  Then I heard some unfamiliar cracking sound  One of my backpack straps got caught on the rear door handle. Got caught meaning my backpack was now wedged in the middle of the doors as it closed.  I yelled as I was afraid the bus was going to start dragging me on the along side as it went on it's merry way down the street.  The respectful bus driver immediately opened up the rear doors.  I got out, a little shaken but relieved and ok. That will be the last time I wear only 1 strap of my back pack attached to my shoulder.  Luckily the bus driver was alert.  More than anything else I gave myself quite a fright.  It is time for me to try out the light speed rail.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,11/23/2012,330,334,13,11,11>Bars on windows usually equals legit Mexican food. And this little hole in the wall has both!  I felt totally out of place, but the fish tacos were so good that the wait for my to-go order was worth every uncomfortable minute.  Listening to the homegirls in the adjacent booth talking loud enough for me to hear their baby daddy drama and why "beetches be crazy" was fun too.I was pretty pleased with my fish tacos.  They were fresh, non-breaded and a generous portion of fish was served over shredded lettuce/cabbage with a mild red sauce, cheese and warm corn tortillas. Tasty, semi-healthy and didn't break the bank either.  Hey, if it's good enough for the hainas in Venice, it's good enough for me!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,11/22/2012,400,239,7,12,11>This place is so close to me, I'm kicking myself for not having gone sooner and trying the famous english peas that Jonathan Gold raved about from the Spring menu. Hopefully they will bring it back next year. Foodgasm at its absolute finest! MUST GET:- Bone Marrow- Corn & mascarpone ravioli - Sweetbreads with figs and arugula- Roasted Half Chicken- Strawberry Ricotta CrostadaThe people next to us ordered the whole fried snapper for two and it looked (and they confirmed!) that it was amazing, so I'll have to go back and try that, along with the charred octopus.I had been wanting to try the ricotta crostade dessert ever since I saw pictures of it, and I am so happy that it was just as amazing as I had hoped. Absolutely MUST finish off your meal with this, no matter how full you are. This is a great place for a date. Dim lighting, just the right noise level, amazing food and service.... if you want something more quiet, ask to be seated in the back of the restaurant where the space is smaller and airy. It's a nice area to have dinner on a warm summer night with a significant other.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/21/2012,76,131,7,11,9>I've been dying to go to Seoul Sausage since I saw the "coming soon" banners in the windows months ago. I came for their soft opening last week and I was hooked! I went back tonight and man, were we in for a treat. I had the Kalbi Sausage and my fiance had the Spicy Pork Sausage. Both were out of this world and packed with incredible flavor. We had one of each of their balls. This will be the only time I utter the phrase "Their balls are amazing".  They are. I love their balls... and sausage.  Also would like to add for the fickle yelpers out there that you may have a to wait a minute, and there isn't a lot of space to sit down and eat. I just ate my sausage standing at the little side bar enjoying the tunes and incredible eats. I would like to also mention that these guys are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet. Most of the guys who work there also own the eatery, and they are fantastic! I can see why they won "The Great Food Truck Race"! Gourmet street food that will knock your socks off delivered by some of the most down to earth guys in this city.  Best of luck to this establishment, but in all honesty with food like this you don't need luck.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,11/20/2012,703,398,8,10,9>Yummy veggie panini with a side of quinoa salad and a pickle. It was very filling and cheesy without it being greasy. Lots of veggies inside, which all tasted fresh. The curry flavored quinoa salad was sooo good. It was studded with small cranberries. I also got an Arnold Palmer, which was refreshing since it was such a hot day but not my favorite. My friend was raving about the strawberry juice. Should've gotten that instead. I was also wanting to get the Eclipse exotic salted caramels that they sell, but it was warm inside the cafe and I noticed that the caramel filling had oozed out of the chocolate, making a mess. I wonder if there was something wrong with their AC...My friend got The Raj panini with turkey. There was so much filling inside that she couldn't finish it all and took the other half home. We were both pretty satisfied with our meal. It was much too warm to sit inside so we sat outside on their side patio area. Tons of flies were buzzing around, but that's not their fault. I did see the freezer full of Carmela ice cream, but I wasn't going straight home so I'll have to go back to get me a cup...or two.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,11/18/2012,861,371,9,14,11>$30 gets you a great, but no-frills haircut from either Song (the store owner) or her brother Sean, who I prefer to see (when he's in town). I love Sean's technique and style. I have thin hair but LOTS of it. Sean maneuvers to thin down my mane but makes sure to have it looking fun and flirty every single time! He takes his time and gives his input. And even if I don't come back for months, sometimes even about a year and a half, my hair still looks pretty dang stylish. His cuts grow out well... For me, anyway!  :)Song also does a great job... and she's FAST... like 25 minutes fast... and that's including a blow dry! You tell her what you want and then it's cut, cut, cut... and you're done!  So super fast, I was able to make it to Torrance on my lunch break, from El Segundo, and back in less than an hour and a half!  They both specialize in thick Asian hair (although they're great with everyone else too!), lots of fun layers - either long or short. Such a great deal - they haven't changed this price in years! And I love that! I'm huge believer in that if someone charges more than $100, they should be GIVING you hair, not cutting it off!Theyre located in the strip mall behind Grand Chinese Buffet on Hawthorne. Many times, I've tried to find someone closer to where I live in Santa Monica, but I always end up having to come back here to get my hair fixed cause some cheap mo-fo done fucked up my hair. Going back tomorrow for this reason yet again... When will I ever learn!?!.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/17/2012,341,299,9,8,9>Who needs a man when Brittany pretty much wined & dined us all tonight by putting on yet another amazing Yelp Elite event with Polentoni!Kevin wasn't the only birthday boy in the house, it was also mine and I have to say I am glad I spent it with my Yelp family!Upon arriving, we were warmly greeted and enjoyed some delicious Pinot Grigot and Chardonnay with delicious appetizers! The pizza and meatballs were my favorite! The pizza had this zest that I really loved, I wanted more but I had to refrain from being a piggy.I was glad to be re-united with yelpers from a previous event. We had been trying to meet for months since the last event and it was a happy accident that we were here tonight. While we waited for the food we had an awesome time at the photo booth!Before the dinner came out, a nice bottle of red wine came out for our table and the buzz kept me warm and smiling wider than ever! When the food came out I was ready to dig in with fork and knife in hand! The creamy sauce & asparagus on the chicken was delicious! (yelp.com/biz_photos/yelp…) Underneath all the chicken the hugest mushroom I had ever eaten lay hidden. The mushroom was ah-may-zing!Just when we thought that was it, dessert came around. OMG. Ok. I'm not a huge fan of Tiramisu but this was on a whole different level! It was super sweet and creamy! I got the Chocolate Chip one and oh man, it was just right! This was also the time that we sang happy birthday to Kevin and they forgot about 'lil old me so here is Brittany placing a candle in my dessert: yelp.com/biz_photos/yelp…. Thanks Brittany!I am home, full, happy, and wishing I could've been out longer with my Yelp family:  yelp.com/biz_photos/yelp….I hope everyone else enjoyed their dinner and if it was your first Elite event, welcome! :)
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,11/16/2012,1561,540,15,19,20>I finally hand my first experience getting a cookie sandwich at The Coolhaus Shop after having been greeted by a locked door on my first two attempts.  I guess I should not expect an ice cream place to be open after 10PM on weeknights, however I was surprised to find that they are not open at all on Mondays.  When we came in this past Saturday, I sampled several of their ice creams before making my final selection.  The flavors that I tried were all creamy and exotic tasting.  Even the strawberry was unlike any that I had tasted before.  Although it was a tough choice, I went with an ice cream sandwich consisting of a coconut almond cookie and their polar berry ice cream.  It was out of this world good, and the cookie and ice cream went perfectly together!  It was one of those things where I was debating if I should get a second one immediately after eating the first.  The only downside to Coolhaus is the price.  Even though the cookies and ice cream are gourmet, $5 is pretty steep for a smallish ice cream cookie sandwich.  I will still be frequenting Coolhaus to try more of their flavors and to have more of their awesome polar berry ice cream!  I was hooked after the first bite!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,11/15/2012,2371,1713,48,46,40>From Cute & Kawaii to Plain & Practical, Daiso Japan is a $1.50 discountopia filled with rows and rows of things you need, things you want, and things you've never seen before, but suddenly need & want.With over 2,500 stores in Japan and another 500 stores in 24 other countries, Daiso is an unstoppable force for low prices and wide selection. It's like an exotic Made-in-China love child of a classic 99-cent store and Hello Kitty. Daiso dominates the Japanese 100 Yen market and with 11 stores in the U.S. already, we should all prepare to be assimilated in a nice shade of pretty pink soon.If you want variety, Daiso has it. With most of it made and branded just for Daiso. + Food & Snacks - I heard "Hi Chew" and responded "God Bless You." + School Supplies - Oh look, something cute with a smiling kitty on it. + Electronic Accessories - Cheapest iPhone cover and colorful charging cables you can find + Kitchen Tools, Organizers, Utensils, & More. - A rainbow of colors awaits + Japanese Tableware - Throw out your old Plates, Cups, Bowls, & Chopsticks + Health & Beauty Accessories & Cosmetics - Ahhh... how cute. :) + Home & Bath Decor - Time to play "Pimp My Toilet" + Toys - When you just have to give some little gift, why not one that is just a $1.50? + Party Supplies - Make your next party a theme party! + Japanese Crafts & Gifts - This is a Japanese store, right? Kore wa nan desu ka?Ok, you get the idea. We spent $28 on a huge bag of things and didn't even finish seeing the entire store. It's not a huge store. There's just a lot of things you'll want to pick up and see.I don't think I'll lose my Man Card for saying I'm a fan of Daiso Japan. Even if I do, I can probably get a new one in hot pink at Daiso for a $1.50.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,11/14/2012,635,744,14,13,15>"You are a hooker. I'll just tell you now. A high-class hooker."Those were the first words Trina said to me as she led me into the dark, sexy studio, with mirrors, poles and a few soft red lights. I purchased a Groupon for three classes (Lap It Up, Girlie Burlesque, and Taste of Pole). I hadn't used it for months because of the limited schedule, so when we got an email saying that more weekend classes had opened up, I jumped on it! I scheduled myself for Lap It Up on Saturday at 3PM, and found easy street parking. Trina is sweet, encouraging, enthusiastic, refreshingly open/funny, and makes you feel like you're a regular that she's already friends with. She was more than accomodating for everyone in the class; making up new moves on the spot for anyone who had knee problems or anything else that required alternative choreography. She loves her job and takes it seriously.... she even did years of research in strip clubs, knowing that she wanted the girls coming to her for lessons to be safe! it was a really fun class, easy for beginners, and designed to make everyone feel sexy, womanly, and confident (all thanks to Trina!). I would totally take the same class with the same routine all over again. Trina encouraged questions and also for students to e-mail her if we had stories of "successul performances." She told me after the class that if I wanted to take the class again, I could e-mail her if there were specific times I wanted to make a request for, or if I was a repeat and wanted a new routine. The other students were ladies of all different ages, types, and experience levels, so that I did NOT feel intimidated at all. Everyone was just there to have fun. Can't wait to try the other classes! And to practice at home for my cat. YDCL.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/13/2012,347,385,9,10,12>Drinks, nibbles, and...mustaches? Heck yes!The Mustache Monday Yelp Elite Event at Dry Tour was so much fun! My friend and I could not wait to show off our pink fuzzy mustaches (hers was "The Grandma," mine was "The Cowgirl") and pink mustache knee-high socks! It was hilarious to see all the mustaches in action, too...some people really went all out!Photographer Ryan was really friendly, and his pictures turned out amazing! The food was delicious, the drinks were tasty, and the crowd was a really fun bunch. One of my favorite parts of the evening was filling out a form with a name suggestion for Dry Tour. I went with "The Drunk Monk," as I felt the ambiance had a monastic feel to it. The space is great, located right on the main strip in Venice, and it actually turned out to be perfect for a private party.One of my favorite parts about Yelp events is meeting fellow Yelpers! It's always a pleasure to catch up with CYM Brittany B. and bump into other Yelpers that I follow. It's a really great way to meet new people, too. Two thumbs up to Brittany B. and other Yelpers for putting on this fantastic event!
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2012,11/12/2012,750,698,10,12,13>Another Shinsengumi (SSG) joint that converted me into yuzu kosho crazed fan. Anything that you eat in SSG, if you mixed it with yuzu kosho (the green thing they always served on the table), it made all taste better. I went from Shabu-Shabu to Yakitori, adding that to the meat or anything you order made it tasted from great to like awesome!Anyway, I did tried without the yuzu kosho, it's still great, I loved it with or without it. I ordered:- Bacon wrapped Quail Egg- Cartilage- Gizzards- Beef Tongue- Yakitori PlateNot a fan of the meatball on the Yakitori plate, otherwise, everything else was great. I actually came back there today and this time I ordered skin yakitori, it's interesting, I'm not really a fan of it, it's kinda chewy and a bit burnt.Service was okay, it was pretty crowded when we got there at 1 for lunch on a Friday, a bit slow on getting our stuff. My coworker was also disappointed cause they ran out of everything she wanted - mackerel and another fish they had. She also just found out that they only serve chanpon in winter, so today wasn't her good day, but my soboro don was good. I'll be back for sure, this restaurant is less than 2 miles away from my new job, it satisfies my yakitori cravings.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,11/11/2012,835,409,6,13,7>So Sushi is new management of the former Ueru-Ka-Mu Restaurant. But patrons do not fret, they left it in the care of 2 very good chefs - Ryo & Taka. Combined they have over 60 years of sushi experience! They make traditional nigiri even though their menu introduces a new style of sushi that they made up for their menu. They call it 'SO Specialties'. It all your favorite sashimi presented and flavored in a way that is so beautiful and sexy. For example on the menu is the So Cupcake Special - 6pcs of cupcake with mixture of spicy tuna, albacore, crab, avocado, and special sauce wrapped by a thin slice of sashimi of your choice. Not too sure what they mean by cupcake though but I'm sure it's not baked with frosting!Being we were one of the few diners in the restaurant, Ryu & Taka were more than happy to explain their menu, their style of sushi, and open to anything that we wanted. We then asked for an Omakase of their best and favorite. Here's what they came up with...mind you that they had no names for their dishes.First up was Taka's take on ceviche of salmon, tuna, and albacore, thinly sliced scallions, tomato, and thin slices of crispy red onion. Presented in a small bowl lined with slices of cucumber. The bowl, I assume, is what they mean by cupcake. What we got is probably a deconstructed version of this. The fairly generous serving of raw fish was firm and fresh,  perfectly marinated in a zesty slight chili spice and the crispy red onions added a nice crunch to the creamy texture. Dish is 2 thumbs up! (yelp.com/biz_photos/n0nQ…)Second was Ryu's carpaccio of white fish (I forget, halibut?) underneath a bed of lettuce, shiitake, red pepper, and lightly dressed with a miso vinaigrette. Not traditional at all, but it shows Ryu's range in taking traditional ingredients and fusing new American flavors and modern plating techniques. (yelp.com/biz_photos/n0nQ…)Next up Taka again with 2pcs each of rice with imitation crab and avocado slice wrapped in either tuna or salmon sashimi topped with masago and slice of fried garlic. This is definitely Taka's take on taking traditional ingredients/flavors and using modern presentation to impress sushi lovers while never sacrificing taste. The presentation and colors alone were absolutely beautiful! I didn't want to touch it. But I was hungry so of course I devoured it!! (yelp.com/biz_photos/n0nQ…)Taka's Dragon Roll is shrimp tempura inside and outside is a generous portion of spicy tuna. This 8pc roll and probably one more can fill you up. (yelp.com/biz_photos/n0nQ…)We had room for one more and asked if they can make something with uni. So Ryu made a concoction of uni mixed with spicy tuna wrapped in green rice paper. Amazing us again with the colors and presentation, we took our iphone photos and ate. The uni was light and sweet while the spicy tuna added the much needed kick that was not overpowering. The rice paper was a tiny little crunch but kept the uni/spicy tuna the star of the dish. If you love or are not too sure about uni, get them to make you this. It's delicious!! (yelp.com/biz_photos/n0nQ…)Overall So Sushi is 5 stars! Ryu & Taka are super friendly, fun, and hilarious! They know good sushi for the traditionalists and not so traditional, you just have to let them know. They'll make any sushi or sushi roll you like. Just make sure you let the sushi shine and not drown it any special sauces.Visit soon, they offer a grand opening discount of 10% off until September 22!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2012,11/10/2012,55,217,4,6,5>OMG! This was my first CMYE ( Community Memeber Yelp Event)  and I was blown away! Brittany organized a wonderful event. Once inside, we were served the miso clam soup, and corn tempura salad! It was my first time to have corn tempura. Interesting and tasty. The next course was on a big plate with Gone in 60 seconds. It's a deep fried wonton cone with something devine and GONE IN 1 second! I love the Baked mussel and the bacon wrapped shrimp, and the yummy sashimi on a wonton? Three muskateers? My favorite sashimi dish was the Hama Pena. Citris with a jalapeno kick.  The sushi rolls were also inhaled and I cannot tell you what the names of these rolls were, as they were served quickly, but no soy sauce needed. These were tasty on their own. The dessert was simple and ok. Mochi ice cream and cantelope. The sake served in between the courses were all good. I enjoyed the Kappa, and the final Yuzu infused sake the best. Overall, I truly enjoy meeting new Yelp elite members! Sara, Robert, Bela, and Mel! We met  in line outside, and decided to sit together, and it was wonderful sharing stories and getting to know each other! I posted photos. Thank you again Brittany! /eriko
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,11/9/2012,279,371,8,10,6>WARNING: this is not where you wanna come to on a first date...Not because the food isn't good, but because their popular menu items are the shellfish steamers and these suckers are MESSY!!! They are sold by the pound and your options include: shrimp, clams, mussels, crab, and king crab legs. You also have the option of adding corn, sausage, or potatoes to your bag. Please do, you will not regret this. We opted for a pound of the shrimp and a pound of the crab. The chosen menu items came drenched in their cajun garlic butter sauce, which comes in mild, medium, and spicy. We went for the spicy and we survived, it really wasn't too bad and we still enjoyed our meal. Another word of caution, this one is for the squeamish ones: the shrimp come whole, meaning they have their heads attached and their beady little boiled eyes are staring back at you... Yeah... not my favorite part. The crab was a decent size and we received it as a whole, not just the legs.We also had the seafood linguini which was pretty tasty. I could definitely tell they'd used a seafood broth. There was no shortage of mussels or clams. But it really was an unfair paring with the steamers. They stole the show.OK here come my gripes, ready?#1 No bread for that wonderful cajun, garlic sauce! What the frick? Ok, ok, they have rice. I didn't think this through too well. Next time I have a plan.#2 The music selection was better suited for a backyard boogie. Sounds like a good thing right? Yes and no. There's just something about hearing how it ain't no fun if the homies can't have none with a 9 year old sitting behind me that makes me feel uncomfortable. And it wasn't the radio version either, full on expletives and all. Bad right? It gets better... Thug Passion came on immediately after. BOTTOM LINE: Great food, decent prices. Good service, but they really need to do something about their music selection.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,11/8/2012,221,141,10,15,11>I pretty much crave sushi like a pregnant woman but I don't have the bank roll to go to Sushi Gen on a weekly basis. So, if you need a sushi fix, don't want to spend tons of dough, and are in the Westsiiide of LA...you know that this place is a gem.In my opinion, Sushi Stop is a gift from the gods.$2.75 per item (after tax $3 even per)Bonus for this location: free and convenient parking garageNot bonus for this location: they don't have the ginger or wasabi lying out around the restaurant. the other location does. at this location you have to wait to get some wasabi and ginger with your sushi.RECOMMENDATIONS - You must get:- Aburi White Tuna (guaranteed favorite of everyone I recommend it to)- Las Vegas Roll (brilliant combo of crunch, spicy tuna, and eel)- Spicy Tuna Tempura (spicy tuna...deep fried?...duh)- Popcorn Shrimp (another guaranteed hit)You should try:- Crispy Rice (it's not one that's great to share, kind of only for one person and not the best bang for your buck...but it is bomb)- Baked Whitefish (Baked Salmon is good too, but I prefer Baked Whitefish...it's pretty saucy and drenched in spicy mayo...but if you're into that it's pretty good)Save your money and stomach room by not ordering:- Cucumber Salad- Tempura- Green Salad- Tofu Salad--- nothing wrong with these things, just not what you should get when at Sushi Stop.If you have room for dessert:- Get the banana tempura...trust meAlways check the board for specials and new and exciting and delicious things.You can't really go wrong with sushi stop, try it all.Tips:- If you're with a big group just order a handful of filler rolls like: Eel Avocado, Salmon Avocado, Spicy Scallop. Those rolls come with 8 pieces per order, so along with all the specialty rolls, they're delicious and help fill everyone up. They're basically the best bang for your buck. Think of them as gourmet versions of sushi you get at supermarkets...just delicious and fresh and cheap. BOOM!- If you're with someone who isn't ordering much and you wanna order something to make sure that you get full...get a rice bowl. For $3 you get plenty of rice and chicken. It's honestly enough to fill you up if you were to eat one during a quick lunch break or snack...so in combo with rolls you'll be sure that you're full.- The line gets longggg on week/end nights. Just be prepared to wait but the line generally moves pretty quickly. If you're going to go in a group larger than say...4...just be willing to split up, otherwise, you'll never get seated. Unless you go and wait before opening...which I may or may not have done on multiple occasions.Verdict: I love sushi stop.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,11/7/2012,386,490,15,18,18>I live in Torrance (club is free for locals Wednesday), the music is fun, bottles are inexpensive, and there's always a girl for everyone's taste....from what I've noticed. I visit the Rhino once every couple of months, usually for a celebration or just a random night out. I always have a great time specially when they do their stimulus package...$5 lap dances on the floor :) I'm not a girl-on-girl player BUT I do admire some nice T&A, a cute smile, and baby soft skin. The private dances range from $15-$30 depending on how many songs. Being a girl visiting a strip club has its benefits...I can touch the girls in places the guys can't :) I love couples lap dances too...stripper touches me, i touch her, and my man touches me....I'm getting the most play :D Lol So...who has their bills ready? Let's GO!!!!Tip: If you wear RHINO gear then you get in free ;)
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,11/6/2012,474,445,12,13,12>If you told me this morning that by tonight I would loo like a human pin cushion, I would have laughed. Having a bad back is simply no bueno. Hong's is near my office and I have been considering trying acupuncture for a while to help relieve the pain. Today, I turned my back on Western Medichne for some old Eastern stuff.I must admit, it is sorta weird to have a random man jamming needles into your body, but I went with it. The funny thing is, the insertion didn't hurt, but after a few minutes I certainly noticed a soreness.I followed up my needle work with some good old fashion electro shock therapy (ok, maybe that is not really want it is called) and my back feels great!Of course, one data pont does not make a trend, nor does two. I gonna giving this some time to see if it helps. So far, so good...
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,11/5/2012,130,532,16,21,20>Sorry El Pollo Inka, you're no longer my favorite Peruvian restaurant in the South Bay. Why you may ask? Because El Rocoto has something you don't have.....Lucuma Daiquiri!! After coming back from Peru last July, I've been obsessed with this fruit from Peru. If you've never tried it, the flavor is hard to describe but it has sort of a caramel-y taste to it. They also serve lucuma ice cream here, I'm assuming they used this for their daiquiri. I've had their ceviche, calamari, lomo saltado, fried yucca, and even an oxtail pasta dish. Their arroz con pollo is also very good with the cilantro sauce. They also have the Chifa style menu, which is their take on Chinese food. I saw tons of Chifa style places in Peru and it is pretty similar to what El Rocoto has.I've never had problems with service every time that I've been here. Prices I think are a tad more expensive than El Pollo Inka but I think the food is better. This place definitely makes me miss Peru.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,11/4/2012,521,286,16,20,17>Excellent Tamales, with a free side dish of changed world view.The sign says "no lard." So, are you out of REAL tamales?! Try one, said the Tamale siren.  Wow.  Moist, flavorful, and very good!  The chef was there, too, just hanging out. He said he grinds the corn and makes the masa from scratch, grinding it himself.  I believe him, it's that good.  I thought lard (Manteca in Espanol) was as important to Tamale masa as a hot dog was to a hot dog. And good Tamales from a Gringo cart?!  Unheard of.  So that's two  fewer world views I can cling to.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,11/3/2012,750,550,36,37,36>Boy, if I had the cash, I'd eat here everyday.My friend raved about this place, but when we pulled up I can admit I was a bit skeptical.  The place looked like a small hole in the wall in the valley, while I love those, I wasn't expecting a miracle.I thought it was funny that they actually carded me, cause usually these asian joints don't really care.  Second, I thought it was funny that the lady thought i was a woman in my drivers license (it probably doesn't help that my wallet is a pink hello kitty one)The menu is simple, straight forward.  Everything was awesome.  I love how everything had its own distinct flavor, subtle nuances that I enjoyed.  Whereas most sushi restaurants it all starts tasting the same.  The fish was buttery and sweet, some more spicy than I anticipated (which I enjoy) and everything was perfection.  I wish I had been able to take pics of everything but I didn't wanna be a buttface and annoy everyone I came with.  A great meal, a bit pricey if you got a big appetite for fish like I do, but every now and again the budget just gotta take a hit.  This is why I can never save any money :(
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,11/2/2012,243,99,9,26,28>Hair is important. It's the first thing people see and can either make you look like a celebrity or someone who can't get it together. When it's time to get your hair in gear and you want someone who's got the talent and experience to make you a standout, look no further than Lee Ka Ja Beauty Salon. Haesue gave me an award-worthy makeover and took my tresses from the D-list to the silver screen! Beverly Hills salons aren't the only destination to get a Hollywood it-list hairstyle. Lee Ka Ja is a hidden gem and anything but pretentious. I walked in looking like the unfortunate looking new girl at school before she gets made over and initiated into popularity. The Lee Ka Ja salon boasts a modern, subdued elegance. Plush black leather chairs soften the straight lines of the ebony-framed mirrors that stamp clean beige walls. The neutral color palette, light wood floors, and bronze accents bring an elegant air. The high-end salon feel comes from the it's latest and greatest appliances, complete with chrome track lighting and a heated toilet seat. Lee Ka Ja is the place to go for Beverly Hills treatment without the Beverly Hills attitude and prices. I put my hair into the skilled hands of Haesue for the red carpet treatment: cut, color, and Brazilian Blowout. Being a lady of impeccable, stylish-on-a-budget taste, $300 for all 3 services was definitely A-lister treatment at a quarter of the price. If you want star treatment, go here!With 21 years of expertise, I knew Haesue could turn my do-it-yourself/cosmetology student experiment into a style fit for the big screen. From the moment Sue began working on me, I knew my locks were in the hands of someone who really knows their craft. Taking a brunette to a dark blonde can turn into a horror flick fast without a skilled director. Haesue is amazing with color and deserves an oscar for her tinting performance! She chose two colors that matched my preference and would complement my skin tone. The process began as she and her assistant combined the two shades of dye throughout my hair, thoroughly distributing the color all over in layers to achieve a natural looking dye job. She gave my 'do new dimension with scene-stealing color! Move over Frederic Fekkai! Haesue is on the cutting edge of what's hot and brings her many years of experience to every snip and clip. During the haircut, Haesue carefully trimmed and shaped my locks to match my personality and preference in addition to the celeb photo. She is a master hairdresser, expertly sculpting my tresses to the perfect degree. Once dry, my new 'do revealed a haircut that's not only current and stylish, but one that fits my bone structure and personal taste. I was SO happy with the cut and color combo! A seat in Sue's chair and I went from nothing of measure to a Hollywood treasure!Immediately following the cut, I entered phase 3 of operation beautification and a formaldehyde-free Keratin formula was applied to my hair. The Salon's Brazilian Keratin Treatment promises smooth, frizz-free hair for up to 3 months. They definitely delivered on their promise.The process left me with silky, wash-and-go hair and it completely cut drying time to minutes. BEFORE Brazilian Keratin Treatment: a frizz-ball that looks like sadness and feels like straw. AFTER Brazilian Keratin Treatment: silky, amazingly smooth, straight hair that I can't stop running my fingers through. My damaged, over-processed strands were transformed into pristine, never been touched tresses! I was literally shocked at how little styling I have to do to make it look picture perfect.After my service, I felt like a million dollars. Haesue gave me the celebrity treatment and itt was exactly what I wanted! I rushed home to take photos right afterwards to make it a part of my beauty history.  I felt like a movie star who just saw a world-famous stylist at a high-end salon, but only paid the equivalent of a movie extra's salary. I could not believe the level of service I received at such an inexpensive price - WHAT A BARGAIN! When my frazzled follicles need sprucing, I will take them to Lee Ka Ja where dull strands are transformed to accentuate my natural beauty!
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/1/2012,681,702,15,19,19>Giant space!This venue is used for events, art displays, and craft markets. I've been here several times, and have always been impressed by the art displayed. The almost 2,000 square foot gallery and 1,000 + square foot arts center are available for rent. It's a nice big, open space, with high ceilings, so it's the perfect venue for an arts-related event.They also provide a very inexpensive location for aspiring artists to display their art during Bixby Knolls First Fridays. firstfridayslongbeach.comI'm a fan!
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,10/31/2012,238,112,5,21,12>Finally!! Finally the West Valley has an amazing restaurant and lounge that has both cool ambiance and amazing food. I too often have to compromise. Not any more. This is a place I plan on visiting often and taking friends.It's a little hard to see - on Oxnard near Canoga, set back a little. If I hadn't been told about Cafe Fiore, I wouldn't have known it now exists. You'd never guess that behind the clean brick exterior on Oxnard (next door to the Equinox sports club, between Canoga and Owensmouth) is a soothingly lit martini lounge and restaurant, with great atmosphere and cool tunes playing in the background (Oh, and they'll have live music soon!). The place oozes cool right from the great lounge area with couches and cabanas, to the deli and restaurant, right out to the cabanas on the patio. This is the perfect place to grab a cocktail and dinner on a summer evening, or take friends for lunch.The cocktails are exquisite and exotic, made by their crafty mixologists. I had an amazingly refreshing avocado martini - rum, avocado, mango and lime. Then I tried the Thai Lassi, with tangerine and jalapeno - sweet, spicy and exotic. AND, surprisingly, their happy hour prices are suuuuuuper reasonable.  Everything I tried was incredibly tasty and well made.I will be back again and again and again - for dinner, for lunch, for happy hour, anytime.(Excuse the bad cell phone photos. They do not do Cafe Fiore's great decor and atmosphere justice).Hey, I found better photos here: facebook.com/media/set/?…
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,10/30/2012,209,142,12,15,16>I've never been a huge fan of chili. It's just not my thing or popular in my family culture. So, I'm surprised how much I liked Tub's Fine Chili. The Bread Bowl is cool, but it is the chili that I like. Get free samples to find the one you like. For me, the best was the Triple B with beef, bacon, and beans.and Steak Town with steak.I came for the Scout Mob 50% discount which really makes it a good deal. Now, I can't wait to go back on a cold or rainy day. Parking is free and the service is really friendly. It's fast food that's already prepared, but at least its warm and makes me full. A bonus is the table with "saddle seats."
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,10/29/2012,1439,286,16,13,11>3 For $5..1 word:  Churros.Why such a damn great deal?  Because they know what's up if the stupid seagulls come flying by like some hungry as hell pterodactyles who need to feed their baby pterodactyles after them! Haha!! Oh man, these churros are F'n delicious!  You cannot beat 3 for $5 for the quality in taste and cool, free beach atmosphere, minus the quarters you have to pump into the meters.Warm, toasty and crisp on the outside...cold and moist in the inside.  Tastes just like a nice, hot, then warm, virginal (Yelp colorful word expletive)!!!!!!  Real type though... get your churros and run because those seagulls will try to snatch them and/or eat them inside El Torito or that Korean seafood restaurant if they let you in before the Seagull invasion for your brown Donatello staffs!  All in all, GREAT customer service, affordable food...what's not to love!?  5 STARS!!!!!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,10/28/2012,1821,475,14,14,14>I love everything about this place minus the line. Super cool concept that pretty much involves 2 steps: Build your pizza then eat the damn thing!  And if a delicious build you own pie isn't enough then GET THE BURRATA. Its only 5 bucks and at that price its the pound for pound burrata champ in LA!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,10/27/2012,1537,605,24,14,13>Great place to take a cool chick.Forget the dinner plans and drive straight to the shooting range instead.1) Rent a gun or bring your own. My last visit I brought a Glock 19 and Glock 17.2) Load the ammo, aim and fire.3) BLAM BLAM BLAM BLAM4) Let her shoot the sh!t out of the targets.5) Tell her she looks HOT while shooting that gun.6) She will always remember the date even if you turn out to be a loser in the end!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,10/26/2012,1437,1829,18,18,18>This place is super shady when you get here early.My friends and I came here to hang out during Thanksgiving.  We had a ton of fun.  Two of my friends got here before me and they could have sworn the music stopped and the whole bar was staring at them when they walked in.  They thought I was playing a joke on them by sending them there.Later on in the night there were a ton of people.  We had a ton of fun hanging out here, drinking cheep beers and playing pool!  There were actually a few expert pool players already there.The bar easily handled the big group of people, as well as our big group of friends.  Everyone had a ton of fun!  I would come back!
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,10/25/2012,2650,519,23,11,14>It's Saturday afternoon and I wanted to catch up on sleep.  What better way to do this than to step down to Venice Beach and lay out?I like to lay down with a cap covering my face (the sun gets so bright even dark sun-glasses can't do the trick). Then I have my iPod shuffle on playing my favorite tunes. At this point I am pretty much shut off from the rest of the world, it's me, my music and the sun. It took me about 20 mins to finally doze off....oh gawd it felt so good, for like 10 seconds.All of a sudden I was jolted out of my sleep. Someone tapped my arm. A blonde gentleman was talking to me.  When I finally came to....it turned out he was asking for time. I was still delirious....reached for my cell phone and told him, "it's 3pm." "Thank you," he saidsI was a little annoyed, but whatever.....as I was about to go back to my previous position.Then he goes, "would you like a MASSAGE?"What the fuck is wrong with this dude?! I was livid. I maybe temporarily mentally incapacitated but my instincts are on high alert....in other words, don't fuck with me. "NO thank you..." of course I was fighting so hard to be a "good" Sharr.I couldn't go back to sleep afterwards. Who goes out of their way to bug a girl with a cap on her face, headphones in her ears and was probably snoring, to solicit a massage?! I am just tired of random men asking me if I want a massage. For the record, i DO NOT want a massage from anyone except my boyfriend and my masseuse Curtis (at Optimal Health). Do not Yelp me, do not PM me, do not FB me...and certainly DO NOT wake me up while I'm asleep at any beach.Anywho, that is one of the many true stories I experienced at Venice Beach.I still love that beach, God dammit. You really can't beat the convenience, the sunsets, the sunrises, the ocean breeze......and yes, even the crazies.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,10/24/2012,791,331,13,16,16>Their name is a bit confusing to say the least, the quality and variety of Peruvian dishes is thankfully not.. As with many of the South American cultures there are heavy asian influences.  The offer a slew of Chinese influenced Peruvian menu items, hence the slightly misleading name.  We came in towards closing so finding a seat was no problemo. I suspect they may get a bit busier on the weekends.  We were greeted and immediately seated.  The Aji, two kinds, a rojo and and verde both spicy and both spot on were brought to us with some oven fresh rolls while we perused the menu.  We were hungry so this really hit the spot.  We ordered the following and it was enough for the three of us to share.   Appetizer Ceviche Mixto Seafood & fish with onions, cilantro, corn and potatoes marinated in lemon juice and spices. A bit of everything, clams, mussels, squid, white fish, a bit heavy on the all spice but very light and overall well prepared.    yelp.com/biz_photos/Afk2…Entree  Guiso de Pescado  Fish ( Tilapia) steamed with onions, tomatoes and spices with rice we added a side of  Platano Frito  Fried plantain. The fish was light and flaky, perfect for a later evening meal. A few pin bones still present but no big deal, the plantains were so so. yelp.com/biz_photos/Afk2…Dessert Alfajores Latin American shortbread and dulce de leche treat! Brought in froma Peruvian bakery and ohh soo amazing.  yelp.com/biz_photos/Afk2…All in all a pleasant  Peruvian experience in a modest setting.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,10/23/2012,1682,713,23,34,30>I'm glad I found this place on Yelp.  It seems to be somewhat under the radar but I tell you, they do serve up some really good food here.I came for lunch and it's in a somewhat worn down strip mall which could be why it's not well-traversed.  It's a diamond in the rough though because I really liked the ramen I ate here.They have different kinds of ramen that I've haven't heard of  before like Jiro and Tsukemen as well as ones I'm familiar with such as Tonkotsu, Shoyu, Miso and Chasyu.I ordered the tonkotsu ramen for $7.95 and the seasoning of the broth was really on point, however very thick and heavy that it made me feel a bit sluggish after lunch.  In addition to the 4 delicious tender pieces of chasu and 1/2 a boiled egg, there were diced onions and sweetened bamboo shoots.  There was also tiny pieces of pork fat floating in the broth which I carefully tried to avoid which each spoonful.  I noticed that my bowl only had a 1/2 a boiled egg which was slightly chilled as if just taken out of the refrigerator.  The menu depiction showed the order with two halves so I asked the waitress about this and she said they used to serve it that way but changed it.  She said if I wanted an extra egg, it was $0.50.  I passed because it wasn't that important although I wanted to say that this was false advertising but whatever.I liked that the noodles were straight and firm which is my preferred style of noodle rather than the curly egg noodles some place serve.In addition, I ordered a small side of chahan (Japanese fried rice) for $2.50.  This was sooo delicious.  It wasn't dry like some places make it but was moist and lightly coated with oil to give it that shine and flavor, and came mixed with scrambled egg, onions, green onions and generous pieces of tender pork.  I could eat a huge plate of this and would probably go back again just because of it, it was that good.  I didn't need to add anything to it like I've had to do at other places.The restaurant is small and at the time, they only had one server but she was skilled at darting back and forth attending to everyone.I noticed the next table order some gyoza but they were blackened on the bottom as if overcooked instead of the lighter brown it's supposed to be.  I attribute this to the fact that there was only one chef busily preparing everything.  In addition, the table was served a complimentary plate of these small hot dogs with a side of ketchup.  I noticed they had ordered what I surmise was the Tsukemen ramen which is a big bowl of chasu, eggs, cabbage and ramen noodles served with a side bowl of broth into which they dipped the various goodies from their bowl.I'd like to return again soon to try some of the other ramen bowls and to enjoy some cha-han because what I had was definitely tasty.  It's frequented by a lot of Japanese people so I guess that's saying something.  Unemoya is truly a great place to satisfy one's ramen fix.  If you can't go for lunch, that's okay because they're open until 3:00 am.  : )
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,10/22/2012,3170,1316,24,30,30>**THE STINKIEST AND HAPPIEST PLACE ON MONTANA**I dedicate my 1000th review  HERE!How grateful I am for this place!The most amazing cheeses!SERVICE=======Super friendly and knowledgeable. They pack and wrap your cheese. Upon request, they will provide you with an info card about your selected cheese. LOVE!ATMOSPHERE===========Small shop, but they have the basics: bread, wine, and hello, CHEESE.PRICES=======Not the cheapest, but it's GOURMET, biatches! I can get a small piece for under $5 for my picnic meals.CONCLUSION===========Perfect place to pick up some beautiful cheeses for sandwiches, picnics, meals, whatever, fits your stinky fancies.SIDE NOTE: They also offer sandwiches, but I haven't tried, I like making my own.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2012,10/21/2012,1441,859,27,31,30>I can't believe that I haven't done a review on Yelp for Duke's Malibu!?  I had an opportunity to have lunch here today with colleagues.  BABY WHALES!!!  Right outside our window, there were baby whales swimming around!  It was kind of neat to have all of the customers stand together and cheer each time that the baby whale came to the top of the water.  Oohhhh & ahhhhhh!!!!    Only at Duke's Malibu.   We totally appreciated how the waiters went to each table telling everyone to look for the whales. Everyone had FUN!The atmosphere here is amazing!  This is the only restaurant that has clear and beautiful views of the pacific ocean.  I've seen dolphins, whales, seagulls, and other fishes when I dine at Dukes.The wait staff are super friendly and helpful!  We walked in the door and were greeted by 5-6 of the staff and host employees!  Huge smiles, friendly faces!  Super classy!Dukes has an amazing lunch menu.  Most of the dishes range from $8 - 12.  Great selection of dishes (fish and chips, salad, burgers, etc).For my appetizer, I had the sashimi (tuna, $12.99 for about 6 slices).   The sashimi was average to below average quality (come'on, I'm from Hawaii and am very picky with my sashimi).  You could tell the fish was frozen previously.  It was served on a bed of pea sprouts and sliced raw daikon radish (which had a bitter bite).  It was served with a mix of edamame and fresh cucumber pieces - no flavors and uninspired.  Grade:  C+For my lunch, I had the ceasar salad with grilled mahimahi.  The mahi mahi was the best part of the salad. You could tell it was quality fish and it was grilled to perfection, where the outside was seared (with grill marks!) and the inside was tender juicy.  It sat upon a bed of rmaine lettuce and shaved fresh parm.    The actual salad was good, but not memorable.  The dressing tasted like it was from a bottle (which it probably was).  The portion was very generous, which I appreciated!  Grade:  B+Upon exiting the restaurant, all 5-6 employees thanked us for coming in and asked us to come back again!  What royalty treatment!   I'll be back!Food Grade:  BService Grade:  B+Value for the money grade:  B+Overall impression grade:  B+
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,10/20/2012,760,197,4,12,8>Way over due review on their last DineLA.First of all, the restaurant itself is perched right by the SM beach on the top floor of the Huntley Hotel. The view is spectacular!! The crowd is young, hip and eye-candy worthy and the food is decent for a very Hollywood-esque hotel restaurant.C and I each ordered different things from the DineLA menu to try all that they can offer.Appetizers.Crab Cakes: yelp.com/user_local_phot… I love crab cakes so this was naturally my choice.  Although small in size, this was a solid appetizer with lumps of crab meat battered and deep fried to golden crisp. The asian fusion sauce adds an interesting twist.Sauteed Rock Shrimp, Creamy Grits: yelp.com/user_local_phot… C's choice, plenty of rock shrimp on a bed of grits. The shrimp was a little salty, but the grits helped dilute the flavor down a bit.Entres.Pan Seared Diver Scallops: yelp.com/user_local_phot… My choice for entree. Although tender and flavorful, the scallops were very small in portions. I felt like I barely had a few bites to eat and it was already gone.Short Rib Pasta: yelp.com/user_local_phot… Plenty of short rib and not enough pasta.  If you can tell from the picture, there was literally a sheet of pasta noodle swimming in the pool of meat. It would have tasted better had there been more carbs that goes along with the protein. Desserts.Profiteroles: yelp.com/user_local_phot… My dessert. Fluffy, puffy profiteroles stuffed with creme and drizzled with warm, dark chocolate sauce. This was a very nice ending for me. I could just pour the dark chocolate sauce straight into my mouth.Chocolate Bread Pudding: yelp.com/user_local_phot… C's dessert choice.  It tasted more like a molten chocolate cake to me rather than bread pudding.  If the texture is a bit more dense, it would have been better.Overall, it was a great meal at a gorgeous restaurant with beautiful people.  Request to be seated by the window so you can maximize your people and scene watching.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/19/2012,251,205,8,12,11>If you should receive an invitation to Akira-Ya.... get excited. Cause it's probably the best thing that will happen to you all year. From the moment you walk in, the chefs greet you with warm hospitality. Literally all that is expected of you for the next 5+ hours is just to eat, drink, be comfortable, and just enjoy life.I experienced the Akira-Ya Thai tasting menu, which took me beyond my usual Pad See Ew and into the world of legit Thai food. Started off with some veggies and ranch and BBQ'd Portuguese Sausage platter. I was tempted to dip the Portuguese sausage into the ranch, but I resisted. I now regret it.Next out was some bomb Char Siu Pork! The sauce was sweet and the pork was perfectly done. Now, before we get any further, let me take a couple shots of vodka and eat a CHEESEBURGER TACO made by Travis I.The cheeseburger taco alone needs to be made into its own multi million dollar business. The burger was perfect, the cheese melted into the meat so that the flavors were inextricably combined. Served on a warm corn tortilla fresh off the grill, with hot sauce and shredded lettuce. I could have eaten 10 of them.Next it was on to... more vodka shots with the chefs... and then the Thai goodies.Wontons - These were decadent and oh-so-unhealthy but didn't have an overbearing grease taste like you get with most restaurant or delivery wontons.Tom Kha Gai - This is my go-to Thai dish and it was hands down the highlight of my evening. Coconut soup is my all time favorite but I hate when the coconut water separates and gets too watery. This soup had some legit dairy-tasting creaminess to it that kept its consistency the whole time.More vodka.Tara C.'s Chicken Satay - The chicken was SO peanutty delicious! I am all about dipping things, especially if it comes on a stick, but these skewers had the sauce perfectly grilled right into the meat. No dipping necessary even for this condiment fiend.Spicy Beef Salad - Can yall bottle this dressing and start selling it at the Farmer's Market or something? I love me anything spicy with a lot of vinegar. Cucumbers were a nice crunch and the beef melted in your mouth.And, now, to fully induce your food coma, 2 rice based dishes!Franklin's Curry - This had all the comfort food goodness of a Japanese curry, but with a Thai twist. Spices were perfect. If I could cook this myself, I would eat it on every rainy day.Trav's Thai Fried Rice - Perfect level of moistness to this dish! Most fried rice gets dried out in the frying process... but not at Akira-Ya! General consensus was that this dish could've been saltier. I'm not a big salt person, but I could see where they were coming from. I think I would've rather had a dash of Sriracha than some salt, though.Thank you Akira-Ya for the invitation, and thank you to every one of the chefs for an amazing night! LOVE!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/18/2012,381,296,11,12,11>Oh dearrrrr another great ramen joint in the South Bay. I will get fat(ter)!! Hokkaido style, whatever that means :P The spicy ramen is amazing. The broths are all thick and creamy and the noodles have a nice chewy consistency. They skimp on the pork portion, unlike the ginormous piece you get at Powerhouse Yamadaya. I recommend anyhow.My only complaints were that the service was a little sucky and the food was very salty. The girl taking our order failed to inform us it was happy hour, she didn't come by at all to check on us, & took forever to give us our bill. Also, I was dying of thirst only 1/4 of the way into my meal. Every mouthful was rudely interrupted with chugs of water.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,10/17/2012,190,125,6,9,9>Super popular- often with a long wait outside... but there's definitely reason for it's popularity. I just fed four adults and one kid for $31! Really? Really? Where else can you do that?Crazy affordable and yummy too!Free valet parking around the corner (though you better tip, cheapass).
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,10/16/2012,189,97,7,9,8>Cheap, good service, and pretty good. This place isn't the Ritz, but this is the place you go when you want a quick bite. This place is like your neighborhood unhealthy, but delicious pizza place.I had the Italian which was delicious. My sig other altered his Philly Cheese so its just meat and cheese and bread, which was pretty good. You can really taste the meat. I would definitely come here again, and I plan on trying the pizza or pasta.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2012,10/15/2012,157,340,7,9,7>Next Door by Josie is a modern tapas style bar/restaurant with small plates and a few bigger plates. The ambiance is trendy and casual, unlike the more refined sister restaurant, Josie. The food is however very well executed and presented.Their wine list gives you the option of half glasses so you can try more varieties.We ordered the deviled eggs.. (crazy good). the burrata with beets and arugula, the shrimp and grits, and the veggie pot pie. The pot pie was my least favorite but I think it was because everything else was more seasoned..The happy hour is only for people seated at the bar. Next time I will try their charcuterie plate. Looked really good.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,10/14/2012,561,853,7,8,8>Either this place improved the quality of their pastries, or I made one heck of an error last year when I tried this place.  A few months ago, the law office where I work had a wedding shower for one of my co-workers, and everyone raved about the cake that was purchased from Sara J's.  I couldn't attend the party, so I didn't get to experience it for myself, but the fact that EVERYone raved, well, I figured I needed to check it out again someday.This past Friday at work was awful.  One of my life philosophies is that something sweet will erase pretty much anything bad.  Obviously, there will be exceptions, but in this instance, I knew it'd do the trick.  On my lunch hour, I drove down the street to Sara J's and picked up one of each pastry in mini form.....they had plenty to choose from.  It was the perfect size, so that even the health conscious couldn't argue its petite size.Not only were all the ladies so appreciative, I heard many ooh's and aah's echo throughout our office because they were so delicious.  (One person told me I was her hero...LOL.)  I got the last one left, which was mango flavor, very light sponge cake, with a white chocolate shell and mango topping.  It was DELICIOUS.  WOW!!!!  Here's the funny part... I re-read what I wrote one year ago, and I said the mango had no flavor.  That is total opposite of what I experienced this past Friday.  It was abounding with mango flavor, and I loved every bite of it.  In fact, I wish I could have tried more pastries, but these were very rich and decadent, no matter how small they were.  Just one more reason to return (probably for someone's birthday or another day when work gets to be too much).Sara J, I was wrong about you.  You make some decadent pastries and will become one of my go-to places for such items.  I may even want to venture into your sandwich items one of these days and give those a try, too !!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,10/13/2012,231,311,8,10,10>Moo Moo B**ch get out the way! Kept passing this restaurant for quite some time and decided to check em out.  I'm not a big fan of curry but after I tried their Yellow Curry Chicken, I was hooked. Now some of ya'll might think whatever it's all the same...well I'm telling you now, I really enjoyed this one!! I'm craving it right now.  I also tried their Kra-Pow Crispy Pork and again I am not a huge fan of pigs BUT I decided to try this dish.  AND it was really good...ordered it mild but I can imagine the spicy option is on fire! I liked the crunchiness from the little chopped green beans and from the pork, everything mixed well said my taste buds. The young coconut juice is a perfect addition to wash down the yummy foods!!!  I'm really glad I stopped in to try your food!! Made me smile and my belly happy as well :)  Our waitress was very sweet and customer service friendly, thank you for that!The only thing I would suggest is to change the chairs, felt like my booty could fall through the back part (shrug) LOL!Thank you, yes, I'll come again.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,10/12/2012,391,361,9,10,10>What a night!  Definitely one of my favorite Yelp events that I have attended, the entertainment, food and venue was all amazing.   I love the atmosphere of Bogies with mostly outdoor seating including the bar area which is perfect for this warm summer night.    Bogies overlooks the lake that separates itself from the golf course and Pacific Tennis Club, it's a great place to gather with friends for some drinks and tasty bites. They serve up good drinks,  I enjoyed the Hummus with pita chips and flavorful pizzas of different varieties I especially enjoyed the spicy pizza and the mushroom one with garlic.  I also had Potato Balls with mushrooms and rice and all over creaminess inside.  The entertainment "Fire Grove" was HOT! Literally   ;)   Gals and Guys playing with fire...nothing more hot than that...yep nothing.  I loved that they came back out for a 2nd performance too. They also had an entertaining live band playing, it's the perfect kind of music where you can still talk with your friends and enjoy the tunes too, this band had a guy on guitar, drums and chello,  they play every Tuesday night and since this place is almost in my backyard I will definitely be back to enjoy their tunes, the food and the awesome atmosphere.Thank You Brittany!!! This was yet another awesome event.   As always I met some really cool yelpers too!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/11/2012,663,264,7,19,13>I've known about Kagura for awhile now, but I never really wanted to try it. Why? Because I was never a huge fan of tonkatsu... That is, I wasn't a fan until I went to Japan. In Japan, I had the best tonkatsu of my life. It was the most juiciest piece of pork I've ever had. Nothing in the states had come close to it except for Kagura. Kagura's premium pork loin katsu is much fattier and juicier than the filet, so I highly recommend getting this cut. They have other katsu options as well as different combos to choose from. Dinner prices are on the expensive side, but it's a satisfying meal. The dinner combination comes with chawanmushi, salad, miso soup and small side dishes. Another favorite of mine was a recent discovery - fried edamame. The soybeans are lightly battered in tempura and fried. Ridiculously addicting, this appetizer dish is big enough to be shared, but you'll most likely want your own.The restaurant can get very busy during peak dinner hours, so be sure to make reservations to avoid a long wait. The service can be spotty, but that might be due to the dinner rush.There is a small parking lot in the back, but street parking is also available.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,10/10/2012,795,513,4,6,7>I found out about this place a few months ago when they first announced the opening on eaterla, it sounded really cool and definitely sparked my interest so of course it was bookmarked on my yelp.A friend had suggested we stop by here after dinner and I was really excited to check it out. The place is inconspicuous and yet unostentatious. After all its concealed behind a door in a barber shop. There was a small line outside the ordinary looking storefront but as you enter the white doors, you embark on this short walk to the secret room which had a bar, dj, and small tables lined with chairs. There's a small dance floor but often hidden by the crowds. The whole concept of a speakeasy near my house is awesome. Great spot to hang out with friends and grab a drink if you don't want to be seen. :)
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,10/9/2012,360,425,13,19,14>I am spoiled and can go to one of my many auntie's homes in LA for home-cooked Filipino food (with take home!).  So although I am a few miles from Carson (Filipino Town) I NEVER eat Filipino food in a restaurant there.  Sure, I'll drive to Glendale for Max's (their fried chicken is amazeee) or Pinoy Pinay in Cerritos for fresh 'lumpia' (eggrolls) or my fav  'sago't gulaman' (like a sugary tapioca drink with jello). Still, I don't go to Filipino places in Carson because the sit-down places were not that tasty like how my fam cooks and I don't like 'turo-turo' (cafeteria style point and choose dishes).  I like food cooked when I order because I am afraid that the food has been sitting there for HELLA LONG in room temp (germs!).  I have a cleanliness paranoia and might be kinda 'suplada' (stuck-up). I know.So what a refreshing change to have La Fang in the area, right next to Seafood City!  The place is in a pretty busy, small plaza.  I parked on the residential street to avoid the mess of pedestrians and backing up of cars every few seconds.  It is a small restaurant with a few tables and chairs.  It was a warm day and I sat right next to the fan! LOL!  It was a smooth move on my part.  I noticed a lot of to-go orders going on so note that if you need a good pick-up spot. Check out their website if you are unfamiliar with Filipino food!I enjoyed the food from the crispy pata to the noodles and fresh lumpia sariwa.  It was nice that the food was made to order and healthier than most Filipino places.  I am not gonna lie - I did eat a lot of crispy skin that was nice and fatty.  Oh hell to my health, it was delicious.  For $10 the crispy pata was larger than I expected. The crispy pork bone was a tasty and affordable meal that could be shared easily with 2-3 people.  I ate so much of it that I couldn't eat the noodles.  However, I took it to-go and the round microwavable dish was so convenient for when I ate it for brunch the next day - and it was still as delicious and not dry at all.  Pluses, for also being good leftover food because I don't usually eat leftovers.   Service was kind and not over-bearing. Also, the owner and cook were super friendly, even took the time to speak with us about our meal and their new restaurant. Great find! I'll return with Jenn G. to try the other dishes and breakfast!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,10/8/2012,5000,856,10,13,14>I stopped by PetSmart to pick up a few items for our African Water Frogs. Upon walking up to the store I observed that it was dog adoption day and as a dog lover I wanted to take them all home. It looked like people were leaving with dog beds so I am sure some lucky dogs found homes. I did notice that the event was sponsored by Bret Michaels the old lead singer of Poison.  I guess Bret Michaels supports and/or runs a rescue dog adoption program which is very cool. They had several dogs in cages inside and out of the store that if I had the room would now be living with me but 1 dog, 2 cats & 3 frogs is currently enough for our family. Well back to why I was at PetSmart. We have 3 African Water Frogs and they were in need of a new light for their aquarium. I found a killer deal of 2 lights for $3.99. I picked up 2 bunches of fresh plants for our frogs to chill in and eat in their tank and even found a clearance bin of dog toys and picked up a new squeaker toy for our bunny bug which she loved when I gave it to her. Our frogs love the plants, we put them into the tank and found them hiding in the plants several minutes laters chilling by the surface and/or sleeping. Even with the store being jam packed with people I was asked several times by staff members if I needed help during my shopping experience. After dealing with Petco where customer service is lacking this is now the go to spot. The prices are better than Petco, the selection is better than Petco, Petco is dirty PetSmart is clean etc etc etc.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/7/2012,980,260,38,19,22>Forgive me father, for I have sinned:LUST: Our male server was a most fine specimen, with a dark brown faux-hawk and a gentleman's mustache curled at the ends - a man straight off the cover of GQ. His attire was dark and form-fitted, and I thought to myself, "Now here's a well dressed man." GLUTTONY:  We ordered some HH appetizers whose names currently escape me. They involved meatballs (with pita bread), and a Thai noodle dish, both of which were absolutely delicious. Also, I ordered the keenan76 cocktail [heavenly + sweet - nolet, st. germain, fresh grapefruit juice, sparkling wine]. I intended to have only one you see but they were so good, I had three! I just couldn't help myself.GREED: There was two of us (even), and an uneven amount of meatballs. I found myself trying to sneak the last one while my dining companion turned to look at the church pews and ocean view I had pointed out to her. ENVY: Since we were sitting at a high-top communal table, I glanced over to see what the ladies sitting next to us were eating: Pao de queijo' Brazilian cheese bread with butter and spiced honey. As I saw one of them lift the round cheese ball with dripping honey to their mouth, I realized I was witnessing food porn, first hand. She looked so satisfied, and I wanted to be satisfied too, so I called our server over and said, "We'll have what she's having."  WRATH: Father, forgive me. When our servers - yes we had two! - had some miscommunication, it upset me quite a bit. I know I should be more patient, but for the price of the fare, I don't think it's too much to ask. PRIDE: The bill came and it was a touch on the high side. My dining companion offered to cover most of it but I had to throw down a little more than she was asking. I paid for it later, but the food was absolutely worth it. SLOTH: Forgive me father. I should have written this review much sooner!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,10/6/2012,2568,1290,13,17,14>There aren't too many things I like more than breakfast (aside of course from many many things). Fundamental has been on our radar for quite some time and we were very happy with the outcome. Inside is bright and open and their concept is fairly common these days; ever changing menus with a few staples that make the cut. Trying to keep breakfast light and healthy, I ordered the grits and their house-made cream soda, while the wife got some chicken and French toast. The cream soda was not my favorite. It was good for sure, but really tasted like they added some fizz and vanilla to normal milk, meh. yelp.com/biz_photos/atas…The grits however were outstanding. Perfectly cooked and perfectly buttery, the grits themselves were the star. Playing a major role in making this a standout grits dish were the large chunks of thick bacon, basically lardons, the well-executed sous-vide egg, and the thin layer of maple syrup that manned the parameter of the bowl. Each bite got an "ooo" and "ahh" from me. yelp.com/biz_photos/atas…The brioche French toast was alright, but the chicken was downright kickass. So crispy, so juicy, and so well-seasoned, this was the height of what chicken can be. I could have eaten a bucket of this and slipped into a food coma and never been happier.yelp.com/biz_photos/atas…Overall, it was a far better than average breakfast and a spot that I would be happy to return to.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,10/5/2012,601,374,8,11,10>Dark 'n sexy... Just the way I like my bars. Heh.Met up with two girlfriends here the other night to chat and catch up. Two of us waited for our third outside and when I saw her, I did the girly "Yaaayyy!!" and ran towards her with arms wide open.The bouncer raised his hands and said "Yaaaayyyy!!!" and that was when I knew The Otheroom and I could be friends.The bar was dark and packed on a Friday night. We managed to get there early enough to score a comfy seat for 3 in the area in back up the short flight of stairs. The waitress recommended a "girly raspberry beer" which was DELICIOUS and tasted like a fizzy juice... It didn't make me projectile vomit or pass out, so major points for that!We left around 1am after a solid night of story-swapping and playing catch-up. Chill vibe, on the sleeker side of similar spots in Venice, and perfect for a hot date or girls/boys night out.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2012,10/4/2012,392,810,11,12,12>"The food was excellent. Taken purely on its own merits, I greatly enjoyed that meal. But it was the biggest pain in the ass to get that creme brulee." -CPHe's got it right on the nose. We both really enjoyed our meals here but the service left a little to be desired. I saw this place a while ago on "Best Thing I Ever Ate" and they strongly recommended the coconut fried chicken. When CP asked me to meet him in Santa Monica for lunch I knew just where I wanted to go. It was time.We were both able to score parking spots in the tiny lot attached to the building but don't count on that. CP had already ordered and received food when I got there. His quesadilla looked both unique and absolutely sinfully good. My coconut chicken was just was I was hoping for. Once it was dipped in the sauce there was no stopping me. I also really enjoyed the sides. The beans and rice were yummy. The coleslaw was good. My cantaloupe aqua frescas was delicious. I could drink that non stop. CP said the restaurant reminded him of Cafe Brasil and I totally agreed. It was Cafe Caribbean. Great food with a fun kick.The only disappointing part of the meal was the end. CP had ordered pina colada creme brulee. He was lucky enough to get the last one of the day. The kind woman said she would set it aside for him but when we asked our server to bring it to us he insisted (multiple times) that they were out. I asked him if they were out because they never had any or if they were out because they sold the one they were saving for us? This went back and forth for a little bit (and he tried to force a different dessert on us but I would have preferred a refund) when finally CP asked the original lady who pulled it down from the high shelf of the refrigerator (apparently he couldn't see that high...). Then 15 minutes after that they brought it to us (I'm guessing they were crisping the top but boy did it almost make us late for our afternoon appointment). After all that the creme brulee was a bit of a let down. If we were just looking for creme brulee it would have been fine but since we expected a pina colada element we were disappointed. Way more creme brulee than pina colada. But seriously, that coconut chicken. I hear it calling me, "Tai, eat me, I'm coconutty and juicy and delicious. Dip me in that sauce." Oh I'm coming chicken. I'm cha cha-ing your way right now.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,10/3/2012,1939,571,11,18,17>WOO-HOO!  Rejoice Culver City and lower MidCity- you can now get about without sitting in hours of miserable traffic or dealing with damn near braindead drivers!  My current address is finally getting lucky, since it is so close to both easy Metro parking and a station.  For $1.50 one way (or $5 if you feel like going all over for a whole day), we can now go downtown and avoid the outrageous parking, idiot tourists, and gridlock.  Time to hit happy hours and all the places that used to be too inconvenient to try out!  I never thought I'd see the day when a public rail line would be of any use to me in LA, the most poorly laid-out city ever.  Right now, the line terminates in Culver City, but you can use it to get to the hub in DTLA, then change lines to all over the place.  The trains are clean, and move quickly and efficiently.  Ticket machins are easy and accept cash or credit/debit cards.  Good to finally see tax dollars making something useful.  Onward and westward!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,10/2/2012,1137,317,10,16,13>I recently discovered Bangkok West Thai a few weeks ago and have been ecstatic ever since! Good thai food a few blocks from work! YAY!!Thus far, I've had their lunch special Mint Leaf with Chicken, which was a tad too spicy for me, but was full of flavor! I've also had their Duck Noodle Soup which was amazing. I loved the broth! Good till the last drop.Great decor, efficient service, and lunch specials! I'm a total fan!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,10/1/2012,235,206,16,12,15>Good burgers without the attitude.No need to dress up or pay $$$ for a top notch burger when you can come to FAT BURGER! True or False:1.  Buns made in heaven? TRUE, they are pillow like buns made of clouds.2.  The burgers are salty. TRUE, but that is why god invented pepper & they are YUMMY! 3.  If u tasted one pattie u tasted them all. FALSE! These patties are made with love, u can see the little meat shreds begging to be devoured as they soothe your palate with their juiciness & flavor in very bite. 4. Stuffing the fries in your burgers adds to the perfection. TRUE5. Their milk shakes bring all the boys to the yard! FALSE, they bring all the boys and girls to the yard!6.  Staff is super nice & helpful in this locale. TOTALLY TRUE! This place is PHAT!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,9/30/2012,719,388,10,15,13>"Sometimes, you just want to give business to the local Mom-n-Pop store."It's a store for the outdoor and recreational enthusiast. Everything from clothing to gear, and all that lies between. Climbing gear, camping gear, backpacking gear, snow gear, all-weather clothing, running shoes, cross-training gear, hiking schtuff... Seriously, I could go on all day. "A-16," as it's known by it's fans, is just a GREAT option for all your outdoor needs. The staff is knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful. It's a win-win for rookies and veterans alike. **You can score your California State Park Adventure Pass here!!! $30 will get you 12 months of various privileges at trailheads, campsites, and parks throughout California. An extra $5 will get you a second vehicle pass -- a pretty killer deal.I love coming here for all the things I KNOW I love... In other words, all the things I'm sure I won't need to return. REI kinda dominates the all-purchases-guaranteed realm, so I tend to shop there for items I've yet to try, or things that need that "money-back guarantee." Still, nobody makes ya feel like you're helpin' out the little guy like shopping at A-16. So, for camping food, fuel, bio-safe soaps, and various passes and permits, I always head to A-16. Give 'em a shot. Even if you don't buy anything, a stroll through Adventure-16 is like a walk through the "great outdoors." If nothing more, it will remind you of all the things you are missing by trapping yourselves in cities, and failing to escape into the wild... Where we all came from to begin with.A-16 is a timeless locals favorite. Frozen in time, quality assured, educated staff, and just a plain good time. Thumbs up.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,9/29/2012,663,561,20,25,23>4 stars for Brian's Shave Ice.Great customer service. Patient and cordial.I was not much of a shave ice fan as a kid since my mom would never let me eat shave ice after school. I was frustrated though blindly believing mommy was never wrong. As an adult, I still don't see shave ice as a dessert destination, but tonight is different. That was a yummy and refreshing $4 shave ice dessert. I bet it'd taste better on a hot summer day.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,9/28/2012,2282,550,13,18,18>*500th review*I saved Veggie Grill for my milestone review because this place is stellar on all levels. From the super friendly service to the insanely delicious vegetarian fare, you can't go wrong at VG. Trust me, I'm not a vegetarian by any means, and it took a while before my BF could convince me to try this place. Fake meat? No meat? Are you kidding me?! I tried a vegan joint in Santa Monica once and it was quite tasteless. Since then, I've distanced myself from all these non-meat places.Finally, I relented. How bad could it be? My first trip was on a weekend during lunch. As we pulled up into the back parking lot, I started getting curious. The place was packed! I mean, how bad could it be if all these people were going?I ordered the Santa Fe Crispy Chickin with a side of cole slaw. Fried "chicken" with lettuce, tomato, onion and avocado. It came with a side of spicy vegan mayo. The food arrived and I dug in. WOWWOWOWOW.. WHAT?! How is this possible?! This shit was amazing! I couldn't even tell it wasn't chicken! Tempeh, you are now my friend. Since this first visit, I've been back too many times to count. How can I resist food that tastes good AND is good for you? Other highlights are the Grillin Chickin, Sweetheart Fries, Cauli-Mashed Potatoes, and Kale. You can't go wrong with the damn kale! I've asked for my sandwiches to be made kale style instead of on the bun. Kale lovers, rejoice! I'll be back again and again! This is definitely a successful restaurant and I'm excited to see how big it will expand. PIX- bit.ly/JFrWml
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2012,9/27/2012,4014,2434,23,36,30>***Gjelina is a small plates restaurant focusing on fresh and seasonal ingredients; though it has been around for a while and many other small plates places have opened since, Gjelina remains a vibrant place and definitely one to consider if you are looking to try a good variety of satisfying and flavorful dishes***Gjelina is one of the many upscale restaurants located on Venice's Abbot Kinney.  I enjoyed Gjelina enough on my first visit to want to come back even though the food did not measure up well against some of LA's best restaurants.  I liked their Italian style pizzas, but their pizzas lacked the great crispy yet still chewy crust of Pizzeria Mozza.  Their mussels were spicy and meaty, but Downtown LA's Rivera does a similar mussels dish with a better broth.We tried them again for lunch and their lunch menu is actually fairly big.  Their lunch menu really feels like a dinner menu.  The plates are meant for sharing and there are several categories at lunchtime including salads, small plates, sandwiches, plates, pizzas, and vegetables.  There is a wide variety of dishes.  There is definitely some overlap of ingredients, but there are still many different proteins and vegetables featured.Despite the large menu, the kitchen did a good job of cranking out the food in a timely matter.  We tried several dishes.  Here is the rundown.(Ricotta and herb ravioli, prosciutto, asparagus, smoked ham hock broth) This was a very good pasta dish.  The ravioli was housemade and featured nicely thin and very well cooked pasta.  The filling was creamy and good.The garnishes were great accents that really made the dish.  The prosciutto was very good as was the savory smoked ham hock broth.  I also really liked the asparagus.(Marinated beets, burrata, arugula, walnuts, and balsamic) A lot of places are doing burrata with beets, but this was still a very good one and an excellent dish.  The beets were good and moist while the burrata was very creamy.  I liked the leafy arugula as well as the crunch from the walnuts.  This was a nice balance of flavors and textures; it was also a light, refreshing but still very vibrant salad.(Wild boar sausage, beans, oyster mushrooms, tomato) I really liked the base of this plate, which consisted of nicely cooked beans and mushrooms with a good tomato broth.I liked the housemade wild boar sausage as well though it did not really separate itself from other sausages out there.  It was moist and had a good flavor, but I am not sure if it will leave a lasting impression.(Roasted fennel, chili, blood orange, dill) All the ingredients (especially the fennel and the dill) really stood out though I am not sure if I was a big fan of this plate.  Everything was cooked right, but it was not my favorite combination of flavors.  It might have also been a little too vinegary.Their desserts menu did not look that exciting, but we gave two a shot--the simplest (burnt honey gelato) was easily the best.  The gelato was very dense and creamy and the flavor was also good.  It was a nice mix of sweet and salty.We also had their bitter chocolate beet cake with beet ice gelato and this was below average.  The server described the cake as fluffy, but it was actually kind of dense and dry.  The chocolate flavor was definitely noticeable, but the beet flavor was not.Same could be said for the beet gelato.  It had a great color, but the beet flavor was not there.As mentioned, service was quick.  The staff was pleasant enough--attentive and polite (no negatives but also nothing memorable).Prices and value vary on what you get.  A lot of the small plates and pizzas are $15 and below.  The plates though go in the $20s even though the portion sizes (on some of the plates) are not significantly larger than the small plates.Gjelina is a satisfying upscale restaurant that features fresh and seasonal ingredients.  The restaurant was quite busy for lunch and the good food as well as the good atmosphere (a rustic but contemporary inside dining area as well as a casual outdoor patio) seem to be the big draws.  With the good food and the many offerings on the menu, Gjelina is definitely one to consider if you are having lunch with a big group and want to try a good variety of food.Abbot Kinney can be a difficult street to find parking.  You will have more luck if you park east of Abbot Kinney in the residential area (parking is free there).Celebrity sighting: Colm Meaney.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,9/26/2012,1712,1003,44,51,53>If it weren't for my Yelp friends, i would have never known about this place! I love to give thanks and shoutouts to my buddies Ciara G, Mike C, Katie B, Jennifer N, Lucy Y, Anthony N, Cesar R, Lorraine P, Julia K for putting this place on my bookmarks. An Extra Special THANK YOU to Craig R and Kim R, Jenn G, Ken C, Helen C and dude for joining me for a birthday brunch here.I booked my reservation for over a month in advance! We got a nice table by the front window and had a wonderful server Paul. We started with some cocktails- Southern Comfort was a popular choice- but dayam, was it strrong for me. I was expecting more peachy flavor. Had to get some BACON CHEDDAR BISCUITS that everyone raves about yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…and YES, they are really good. Got 3 orders plus 2 orders of their sweet NUESKE'S BACON strips. yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y… Their cinnamon sticky bun was delicious as well. Dude got the Truffle Fried Chicken yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…. I LOVED the slaw even with cilantro in it. The chicken was good, but it wasn't my favorite. I craved some kind of sauce for it. I went for the Frittata- which was good and my friends enjoyed, but i wouldn't order this on my own again.What i really did enjoy was bites from my friends dishes more- The Steak and eggs dish was really yummy. LOVED LOVED the lemony potato wedges. The potato chips that came with my friends sandwich was yummy. yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y… I tasted some of the poached egg, which Jenn G enjoyed but i thought was a little too mild tasting. The french toast was good even though it was quite small. Chimichanga was good. We were all wondering what exactly a belly button bagel was... didn't order it tho!Got treated to some lovely apple hand pies for dessert for my birthday. Thank you! yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…LOVED the atmosphere and the service but i have a feeling that if i came back for dinner and got a steak or the chicken pot pie, that i would love this place more. Expect to spend atleast $35 and up per person. Overall rounding up to 5 stars for a wonderful brunch with friends!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,9/25/2012,112,152,6,10,6>I actually came here for the cake. Not many places know what a butter cake (caramel cake) is let alone makes a good one. I seen pictures online and a 5 star review by Ethan P so decided to give the real food a try, too. I called ahead to make sure they had the cake then I went on my mission. I ended up getting the fried chicken plate with sweet potatoes, and greens. From the sweet potatoes I bet Carolyn makes an amazing sweet potatoe pie, but they may be to sweet for some people depends on what you're into. I thought with the fried chicken and killer greens it was a great balance. The greens were so good, and flavorful yet I seen no meat in them so I have know idea where all the flavor was coming from. I don't know why, but I wish they had kool aid, sweet tea, or fresh squeezed lemonade that would make this place incredible. But I take my food to go any way so it doesn't really matter. If you're looking for some really good soul food give Carolyn's a chance she will not disappoint.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,9/24/2012,450,278,5,11,10>As an employee of Cali Camp at Big Rock Ranch since 2002, I have had a unique perspective of the faciliy in its entirety.  CC @ BRR is an absolutely beautiful piece of land in Topanga, a haven nestled between The Valley and The City.  The gorgeous property has recently undergone massive renovations.  The camp offers many activities, including aerial arts, dance, martial arts, go-carts, horses, skateboarding, bmx biking, music, theater, target sports/archery, swimming, and so much more.  They've also added a new culinary program in which they will begin serving a menu designed by a professional chef.  But, that's really not the clincher.  What sets Cali Camp at B.R.R. apart from the rest of the "camps" in the area, is the staff.  Everyone from the owners to the counselors undergo extensive training and live for the Cali Camp culture.  In fact, not only do most of the staff return year after year, but almost 75% of them were campers there themselves.  It's a culture, a family, and a place that becomes one's home.  People ask me all the time why I still worked there after so many years; beyond the fact that I got paid to play, I returned to work every morning enthusiastic, happy, and at home.  I wish I had gone here as a kid, but I can't wait to send my future children here.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/23/2012,306,419,17,16,16>During any normal visit to MF, I love to stand there and soak it all in. The cheeky smiles, the seasonal specials, the deli case offerings written up on the chalkboard, the cute banter between the kitchen and the hosts -- I soak that shit up and can't be more excited to pay $11 for a sandwich that I'll suck down in 3 minutes flat.If, however, you happen to be like me and have the brilliant idea of treating yourself to a Mendo sammie as a reward for putting up with that horrific pounding headache you've had all day, be warned. That incessant yelling is no longer cute. I couldn't help but dole out death stares left and right, mumbling under my breath: "Why are you fucking yelling, the dude is standing right next to you!?" "Another side soup? You fuckers need to stop ordering side soups!" "Use your indoor voice you little shit! Stop. The. Yelling."Head hurting more than ever, bloodshot eyes and haven taken more Excedrin than you can shake a Pharmacist at, I took one bite of that sandwich and couldn't believe it was all worth it.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,9/22/2012,135,117,7,12,12>***Attention***Calling all hamburger purists, calling all hamburger purists! Apple Pan has been around since the dinosaur age we call the Baby-Boomer era. Prepare to be set back in time -- they still use the original mechanical cash-registers and serve your Coke in a paper cone -- but don't worry, texting on your new iPhone will still work in here (I think there's some sort of loophole in the time-space-continuum). This is a burger counter where you must rub elbows and box out to rebound an open bar stool as if you were Andrew Bynum. Do not expect a waiter to seat you, and do not budge if diners give you dirty stares; have no shame. If you aren't greeted by an open stool when you arrive, get familiar with the menu. Better yet, I will help you out here: You have two choices, Steak Burger or Hickory Burger. I suggest trying the Steak Burger on your first try, it's a solid choice; Hickory Burger for the thrill-seekers. Get the fries, your server will pour you ketchup; it's a beautiful thing, like clock-work. The small, but efficient kitchen pumps out burgers like a well oiled piece of assembly line machinery. Ding ding, burger's up.Your server's stern, but welcoming demeanor will make you feel at home, he doesn't read from a script or wear a name tag. The same old, and very tall dinosaur of a waiter has been since I was a wee-little-chap. Consider yourself lucky if you are graced in his presence; the man glides smoother than Michael Jackson.If you're too full for desert, too bad. Get the banana cream pie, it's the best I've ever had. Homemade, pillowy mounds of whipped cream, HELLO?! are you listening? The apple pie is amazing, too -- Recall the name of this establishment? Let that be a testament to their holy grail of apple pies. Get one to go, you won't be sorry.Leave your Visa and Mastercard at home, cash only; just like the late 40s.PS: They have IBC Rootbeer served out of glass bottles. Go for it, you don't get this everywhere.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,9/21/2012,341,221,9,16,11>Ahem... I've come here 4 times in the last 8 days.Come on, it's $2 a plate sushi!   It's easy on the wallet, comes by on a conveyor belt, no wasabi in the middle (big plus for me), and it is surprisingly very good.  I liked the salmon, salmon belly, soy sake marinated salmon, kula roll (with salmon on top)... okay, I like salmon in general.  I also liked the seared beef, the rainbow roll, and the crunchy roll.  The gyoza comes out (surprisingly) hot and crispy.  They also have snow crab and sweet shrimp.  Your server brings your drink and certain items (mochi ice cream, udon, etc.) but everything else comes out on the conveyor belt.  The servers are all very nice and friendly.   Because there are only 3 pieces of a roll on a plate, I can try different rolls without being stuck with trying to finish one big roll.  And if I want more, I can get more!  It's also nice that they have signs announcing what kind of sushi or roll or food item is coming up next so you don't have to sit there wondering what is on the plate.  The quality of the sushi is so much better than something you would get at a buffet (which is what I was expecting!).The edamame is not good.  I didn't like it on the first day, didn't like it on the third day, and didn't like it on the fourth day.  On the third and fourth days, we had two different children with us who insisted on getting it, even though I said it wasn't good.  The first kid had one pod and couldn't eat anymore.  The second kid said he liked it, but I think he did that purposely because I told him he wouldn't like it!  (I don't think he finished it.)  It's weird, but their edamame doesn't taste like anything.There are hand rolls on the menu but I haven't seen them in the rotation.  Maybe they need to be special ordered.  I'm going to ask the server the next time I go, which will be sometime this week at the rate I've been going.It's a fun place to get your sushi fix without going broke!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,9/20/2012,305,546,5,8,8>4 1/2 stars.  DH found this place cuz i lamented about tummy pains and beef rib soup (galbi tang) would be the cure for me.  He earned extra points with this discovery.This is a slightly hidden gem.  I passed by this small mini strip mall many times and must have missed the sign for Korean bbq!  However, the restaurant itself is missing business probably for only posting in Korean.Looking at the menu, the prices seemed high.  Not surprised in high-rent Torrance but still can be a deterrent.  We didnt order bbq but ordered the following:Dolsot bibim bap (veggies n beef with rice in a hot stone bowl)Mandoo (large meat filled steamed wontons)Galbi tang (beef bone soup)Please note that when they ask which rice you would like...white or brown, don't expect the healthy brown rice as in this case, it's a misnomer.  The "brown" rice that Korean restaurants tend to refer to is more of the purple/azuki bean rice which is also tasty in it's unique way but not necessarily as healthy as brown rice.  I have to say there's pride in every dish served.  All surpassed my expectations in presentation and flavors.  The panchan side dishes were very tasty except the chap chae glass noodles were bland.  The kimchi was overripe perfection for jigae but not for a K food novice. I could appreciate it though. They took extra effort to ensure each dish was properly garnished.  I had shredded egg, enoki mushroom on top of my soup.  The broth was clean and very tasty even before I added the rock salt.  In addition, there was a special sauce to dip the beef in.  YUM!  Glad I asked the waitress what it was albeit embarrassed at my own ignorance.  Tip:  You may need to ask the staff for scissors to cut the meat off the bone.  There was a lot of meat in that hearty soup and it's a great value.The wontons were jumbo sized and very tasty!The dolsot bibim bap was also very well presented with the fried egg atop with black sesame seeds.  (Regret that I didnt take a pic! So pretty)The waittresses were friendly with a slight language barrier.  They are a bit busy so service may appear slow but they may also be short on staff. I will definitely be back! I will need to come back and update my review for the duk bo sahm/K BBQ experience.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,9/19/2012,400,155,4,13,12>Pho Noodle Soup with Dumplings was outstanding: a simple but delightful broth set the background for the Gyoza style dumplings that sparkled with flavors. A good proportion of meat in the filling seemed to hit high points that I could only guess reflected elements of garlic, pepper, and ginger. These really meaty dumplings were so good, I wanted to order extras right away !The BBQ Pork in the Bento style Box Lunch was tender and very tasty with a teriyaki type sauce.  The lunch box I ordered also came with Pickled Radish, Rice, Kim Chee, Soup, a Small Salad, and the very best Nori I have ever tasted ( I never used to like it, but these very crispy, very thin, very green ones had an absolutely addictive taste ! )I liked that the owners included Hot Tea with the meal and I was delighted that they also brought a nice complementary dessert of sweet beans and tropical fruit cocktail in a creamy sauce on shaved ice.The Vietnamese Iced Coffee was a very enjoyable dessert in itself, and fun to watch it brew in the traditional individual pot set over a glass with sweet condensed milk.  The waitress was kind enough to explain that the sweetness could be controlled by how much of the condensed milk was stirred in - but yours truly enjoyed every last drop of it !Just for your info, I was told that the owner had sold the location on Hawthorne Blvd in Torrance.  We were given the best of service and were happy with all the food we tried.  I am eager to go back and try some of the other dishes, including some Curry dishes.Recession Fighting Tips:They are happy to bring you extra bowls and dishes for sharing - you might want to order the large size soup for $1.25 more, and perhaps share a bento box or an entree.  They brought Hot Tea service for 2 and free ample dessert for 2 as well.  The Box Lunches are a good deal for under $10 and are generous too.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,9/18/2012,208,149,6,10,9>I don't like cookies. Never been a fan.(Yes, you can NOT like cookies and still have a soul.)So, why am I reviewing this place?Well, my boyfriend had bought some and suggested that I give these cookies a whirl. I guess I had a bit of a sweet tooth so I gave in.*Munch munch*"..."... Well played Diddy Riese *Nom nom nom*Not gonna lie, their cookies are pretty darn good. Too bad you usually have to wait 15-45 mins to get them.If I ever go, I'm going big and getting a cookie sandwich. The pictures look FANTASTIC! *Drool*
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,9/17/2012,176,325,8,13,12>Finally, pho that I can rave about. I got their $13 for $20 Yelp deal. Lesson one in economics- there's no such thing as a free lunch. But today, I decided a deal is a deal and I wanted in. With food I see no missed opportunities. We started with spring rolls- one veggie, one shrimp. Both were rolled pretty with fresh crisp veggies inside.I had mixed feelings about ordering a Thai iced tea.There's a correlation between a restaurant's Thai tea and pho. I had been disappointed with both recently. But not this place, they got my drink just right. It was sweet, creamy with a slight bitterness. I scanned through their lunch specials and ordered pho tai which comes with an egg roll. I added my usual- peppers, basil, lime, bean sprouts, cilantro, a good amount of sriracha with a dash of hoisin. I dug in; the flavor was on point. My broth was not too heavy or wimpy and weak. My noodles were perfectly cooked, not bloated. My meat was medium rare when it was delivered and cooked through by the end.   Amanda got their vegetarian hot pot. I forgot hot pot refers to something different in Chinese/Vietnamese than it does for Japanese/Koreans. I was expecting a clay pot with steamed veggies, but instead it was a shabu shabu type dish. She got her's spicy and was quite happy with her broth.I don't expect good service at Asian restaurants so I was pleasantly surprised. Everything was beautifully timed. They anticipated all of our needs and were attentive without being bothersome. The owner even stopped by to make sure everything was perfect, and it was!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,9/16/2012,210,103,14,14,10>A spoonful of Chego's "Beefy T" is a lot like this happening in your mouth:youtube.com/watch?v=QT4i…I believe the word you're looking for is AWESOME, and I agree. When it comes to food I simply LOVE *BOLD* flavor. I don't usually enjoy entrees with "subtle notes", "slight hints", "light dashes", or tickles of flavor. I enjoy bold, rip-roaring, keith-richards-rocking flavors that make dishes come to life! Because yes, I equate food to music and if you don't appreciate rock-star flavors then I don't know why you asked me to take you here, Jess. It's not enough to say that the food at Chego is good; It's very very good. That paired with the fact that they let you BYOB***** makes this place a favorite on my list. Useful tips: -You can bring in your own beer/beverage!-There is a parking lot but it is almost always full, especially during the rush (8pm)-Seating is limited and you may have to stand while you eat (bar-style without chairs)-Scoops ice cream is just on the next block over on overland!!! In other words, dessert!What I order: "Beefy T" and Ooey Gooey ('gasm) Fries The beefy T is a bowl of chili fried rice topped with chopped prime rib and an egg sunny side up. I ordered this the last time I went and the flavors were intense! The rice was generously seasoned with a long list of spices but despite all of this, the flavors combined well to create bite after bite of sinus-clearing bliss that didn't take away from the flavor of the beef. The Ooey Gooey fries are delicious! The fries themselves are crispy and not bland while the sour cream, simmered garlic, chili sauce, and cheese make this item a tasty alternative if you're not too hungry and want something smaller. (TIP: Make sure to eat it while its hot)Bottom Line: Rice bowls REMIXXXED **DJ scratching** and full of bold flavor that'll swing for the fences with every bite. Looking for a way to spice up your life? I'll see you at Chego.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,9/15/2012,330,1259,9,8,7>Sushi Zo is, in one word, spectacular.  In more words, it's probably one of the most amazing sashimi experiences you will have.  Here are a couple things you should know about Zo.  It's omakase only, meaning you don't get to pick what you eat.  But trust.  Everything they bring is fresh and has super good quality.  Everything from the toro to the kanpachi to clams to amaebi were the sweetest and freshest cuts of fish.  Almost as if direct from the sea to your mouth.  I'd recommend sitting at the sushi bar where you can see the chefs do their work.  The skill is like an art in the purest form.  The chefs will also explain each dish to you as they serve it to you and tell you whether or not it's OK to dip it in soy sauce (some are already seasoned with salt/truffle/yuzu/etc.  Out of the almost 30 something dishes we ate, the most memorable dishes included the uni with squid noodle, the toro hand roll, the amaebi, albacore, yellowtail, warm monkfish.  Each dish is beyond delicious and they don't stop serving you until you are full.  The price per person ranges from 100-150+, depending on how hungry you are.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,9/14/2012,158,391,6,8,6>I don't frequent Indian restaurants much, but I was in the mood for some food that wasn't the usual American, Chinese, Japanese, Thai, Italian, Mexican, etc. food that I usually eat.I did a search and found that this place is quite close.  I hadn't noticed it before on Lincoln.  The $8.95 all-you-can-eat lunch special was very good and satisfying.  The buffet selections looked pretty limited, but it turned out to be plenty.  A person can only eat so much.  They had familiar entrees like tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, samosas, basmati rice, naan, etc.  along with lentil and spinach dishes, salad, fruit (oranges and papaya), and rice pudding.  The food was not too spicy which I'm glad.  I think the buffet is worth it because you get to sample various entrees as opposed to getting just one entree for the same price or more.The restaurant is located in a mini-mall with limited parking.  It is very clean and decorated with a cute Indian motif.  The workers were very nice and attentive.  The dishes were promptly cleared and water was refilled.The only other local Indian restaurants I'm familiar with are Akbar and Shershah in Marina del Rey.  I think this place is a good option when I feel like Indian food.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,9/13/2012,762,220,6,9,8>My sister has been buying our birthday cakes from his bakery for years... All I can say is....F***ING DELICIOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Can't wait to come in for lunch at thios new location................................... (sister, hint hint)
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,9/12/2012,954,774,10,17,13>Delicious sandwiches!! What a hidden gem.Hubby and I were walking back from our weekend walk to Torrance Bakery when we decided to pop in here and grab a sandwich. I had seen their glowing reviews around yelp and bookmarked them to try a few weeks ago, so I was excited to sink my teeth into one of their sandwiches.Their menu offers about 12-13 different sandwiches, all for about $6-7, and we decided to share a #1, the roast pork. They advertise the meat as being soaked in au jus.10 minutes later, we walked home and cut the sandwich in half. The bread was amazing- warm and crunchy, yet soft inside. The meat was stacked and piled high, and had a delicious taste. There was some sort of spread that added to the overall flavor of the sandwich, and they gave us some vietnamese peppers in a bag. Hubby was quite excited about these because he loves 'em. There were a ton of onions on the sandwich too, which had a great taste. We loved the sandwich, and now we can't wait to make this place one of our regular weekend stops. Score for being so close!!Service is friendly too!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/11/2012,506,366,7,10,9>Some of the best caramel brownies I have ever had!!Unfortunately this yelp listing lists the address as the address for red rooster bakerty and when I went there I was told they had not had any for several months and did not know when they would have some.Then there is their website which is up and running but when you add anything to the  shopping cart, next window says "unable to process this accounts request" ???? Where can one buy these delicious brownies?!?! Pricey as one of the cheapest ones their site lists is:MEDIUM - 36 Browniessize: 5 1/2 x 9 1/2 x 1; wt: 2 lbs$34.00But worth the $$
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,9/10/2012,514,820,8,12,12>Was treated for a great lunch. I ordered the santa fe chicken and it was pretty good, but the real surprise was at the large amounts of food they give you. They definitely make sure you don't leave there hungry. The staff is awesome and they greet everyone as soon as you walk in the door. Parking can be ruff because they have so many people showing up. Bathroom was in need of some help. Otherwise this is an old school establishment and if you want home type cooking, you will get it. Comfort food doesn't get any more comforting. They also make alot of their foods on site. Their muffins looked awesome.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,9/9/2012,550,360,6,9,10>Rumors had it that this place had great sandwiches so we went to find out if the rumors were true  ;)  They were!  They have a great vegetarian sandwich and tuna salad sandwich.  I didn't try any of the meat sandwich options but they all looked deliciously messy.  The fillings are fresh and plenty.  The two people working the counter were laughing and saying things back and forth while they made sandwiches - it was almost like a show.  We sat at the counter and enjoyed a beer on tap.  Sam Adams  :)  It was cold and delicious.  They have a small TV above the counter and newspapers available (if you don't want to talk to your lunchmate...).  The place is neat but seems worn.  The employees are friendly and apologize at the slightest wait.  The selection of drinks and sandwiches are very good for such a small shop.  The place was steadily busy the whole time we were there.  I grabbed a to-go menu and have been back twice.  Consistent service and food.  I'm a fan of Simi Sam!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,9/8/2012,514,405,10,13,11>AMAZING!!! My new favorite brunch spot. The staff is super friendly. The service was great, but then again there weren't a ton of people there, so that may be a factor. Our waiter was on it at all times and made sure our bottomless mimosa glasses never went dry. The jazz band was on it and I love the fact that they are aware of the small space and they played the music at the perfect noise level. It made our brunch absolutely pleasant. We had a wonderful experience here.For brunch we had the pulled pork benedict, the skinny bitch and chorizo home fries. I have to say, I thought a pull pork benedict would be a bit strange. I mean really... pulled pork and eggs? But It was GREAT. It was absolutely delicious. Im sure that's what we will have the next time and trust me, there will be a next time very soon! The skinny bitch was good. It was basically grilled chicken, egg whites, and a small side salad with tomatoes. Nice, light, healthy brunch. The Chorizo homes fries were just out of this world. IT was REALLY good! And the Mimosas were perfectly made.I really do look forward to coming back to The Charleston. We will come back for brunch for sure, but would love to see what goes on when the sun goes down :)... they have rye whiskey so we will have to try their Sazerac and other old school cocktails.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,9/7/2012,597,598,5,16,12>Now that summer is almost here, I thought I would share this hush hush local beach hangout in honor of Yelps' 100 days of summer. It is a more peaceful beach, one that I have enjoyed for many years.  Less crowds here than at Santa Monica Beach, Will Rogers State Beach is my "go to" beach.  I like riding up to the end of the bike path here which becomes a dead end at the Bel Air Bay Club.  The opposite end of the bike path is at Torrance Beach which is nearly 20 miles away.  If you are not bicycling in, and instead driving in, there is a pay parking lot.  Situated a little higher up, from this northern most vantage point, the view is a bit more stunning.  It also is uniquely situated in that  it has less sand. This becomes a real advantage when you are lugging beach gear from your car to the beach, providing a shortcut to the sand.   Dragging beach balls, bags, coolers, chairs, umbrellas and other equipment far across what might seem endless hot sand becomes a thing of the past.  The restrooms are cleaner, bigger and even look nicer.  There are vending machines nearby which stock bottled water.  If you become weary of the ocean view, there are likely other fascinating sights.  On this particular Saturday morning, I spotted LAFD practicing a rescue with their extending ladder truck.  Cheers to a wonderful, fun and light filled 100 summer days.  Now when does summer start?
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,9/6/2012,1716,487,11,11,14>Despite getting stood up by a new friend I turned on to Yelp, for whom I went to great lengths to get my own butt into this event, I had a very enjoyable time. Luckily, Roman T. showed up and saved me from being a lonely lonely girl at a table in the back that we ended up having all to ourselves. Admission to this super generous CMYE (SUPER!) granted each person a cocktail or other drink from the menu, an entree of our choice, shared apps for each table and loads of desserts! For my drink I chose the Adulteration, a mix of moonshine and any house made soda (mango). Our table was covered by plates of those scrumptious beef tallow french fries (which I thought only got better over time as I love my french fries soggy - am I alone in this?) with housemade ketchup and sweet potato waffle fries with peach ketchup (tangy goodness!). Somehow we got skipped on the beet salad but we had plenty of food to keep us busy. Since I already knew what the burgers were all about I had to go for the Smoky Fried Chicken, the dish PC is best known for. The chicken was perfectly cooked (but a little more salty than I like) and I absolutely loved the smoked milk gravy and spicy pickled okra (I want to buy these buy the jar!). Just when we thought the night was over and we were feeling plump and full already out came a slew of desserts! We shared a strawberry shortcake ice cream bar (loved!) and then a plate of Cruller donuts! I was SO so sooooo happy about getting to try those donuts as I had had to pass them up on my previous visits. A churro-like exterior with a smooshy middle surrounded by insanely divine whipped cream and slices of banana = heavennnnnnn!!Big thank you to Brittany for kindly granting me the "in" for this event!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,9/5/2012,1010,440,26,10,9>K-pop and Korean soap opera fans:  get ready to collectively cream your pants because Caffe Bene is coming to town.  Several years ago, my friend was approached by their parent company to partner up in some sort of joint retail operation. However, he demurred somewhat due to his lack of F&B experience as well as the terrible terms Caffe Bene was offering.  Having tried their coffee before in the motherland, I figured it was just a regular cafe with nothing out of the ordinary, but my buddy clued me in to the real deal:  Caffe Bene has a brilliant business model in that they're owned by an entertainment production company.  In all of the company's TV series and movies, characters are constantly shown drinking coffee and having various drama-filled interactions at multiple Caffe Bene locations.  This in turn solidifies the product placement of the company's food and beverage section by employing the rampant emotionalism and maudlin displays of Korean dramas.  Then, this stimulates soap opera aficionados (aka girls) to think to themselves, "God damn, I want someone to have these moments with!  Maybe if I go to Caffe Bene, I'll meet my true love there!"  That's some cold blooded, calculated shit right there.  (un)Fortunately for your humble author, I can appreciate a good mind fuck...  as long as I'm privy to it, I suppose.  Apparently, some famous Korean celebrity wasn't as discerning (or was a better negotiator) than my friend about business terms because they've decided to open up their first LA location on August 9th.  The location is pretty close to Iota, and as Koreans are notoriously trend-centric, I can imagine that this is going to be quite the clusterfuck here.  In preparation for its upcoming grand opening, I've contemplated perming my hair, lightening my skin and adopting a much more effeminate mode of dress to try and maximize all of the pumped up levels of Korean man-seeking estrogen that is going to be in the air.Needless to say, your humble author is looking forward to the Grand Opening.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,9/4/2012,330,334,17,18,16>I'm usually the only non-Persian in this place, which may explain why the other customers look at me like I have 5 heads. Ninja please...  It'll take more than a staring contest to keep me away from Asal's amazing sangak!What is sangak you ask?  Well, it's a soft, whole wheat sourdough flatbread dotted with sesame seeds and considered to be Iran's national bread (or so Wikipedia says). Asal makes them GIGANTIC sheets and if I could roll myself in it like a burrito and do a dance in it, I would. Dipping it in cucumber yogurt sauce is good too.They have different kabobs, salads, sandwiches and combo plates, plus sides like hummus and lentil soup.  Heck, you can just come for bread if you like! And the prices are insanely reasonable.  My favorite is the chicken kabob sandwich ($6)- flavorful juicy grilled chicken pieces, lettuce, tomato, onion and dressing, wrapped in sangak. The beef skewer combo ($7) is also super tasty and comes with salad, rice, grilled veggies and plenty of sangak alongside.  Super generous portions.  Street parking is your best bet, but it's very limited. Dine in OR call ahead for take-out... which is great for avoiding death stares.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2012,9/3/2012,1070,142,10,13,12>I've walked by this place so many times and had NO idea what they had to offer inside. It looked like just a plain boring sandwich place from the outside. I had no idea that I was so wrong. I was impressed that the place was so much cooler than I expected. I came here for a company lunch because one of my coworkers picked it for his birthday lunch. They should advertise on the outside. Ok.. on to the pros and cons:Pros:Original iPad ordering systemBeer samplersGood foodCustomize your order.. my kids would love thisManagement was niceFree birthday dessertClean and modernCons:Waiting to enter your order on the iPad when in a large group. Hurry up! People tend to get lost either playing on it or just being clueless. They will give you two iPads for larger groups to speed of the ordering but it still takes time.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,9/2/2012,4921,523,15,24,29>I bet you didn't know that John Wayne won this hotel during a poker game.  It's such a sexy, vintage hotel and I've considered staying here just to check out the rooms.  The bar area was spacious and the fireplace was a nice feature.  They have live bands every night. And, that bartender can make a mean old fashioned.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/1/2012,595,703,9,15,11>CASH ONLY!!!! I don't think this is adequately mentioned in the reviews so that's definitely something to note!Anyway...(read this in your best Sophia voice)Picture it:Sunday. 1 o'clock.Luckily there wasn't much traffic... but I think the trip still takes about a good 40 minutes from the valley..and I'm a speed demon.Yes, it's Compton... but I wasn't scared or worried. Come on people. Stop being overly dramatic. I didn't feel the least bit threatened here.Anyway...There is a little parking lot to the side of the building with some spots...and hopefully, you'll be lucky enough to get a spot there. Parking is kind of tight but people are constantly coming and going... so it's not bad. Besides, you get to see "the works" of their operation there. Smokers. Grills. It smells amazing there!On this particular Sunday, there is a line out the door. But they handle it quite well... there was a girl out front taking orders and handing out menus so you could figure out what you wanted to order while waiting. She took our order pretty quickly (The Small Party Platter) and we were told that it would take about 30 minutes. No big deal. We figured we'd have to wait. It was exactly 30 minutes. No more. No less. To which I was happily surprised. I always figure on more time.Also, on a side note, this place is a to-go place. There is absolutely no place to sit inside and eat... which I wasn't aware of either... but it's true. Now for the food:I mentioned that we got the small party platter which was:1 Slab of Ribs1/2 lb of Tips1/2 a Chicken1/2 lb of Brisket1/2 lb of Links(which are given to you in a big aluminum pan (you know for like making a turkey))and then you are given two large styrofoam containers: one of potato salad and the other baked beans and some random loaf of bread.I love potato salad and this one doesn't disappoint. It's a bit more eggy? and definitely more peppery than most. It's delicious... and different and meshes so well with the barbecue.I also really like baked beans...and these are good too! They're sweet and tasty. Yum! I'm pretty sure they're also marinated with some sort of meat... since I did see some small pieces of meat mixed in with the sauce.Now, the meat was delicious! The brisket was so soft. Cut more like tri-tip and not as "flaky" as the briskets that I'm used to... but it was still pretty delicious.The chicken was also pretty tasty... not my favorite though... but tasty.The links were spicy. They were good. Smokey. Spicy. Barbecue-y. Amazing.Now the "tips" and the ribs were the best! Probably the best I've ever eaten. I'm usually not a huge fan of ribs because there is just too much of that "fat layer" on them... that gives biting into that part...a weird texture which I don't like.  Not with these! These were fall of the bone tasty... and so good. Moist. Juicy. The meat seriously fell off the bone and melted in your mouth. It was that good. Amazingly Amazingly Tasty.As a lot of other people mentioned, I also do not understand the bread. Well, I understand that you're probably supposed to "mop" up the sauce with it... but it just doesn't work for me. hahaha. I'm weird like that. :)Lastly, this Texas barbecue is again different from the others we've tried. It's a bit spicy but still sweet... just not as sweet as Hoggly Woggly's... which is more apple-cinnamon-y. This is more smokey and peppery? It's good! There was also so much food(!) that we gouged out on food... put the rest in the fridge and had more than enough for a second meal later in the day. Yes, it was a day of gluttony.... but it was so good and so worth it. Now, if only every day I could spend in bed with the guy I love and a pan of barbecue. P.S. - I read that they deep fry turkeys?! Oh my! I've been craving that forever...and I just may have to try that out for Turkey Day - since no one should deep fry their own turkey. :)
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,8/31/2012,591,938,10,15,16>Full on meal!! Eat all you want buffet style at The India's Tandoori!  They had over 10 entrees with a salad bar,  and 2 beverages per person! The owners were so friendly and giving!I usually stay away from the events that doesn't allow a plus one. But Bollywood was so close to my house and I love Indian food! Well, I got in!.. and I'm a bit nervous because I would feel like a loner. Walking in to the restaurant, the waiter guided me to a table, as I sat down and told myself, I'm going to meet new yelpers friends tonight! .. Not only that, I made new yelpers, but I was happy to see some old ones! Phew!I love their Chicken Masala and their egg plant. It was so delicious with their saffron rice. The samosas definite left my tastes buds wanting more. Of course I did.. I had 2! lol Fried cauliflower and veggies, tandoori chicken wings, naan, a few other dishes that I didn't know what the name was. For dessert, they had the pistachio rose yogurt pudding or the mango yogurt pudding! I love their Mango yogurt pudding and their Mango Lassi( Mango Yougur)t drink!Thank you Sophia W. for bringing Eder P. to our table along with Ada L. Thank you Brittaney and India's Tandoori for this great event for us yelpers! It was great to see Katie B. coming all the way down to the South Bay!!! hehe :-P
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,8/30/2012,1263,227,8,12,12>I like this place. Went here for a birthday party that was somewhat big and there was plenty of seating and standing room for us even at 10pm! I wasn't expecting that for a place in Santa Monica. The waitress was great, cute girls, decent DJ who wasn't blasting his music, and nice lightning :) Me Gusta.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,8/29/2012,253,588,16,17,17>In my pre-vegan days, poke was one of my favorite Hawaiian dishes. The first time I had it, my sister's boyfriend made it and I was hooked. I started making trips to the Asian market to buy all the ingredients to make it myself.Fast forward to present time. I read a review for Poke-Poke written by the lovely Lily A. and comment on how I used to LOOOVE poke. To which Lily replied: "Dear sweet vegan Harmonie, they have Veggie Poke!"Are you effing kidding me???!!!So I finally made the trek down the Venice boardwalk to get me some of that poke goodness. Brown rice, kale, macadamia nuts, avocado, sesame seeds, onion, and carrots. Although tastes nothing like how I remember regular poke to be, it didn't matter because there was great flavors all up in there. So hearty. It was so much better then I could ever imagine! su.pr/1mNwNUI want to eat this all the time! All. the. time :)
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/28/2012,547,454,7,11,10>It's been referred to as mod-Asian, Southeast Asian and Pan-Asian. Except, for example, their shrimp toast (Chinese dim sum) and Hawaiian butterfish aren't Southeast Asian, and their cuisine transcends the ideology of uniting pan-Asianism by borrowing food and drink across Europe and the US. Aside from the nitty gritty, Lukshon does a good - not great - job. Quality and timing of the shareable dishes were variable. The place was near empty on a Tuesday night. No need for reservations. We were seated in the half of the restaurant they put everyone in - I would think to make a louder, livelier and more attractive atmosphere for those of us in it. hawaiian butterfish: so lauded by others, we had to try it. I had no idea it was a few slices of butterfish sashimi. My general rule with restaurants stand: get Japanese food at Japanese restaurants, Mexican food at Mexican restaurants, etc. Lukshon's butterfish was too...fishy and uninspiring at best. At $10 a pop and unsurprisingly lacking any of those sauces great Japanese chefs are known for, the 5 unfresh slices were so not worth it.  tea leaf salad: my favorite of the evening. Like coleslaw, Thai-style. Cabbage, crunchy marconas, chopped peanuts, sesame, and chana dal topped with sauteed prawns dressed in this delicious tangy dressing. spicy chicken pops: spicy yes, but mostly chicken skin, not meat. The bbq-garlic Szechuan sauce gave me that Ratatouille sense of eating a dish I had growing up, but the substance was far from it. It was like solely eating the skin from KFC, which some people do like. Lacking again in quality and masked in spice.brussel sprouts: this was fantastic - except for being charred black. Soft and roasted until it practically melted, but really? Brussel sproutscan be amazing whole without being completely burnt. heirloom black rice: it arrived almost 10 minutes after we finished all the other dishes. We had practically forgotten it and were quite full. Described as having "lap cheong, onion, roasted garlic, lilly's farm fried egg," the rice was packed with nutty, savory and wholesome goodness. I felt like a health nut. Complimentary dessert was coffee creme and vanilla/coconut/almond panna cotta that reminded my friend of those almond milk sweets she had as a kid. I love their drinks menu and the fact their spirits section is longer than the one dedicated to cocktails. My whiskey was perfect. Decor was sexy. Dim lights, high ceilings, windowed doors, booths. Though if it weren't for sister FO, it would feel like a ways out from anywhere but the freeway. It just doesn't have the certainty and greatness that comes from being five stars.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/27/2012,802,562,4,8,7>A new definition of Asian fusion. Up until now, most "fusion" places served a bastardized over priced menu of Asian foods that caters to the non-Asian palate, i.e. PF Changs. Standing Room takes the opposite approach, they took the all American burger and Sammies (sandwiches) and transformed them into contemporary definitions of Americana - definitions that includes Hoisin Sauce, Miso and Kimchee.Of course for those of us of Asian heritage that grew up in the State, these combos are old hat. Now Standing Room has created these wining combination for all to enjoy. I had the Cash -  1/2 Pound Pattie, Bacon Hoisin BBQ, Shishito Pepper, &Crispy Pepper Onion. This burger is not a great fusion burger, it is just a great burger. However, as much as I enjoyed Cash, I went crazy over the Truffle Parmesan Fries - it is a definite must have.Next time? Sous Vide Grilled Chicken- Grilled Chicken with Kimchee Dip, Jalapeno, Onion, Tomato, Spring Mix, and Smoked Gouda Cheese!!!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,8/26/2012,147,177,11,13,13>Sometimes you just need to get your sushi on. In my life that usually requires a bit of a trip to reach my go-tos as well as a pretty penny because let's be honest, even the "cheap" sushi is a little pricey. Well guess what answer I found for those don't-have-enough-time-or-money situations? Sushi Cal. A place I have driven by, parked next to, and overall ignored for a good part of my adult life. It is not only the closest sushi place to my house, but it's also the cheapest (but still good quality!) sushi place I have ever been to. How is this possible? Well, it's a pretty limited menu, as in, spicy tuna, crunchy tempura, or California roll; however, there are some soups, bowls, and plates to choose from as well as the necessary miso soup and edamame. Greg R. and that super awesome gf of his (;D) are all set with two misos, edamame, a spicy tuna roll and a crunchy tempura roll for the low price of $11.69.So it's close, cheap, and has the bare essentials. Not the place to go when you want fancy rolls or swanky nigiri, but perfect to satisfy your sushi craving without getting robbed.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,8/25/2012,1561,540,16,20,23>I'll let you in on a little secret!  Just be sure that you don't tell anyone and that you keep it just between us, OK?  So shhhhhhh...As you walk into Bru's Wiffle, there is a green, rectangular table against the far wall.  It may be the only green table in the place, as I believe all of the other ones are light brown.  If you get seated at that table, there is a hidden drawer on the far side where people leave notes and secrets.  If you get the chance, leave one...I did!Besides the secret drawer, the food here is really good!  We brought my aunt who was visiting LA to Bru's last week, and it was a great choice for the family.  Everyone found something that they liked, and I really enjoyed my meal.  I was super hungry, so I ordered the Big breakfast.  It came with turkey sausage, smoked applewood bacon, breakfast potatoes & scrambled egg and a waffle.  I don't like eggs, so I asked if I could substitute for more bacon.  The waitress said I could substitute the eggs for more meat for a $1 extra.  After I chuckled, I agreed with getting the extra meat.The size of my meal was pretty substantial, but I finished it off.  I liked everything that I ate, but the waffle was especially good.  I have had better in LA, but not by much.  After I was done with my food, I continued to eat my mom's leftover half of a waffle, and then my aunt and I split a banana split waffle.  I obviously enjoyed the waffles!  The banana split waffle could have used more than just one scoop of ice cream, but it was delicious none the less.  A more accurate name for it would be a waffle sundae because I would expect more ice cream and toppings included with a banana split.  Bru's Wiffle is a good place to get breakfast or a waffle at.  It was perfect place to take my family for a meal, and I will be back for sure.  They take reservations, so getting in and out quick was fairly easy.  Thumbs up Bru's!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,8/24/2012,703,398,8,12,12>The reviews are all over the place for this tiny grocery store/eatery. I had a good experience with both the food and customer service.I ordered combo. #1: basmati rice with 2 side dishes and chapati (Indian flat bread) for $5.25. Very filling! The star of the meal was the red peppers and potatoes dish. It was so flavorful! It was spicy, but not too spicy that I couldn't handle it. I loved it!! The potatoes were cooked perfectly; not too mushy and not too hard. My second side was the eggplant in coconut curry. It was the perfect consistency for dipping my chapati in. There was soft tofu with chunks of eggplant in it. It was good, but I wish it had more depth to it. It was actually borderline bland if that's even possible with coconut milk. The basmati rice was nice and fluffy.A line formed as I waited for my food, but it moved quickly. There was one lady who took my order and scooped the dishes in my takeout box and another lady who rang me up. I didn't get any dirty looks or attitude from the staff, nor did I need to run to the bathroom 10 mins. after my meal. I guess it agreed with me!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,8/23/2012,400,235,10,15,14>Came here on Saturday night to celebrate my birthday with friends. Made a reservation for 14 people and it was one of the best nights ever!Service was super friendly and nice. We ordered everything from the Spicy Tuna dip (OMG, I love this dish), lobster omelet (yummy), risotto (creamy and delectable), Pork Belly (Best dish on the Menu!), lobster rolls, asparagus with mushrooms, tofu fries (was surprised that this was pretty good!), Portobello steak, beef tongue, grilled salmon (Sakekasu Salmon) was amazing as was the fried chicken. Love that they have enough vegetarian options on the menu for my vegetarian friends.The entire bill for 14 people was around $600 (including tip and drinks)....this is one of the best places to have a group dinner as it's so reasonable. The yummy food, the awesome service and the prices make it my top choice for a big group event. I love that they turn out the lights for the entire restaurant when they get your birthday cake with the lit candles to your table....:)Definitely try the Shochu cocktails....we tried almost all of them on the menu. My favorites were the ones with Guava juice and calpico. We stayed here for almost 5 hours and were the last ones to leave the restaurant...they were sweet to let us stay as long as we wanted to. I ended up having so much fun that I left my Louis Vuitton bag there after dinner. Luckily, they kept it safely for me and I got it back on Monday! I love this Musha location....:)
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,8/22/2012,861,371,18,20,20>Fan-fluffy-tastic!!! Taiwanese Shaved Ice at its absolute finest... creamy, delicious, finest.  My go to: Strawberry IceStrawberriesRice Balls - made on site (not to be confused with mochi balls)Graham Cracker Crumbles for textureMangoesAnd I switch between the regular condensed milk drizzle and the strawberry flavored one.  It's not cheap, but they give you a nice "healthy" serving...My definition of healthy: 1/2 ice = frozen water... this is good for you. 1/2 cream = one of the main food groups... milk is good for you!Strawberries and Mangoes = hello... fruit! This might as well be a salad! Rice Balls = I'm Asian... rice is a food group. Graham Cracker Crumbs = there are no calories in crumbs, are there? Condensed Milk = Again with the milk... calcium, baby!  For real... get the above and you'll thank me.  Perfectly light and refreshing!!! Cash only..
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,8/21/2012,400,239,17,24,24>I used Northstar again recently and was very pleased with my second experience with them. They were very friendly, accommodating, and fast. Price was definitely fair, but customer service was the standout. It's nice to work with a company that wants to make sure you are happy and works hard to make it a good experience for you. I have no hesitation in recommending them highly again after having a great moving experience with them twice in a row. Ask to have Ron Cohen for your flat-rate moving inspector and he'll take care of you, and don't forget to ask for the yelp discount.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,8/20/2012,2371,1713,55,46,42>Attention ladies!!   Hot guy alert!!!!No, not me, of course. His name is Sandro and he's the hunky caliente owner behind the counter at Churros Calientes. Olivia Z. and I came for a quick dessert and it was easy to see why this small shop was surprisingly busy on a cool Friday night.   His name was Sandro.       He was a show for girls.   With yellow churros to share      and muscles bulging everywhere.Am I jealous? Of course, I am. Any man that can make churros and hot chocolate this sweet and delicious is a better man than me. Oh, and he's got that whole charismatic machismo thing going on, too.Churros are Spanish. That means these crunchy treats are from Spain and not Mexico (or Disneyland). If you don't believe me, ask Sandro. The thin lightly fried organic churros (not thick porra) are made fresh for each order. All have the unique star shape created by a churrera, but, like snowflakes, each churro at Churros Caliente is unique. Some may be straight while others are curled or even twisted. We couldn't decide what to order, since Olivia was distracted for some reason ... so, we tried two different styles. * Churros Con Chocolate * Advertised as a worldwide best seller, this is a basic order of 6 thin Churros Calientes served with a cup of creamy Hot Chocolate made from organic Cacao Beans. It's a perfect match for dipping the churros. The hot chocolate is like Sandro ... thick and dreamy.* Churros Lagos * This version is classic golden brown Churros Calientes topped with one of 7 flavors like Strawberry, Dulce de Leche, Guava, Chocolate, Nutella, and Sweet Condensed Milk. We went with dulce de leche and a generous portion was drizzled over the warm churros. The Churros Lagos were as yummy as advertised and the second most attractive thing at Churros Caliente.Parking is street only, but wasn't a problem at all. This is a super small store so blink and you'll miss it next to Laemmle's Royal Theatre. The menu has non-churro items like coffee, tea, panini, bocadillos, salads, and soups. Try them if you want. But most importantly come to Churros Calientes for the sweet crispy fried churros and the eye candy behind the counter.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/19/2012,883,311,13,15,8>Yeehaw, y'all. Merica, let's get nasty.I've been cruising Yelp and bugging my buddies about fun theme-y bars. Ya know, cause I'm a sucker for stuff like that. I was aiming for a tiki bar at the very least, but apparently there are none on my side of the hill. Did I mention I hate the valley?Anyways, after some extensive (drunk) research, I stumbled upon the Yelp page for the glorious Cowboy Palace Saloon. Oh, and my sweet yelpers, how you have lead me to glory. The reviews vary, but I make it a habit to check on the pictures sections of Yelp and holy crap. Sold. Right then and there. Well, sold enough to check out the website, and upon seeing Lou Diamond Phillips and William Shatner belting their hearts out on a karaoke night, I was actually sold. I mean, this bar has been featured on freaking Matlock. Matlock, Murder She Wrote, Deep Impact, Twins, Twilight (just to sell it to you morons who buy into that crap), and freaking Terminator 3.And if that imdb page doesn't entice you, Toby Keith himself has saddled up and shot the video for "I Love This Bar" here. He wrote a song about loving a bar and chose this bar to be that bar. Um, sign me up twice. It was my understanding that there is a cowboy buffet that goes on Sunday afternoons, so that's when I rounded up my boys and rolled through. It's noted that the buffet starts at 4, but it actually started at 5. So get ready to be there at 5 if you wanna eat!What they do on Sundays is there is linedanceing, and if you buy a drink then you get a plate. At 5, you get to fill that plate. tl;dr: FREE BBQ AT 5 IF YOU BUY A DRINKWhen I went, they had an awesome array of homemade chili, cheese, rice, chips, and jello. The jello is apparently a Sunday dinner tradition here at the saloon, and my it's been a long time since I've had jello that didn't have alcohol in it. It's actually not bad when it's not made with vodka. Interesting. I got roped into a bucket-o-beer (at $18 a bucket... ouch) and accidentally got drunk. Well, we know how that goes...As far as decor, this place is insane. Cowboy jeans stapled to the walls, cowboy boots hanging from the ceiling, and an insane dance floor right in front of the stage. Yes there is a confederate flag on one of the walls, but it didn't feel offensive, it felt authentic of the vibe. Authentic is actually one of the best words that describes the saloon. The bartender had been there for 15 years, the line dancers were going at it to hardcore honky tonk, and there was a cowboy behind me playing pool with one of the most fantastic pool sharks I've ever seen. In the words of Toby Keith, "I love this bar", and if you wanna come out with me for Jameson shots and some dancing in cowboy boots and daisy dukes, meet me here. Yee haw.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,8/18/2012,314,242,4,12,8>My favorite food truck opened up shop on Sawtelle! Which is perfect, because I never seem to find it when I want it. If you like your pizza by the slice (or whole), spicy, garlicky, with fresh in-house San Marzano tomato paste, whole milk mozzarella, oregano, and Parmesan Reggiano (grated right before they give it to you), with an almost Sicilian-style Kamut organic wheat crust... it's served on Sawtelle everyday. For the bread lovers and first-timers, the Grandma w/ pepperoni is a must. Trust me on this one. For people who care about what they eat -- they use meat from animals raised without the use of antibiotics or added hormones, cheese made from cows that are raised without synthetic hormones, and is not treated with any preservatives or nitrates. A++
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,8/17/2012,834,665,6,12,9>3.75 stars for me, but I'll round up for organic ingredients!What a cute little place! It's always nice to find places that aren't fast food and that aren't massive chains to patronize.  Leo and Lily is a place I'll return to; if I weren't eating low-carb, I'd probably even return more quickly! So many bread-based items sound amazing.We seemed to arrive right before the crazy rush.  Within 15 minutes of being seated inside, all 5 tables near us were full of families!  Try to arrive before 9am, I'd say =) Jim G. and I shared the Italian omelette and the Cyprus omelette; both had nice ingredients and great tasting cheese.  Both were also overcooked, making them a bit dry.  If the cooks had cooked the eggs a few minutes less, these omelettes would be amazing. Next time we go, I will request that the cooks pull my omelette sooner.  We also shared some turkey bacon; it was good, but it was a bit too sweet for me. The pieces were also on the thin side, but perhaps I'm just used to my bacon at home, which is delicious!Prices are reasonable, the place is adorable, service can be stronger, but it's very polite and everyone is willing to help (not just your personal server).  Am interested in their lunch menu too! Give them a try!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,8/16/2012,174,118,9,16,12>Unlike many restaurants this one has a name that is actually fairly accurate. It is in Santa Monica and they have seafood.  Accept for one thing, it is amazing super awesome epic seafood!Now at it's heart it is a gourmet seafood market, however they have an amazing cafe here where you can sit and eat some of the freshest seafood outside of a high end sushi restaurant.  Of course I wasn't looking for sushi on the menu so instead I ordered their special Maine Lobster Roll.  And wow was it packed with a lot of lobster. Amazing super awesome epic lobster to be exact. There wasn't any lettuce or other sandwich veg to take away from the lobster or make you feel like you were not getting your money's worth.  It was simply a lot of lobster tossed in a light mayonnaise style dressing and layered inside of a soft bread roll.The lightness of the sauce and the softness of the bread roll complemented the lobster perfectly, elevating it above the other ingredients instead of causing a distraction.  The order came with some fries, but hey, who are we kidding, we all know who the star is on this plate.We also got the New England Clam Chowder as a starter and I feel like raving about that as well.  The chowder wasn't heavy at all and in every spoonful you were getting a pile of large, fresh clams. My favorite clam chowder used to be at the Splash Cafe up in Pismo Beach until I tried the version here. It is light years beyond anything I have had before.The Spicy Tuna Sliders were served as well, which work great on their own.  However, I do feel a little bad for the sliders because there was just no competing while sitting on the same table as that lobster roll.The review would not be complete if I didn't give some props to the seafood market as well. If you are a home chef with some recipes requiring gourmet seafood ingredients, then you need to come here. Fresh/live lobster, a wide variety of fresh fish from around the country, fresh shell fish, they have it all.  You can also select from a variety of different pre-made dishes such as ceviche or cold seafood pastas.Even the dry goods here are a great selection. You can get some good dry rubs for your fish, and you can get a cedar plank to grill some salmon on. They even have a decent wine selection to pair with your seafood at home.I highly recommend stopping in for a nice lunch sometime. I think you will agree that it is pretty good food. You might even agree that it is amazing super awesome epic food!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,8/15/2012,67,214,6,10,11>This was my 1st full marathon.  Hands down one of the best experiences of my life!  I always said if I ran a FULL marathon I always wanted my first to be in my backyard and this past Sunday I did just that.My goal going into this was to run a sub 4 for my first marathon.  I wasn't sure if I was going to since I was nursing a sore right achilles tendon and left hamstring for over a month.  The week leading up to the race I felt the best I've felt in a long time so I went into it with the mentality of I'm going to do my best and if my best wasn't enough that day I was just going to have fun and soak up the atmosphere.  Race day could not have been better.  The weather cooperated in the morning till early afternoon.  It wasn't until the afternoon that the crazy winds kicked in and caused havoc.  However strong these winds were the weather was still way better than 2011.  Drop off was pretty easy this year.  I heard horror stories from last year of people getting off a mile from the Dodger Stadium exit on the 110 North and running to the start.  Nothing like that this year.  I was in corral B and it was perfect.  No walkers to slow people down and everybody was on pace so it was pretty easy to get into your race pace.  Crowd support was amazing on this race.  From start to finish it was just pure love from everybody.  Everybody was so friendly and enthusiastic.  One of the best support was the drummers on the hills.  If you could match your foot rotation to the drum beat it was an ideal pace to march you up those hills in the beginning.  Thank you LA Marathon for thinking of that.  The was a good amount of bathrooms spread through out the course so making a pit stop was pretty easy.  I'm a nervous runner.  As a result I usually have to go to the restroom between mile 4-6.  If I can make it past mile 6 I'm usually good for the entire race.  This Sunday my stomach was not my friend due to all my nerves going nuts.  By mile 4, I knew I had to stop to use the restroom and knew my sub 4 goal was a long shot.  However, that was a blessing in disguise.  I stopped worrying about my goal and just enjoyed everything that LA has to offer.  And LA does have a lot to offer!  We just have to open our eyes and see.  BEAUTIFUL!The first 4 hours of the marathon went by fast.  I saw every part of the course and heard every support chant as well.  It was just amazing.  I couldn't believe how fast that went by and how my body was holding up surprisingly well.  The last 2 miles was the toughest because it's my training ground and I can usually fly through there.  While I didn't hit the "wall" I did make the "wall" my bitch!  I wasn't able to hit another gear until 7th and San Vicente Blvd where I saw my friends.  Once I saw them and screamed out hi I was in a different zone.  My feet started to move and I was doing my best impression of Forrest Gump.  All I saw was Ocean Blvd and I was passing people left and right.  I didn't hear a thing except the voice in my head.  When I made my final turn onto Ocean Blvd all I saw was the finish line and nothing else.  I just kept going and everything else was a blur.  I really couldn't believe I had that much push at the end.  Once I crossed the finish line I was so happy but my legs were spent.  My right foot was suddenly in a ton of pain and I felt like my legs were just going give and collapse on me.  This reality I knew was coming but didn't realize it would set in this fast.  Regardless I would not trade this experience or want to do it differently.  I was amazing.  Thank you Los Angeles for putting up with 23,000 people running through the streets and clogging up your day.  Thank you Los Angeles (and surrounding cities) for all your support with the water, GUs, oranges, beer, pretzels, funny signs and last but definitely not least your cheers and calling our names.  You do not know how much that little piece of encouragement goes while we are in a world of hurt!  THANK YOU LOS ANGELES!
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,8/14/2012,171,452,6,12,9>Very pleasantly surprised with this place! A nice upscale addition to the Napa Valley Grille/Palomino options that Westwood offers. The menu is a mix between american/italian, and the pasta is absolutely delicious. It seems like it is home made?  The ambiance is gorgeous too with the ....Skylight
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,8/13/2012,295,322,5,9,8>My girlfriend & I celebrated our 1 year a little early last night. Very glad I made a reservation, because this place is packing. I'd recommend doing the same if you are planning on coming, because they don't have an inside waiting area, and you should definitely eat here.Beer - Good selection on tap, have a lot of local favorites like Strand Ale, and the Brouwerij Tripel, a Belgian from PV.Brussel Sprouts - My favorite of the night! I can't imagine there is a better appetizer on their menu. Crispy sprouts, cooked in butter & garlic, topped with a lot of lemon juice and capers. It's a wonderfully, crafted dish. Something to admire.Shoestring Fries - I'm glad my girlfriend ordered these, because they were delicious. A mild blue cheese dressing, with some hot sauce that was more vinegar splashed on top. It really helped cut the fat of the fries & cheese.Oysters on the half shell - Tiny oysters from Carlsbad. Tasted very fresh & delicious.Arugula "Fold Over" Pizza - Wood fire oven pizza is seriously one of the best things ever. I also love arugula, you can't go wrong with it on pizza. Mild goat cheese, kalamata olives...it was delicious. I ate it like a fresh arugula salad wrap. Definitely get a pizza here, you won't be sorry.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/14/2012,8/12/2012,474,445,19,14,13>This was our second attempt to visit Me N Eds. The first started with us setting out for dinner with an overly tired and hungry toddler and ended with us walking out the door when we we told it would be over 45 minutes for a pizza. I am happy to report that the second visit did go better.First off, their set up is sorta weird. After placing my pizza order at the counter I tried to order drinks and was told by the unenthusiastic, yet very angry teenager ringing me up that salads and drinks are ordered and paid for at the bar. In and of itself, that seems strang, but the stranger thing about it is that the bar is literally two steps away but you are forced into two separate transactions.Anyway, the bride and smallest rug rat are simple folk, so we went with a basic pepperoni pizza. The angry teenager screamed our order number into the microphone and unless I knew we were next, I wouldn't have understood her. As I took the pizza from the counter, I asked for plates and napkins. She shot me a sideways look and said something to the effect, "The napkins and plates are over there! Why does everyone keep asking me that?" To which, I silently answered in my head, "Um. Maybe because you work here?" It must be exhausting to be a teenager, in a dead-end job with that much pent up frustration? So, I cut her some slack and just looked down my nose at her without uttering a response.The pizza was good, not the greatest, but I never expected it to be. Like the place and the patrons, the pizza seemed honest and straightforward. The highlight of the evening was the live bluegrass music aplaying.We will return to face the wrath of the 19 year old who thinks she's got it all figured out and the rest of us are morons soon. I wonder in 5 years if she'll still be as angry and smart? I doubt it, since she'll be older and we all kow your IQ decreases with age. Just ask your kids.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,8/11/2012,594,225,26,30,25>With the exception of the Mexican employees scrambling around in the back making your tacos, everything else here screams "GRINGO!"  But I don't care.  One bite of Tito's bean and meat burrito had me throwing everything I learned about real Mexican food from my years in SD out the window.Unseasoned shredded beef?Cheddar cheese?Watered down guac?Tomato puree "salsa"?Put all that in a Tito's taco shell, then deep fry it and I will gladly say "yes peaz!!"Light on the wallet, tantalizing to the taste buds and welcomed by your fat cells - Tito's serves up the best unauthentic Mexican food EVER!----Must Have Item: Meat and bean burrito w/ cheese.  It may look small, but boy does it stick to your ribs.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,8/10/2012,130,532,14,19,20>My friend found his place just with the help of the trusty Yelp search. I checked the website out and they mention they were on Food Network's show called Outrageous Food. I really wanted to try it especially after reading fellow Yelper Eli G's review too.Right when we got there we were overwhelmed with all the different types of burgers. I believe it was the owner's son who helped us out and was so friendly. The owner, Toni, was actually the one in the kitchen still handling it in there. I ended up ordering three mini burgers:Southern SMO Burger (turkey patty with smothered gravy, grilled onions, special spicy sauce and cheese) BBQ Soul Burger (turkey patty layered with pastrami, greens, egg, cheese, and special spicy BBQ sauce)Delicious Extreme burger (turkey patty layered with turkey bacon, egg, greens, yams, dressing, special spicy sauce and cheese) All were pretty bite sized but it's still a lot that you'll finish in about 3 bites. I was very surprised that you can still taste every single layer with the mini burgers. The turkey patty itself was very juicy, cooked just right. The sesame buns were lightly toasted and were a great touch. I loved them all but my favorite was the BBQ Soul burger. I tried some of my friend's fish burger and that was really good too. I got a side of mac and cheese and it was pretty good. There were a couple burgers not included in the mini burger, like the fish and pork chop burger. I'd love to come back and try the pork chop one.As seen on TV: Outrageous Food - Food Network
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,8/9/2012,750,550,53,44,40>Cheddar Tater Tots?Spreads them lips....Spicy Bbq Tater Tots?Call me, so I can get it juicy fo' ya.I love TOTS!  (fried kind, not the underage ones)*Bloop Bloop*
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,8/8/2012,210,141,6,12,6>I actually hesitated before writing this review. "What if people READ my review and then go and then all the classes are full and then I can't go and then..." you can see where this is going? Well I decided to not listen to my inner and let's be honest, quite self-centered and confident, inner voice and write the damn thing.I tried the airobics class with fellow yelper Tracy W. ( yelp.com/user_details?us… ) and had an AMAZING time. The instructor was fit as fit can be, and the music was loud and fun to move to.... here's a step by step guide on making this a memorable exercise experience.1. Remember you will be jumping and stretching... dress accordingly. (i.e. men don't wear too lose shorts, wear a substantial "support system" ladies, and don't wear too short of shorts or lose of tops...) 2. I know someone complained on a review that they thought it was a "low impact" exercise. You are jumping, repeatedly, for an hour, on a trampoline. Doesn't take a genius to figure out this might not be the best move for those with back problems.3. Have a sense of humor, because at times you will feel like you are preforming a move from west side story (insert snaps here), awkwardly trying out for an adult film,(there is a lot of weird squatting movements...) or just not exactly in rhythm with the other jumpers. Don't worry. You get a better work out when you laugh.For $8 you will not find a better, more creative way to burn tons of calories in an hour. Don't all rush at once, I still want a spot!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/7/2012,164,163,11,6,8>I cant believe I skipped writing a review on Paoli's Pizzeria.  Ive been here 3 times & for some reason I have to order the same thing every time.  Why you ask.  well because I am sold on their pizza but not just any pizza "The Climax" yes people you read right.The Climax is a pizza that is worth cheating on any diet any day of the week. Thank god I don't go to Paoli's to often or else I'd be the blimp of the year. Ok back to the pizza.  Make sure you order your Climax with white sauce. Pizza comes out right out the oven, gooey cheese, sausage, pesto, & white sauce. Yummy!!! My mouth is watering as I write this review.  The perfect combination of flavors & not to mention their crust is pretty darn good. Restaurant is cute they have tons of pictures they have displayed all around their walls. Staff is friendly staff, karaoke begins at 9pm & the crowds that go there are fun loving people who want to have fun. Just last night the couple that was sitting next to us asked what type of pizza we ordered.  I told them The Climax & yes when you bite into it you literally want to climax.  LOL
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,8/6/2012,813,468,6,10,9>I came here on a double date. Upon arriving, it was warm. Too much lighting my taste. I think if it was dimmer, I wouldn't have been so hot in here. I loved the live music. I love that ye waiters are friendly and authentic. Btw, I think everybody should try this place at least once. A dancing waiter that does handstands and kicks over people's heads without touching the? Pretty priceless. Drinking the glass on the floor and spinning it without spillage? pretty hot. We had appetizers. The octopus reminded me of Greece. I really mean it. So good. The calamari was good. The horiatiki salata was bomb.com. The keftedes were juicy and flavorful. The tiropites were were flaky and hot and the saganaki of course was wonderful as well. The garlic dip was my favorite. They have a great selection of beer and wines. I would definitely come again. My highlight of the night was an old man grabbing the microphone and singing Angie by the Rolling Stones.Let the good times roll. :)
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,8/5/2012,521,286,12,15,11>Home cooking and waitresses that call me "Honey."  Oh that will get you somewhere with me.  Add a big hot sandwich from the Specials Board and I am good. This place has good and bad days, much like food from our own kitchens. On the good days, it's easy 4 stars. My 4-star meal was a succulent and tender tri-tip sandwich. On a bad day, it's good cafeteria food, covered in gravy. Oh my.My rating is for those good days when I am "Honey" and the hash browns are crispy and the food is like an old friend from a cast iron skillet.  Take me to that home cooking and fill my belly. Just don't forget to bring cash; no credit cards accepted. D'oh!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,8/4/2012,84,17,32,21,21>ZANZIBAR IS OFF THE CHAIN!!!! O.k. Okay, O.K.........everyone is entitled to their opinions...and I've read a lot of the negative post about this spot on Friday Nights. So here's 6-Steps for for those who should not ever go to a club. Ever Ever (In my Chris Tucker voice)--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­----------SIX STEPS FOR THOSE WHO SHOULD NOT GO TO A CLUB!!!__________________________________________________­_____________1.) If your a nerd...(I don't mean Nerd like it's a good thing) I mean a little whinny go to a club once in a blue moon because your broke -Nerd -  This ain't the club for you__________________________________________________­_____________2.) If your a "Wanna-be" high maintenance person (Male or Female) and your into that corney "Hollywood Scene" - Keep your ass in Hollywood (This ain't the club for you)__________________________________________________­_____________3.) If your a dude that don't get laid or don't have a girlfriend (because you can't get one)....and you don't know how to pull females - This ain't the club for you__________________________________________________­_____________4.) If your a lady, and stuck up (or got a stick stuck up your ass) and think that your too good to sweat (or your ass is too fat so your gonna sweat no matter what) - this really ain't the club for you. sn: If your a skinny chic and too good to sweat you probably suck in bed so this ain't the club for you__________________________________________________­_____________5.) If your weak when it comes to drinking, don't drink and don't come here cause you'll get wasted......This isn't the spot for you. Try the daycare center 6 blocks down.__________________________________________________­_____________6.) Finally for both Men and Woman (or boys and girls for those that don't know what a good time looks like) if your anything like that guy named "Brian I." that bitched about having to come to a club, then do yourselves a favor and don't go to any clubs because if ya can't dance, you don't sweat and if ya don't sweat your taking up valuable space for people that want to have fun and dance. STOP YA WHINNING, this is one of the BEST JOINTS in L.A. that lets you dress the way you want to and have fun, not to mention there has never been any fights at the club to date!!******Oh and one more thing to everyone complaining about spending money to get into a club, Suga Free said it best "If stay ready ya don't have to get ready," so if your late and have to pay.....pay......or stay your broke ass at home....this goes for both men and women, trying to come to a club and complain about paying $5.00 to get into a spot. Your broke, pathetic asses should stay home or get a better life.*********--------------------------------------------------­--------------------------------------------------­----------For everyone else, I have been to clubs and promoted many clubs and I have never seen a club with such an atmosphere, vibe and good energy as this particular club provides. By all means, clear ya mind, grab a drink, grab a partner and let yourself go and enjoy the ride called Zanzibar.....I did and I'll do it all over again!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,8/3/2012,1439,286,20,34,24>For my 250th review, I choose to my alumni:  California State University Dominguez Hills.I followed in my father's school blueprint since going to the same Junior High School.  CSUDH is the college that I recently graduated and finally earned my Bachelor's Degree with an emphasis on Media Studies.  It might have taken me a while, but I loved every damn semester!  This was the college that helped me find out about my crappy health problem thanks to 1 of the awesome nurses there.  People talk about all of these prestigious colleges from UCLA to USC, but honestly...to me, it's all bragging rights.  I chose to go to CSUDH instead of those farther colleges because first of all; it's local for me, second...it's been under the radar as a great "not so known" college.  This campus is so diverse, that White folks on 1 of the campus radio shows expressed their feelings about how they feel that THEY are the minority of the school!  The teachers here are great...from Russo to Sharp, Sudalnik, Hess, etc.  Counselors like Whetmore may be strict, but he can help you with getting your degree.  Welch Hall is an awesome building in which you can get help with your academic progress or even lack thereof.  There, they have the financial aid office, admissions & records, etc. to help answer all of the questions you may have about the campus and its programs.  The Loker Student Union is one of the best buildings ever built for students.  The restrooms are so damn clean and I appreciate that because I've seen such horrible restrooms at Carson High and Harbor College in the past filled with nothing but gangs and/or wankstas smoking weed and shooting some dice.  Inside the Loker Student Union, there's everything from a Subway restaurant, Surf City Squeeze, Johnnie's Pizza, etc. in the 2nd level, a nice student lounge at the 1st level, and some nicely spacious meeting rooms  on the 3rd level, along with an outdoor patio that reminds me of when Busta Rhymes & Omar Epps fought the skinheads in the very under-rated/appreciated movie that should've won an Academy Award:  "Higher Learning"  by director John Singleton.CSUDH is a campus that doesn't get enough love and credit, yet..is getting packed every semester.  I really wish that since the Home Depot Center makes so much money off the college's parking during their huge events, they should get a percentage of the sales and use it towards helping out the school.  Hopefully, all of the recent teacher strikes get resolved because I honestly believe that they do not get paid enough as opposed to athletes and celebrities.MUCH LOVE and RESPECT to the PAST ALUMNI and CSUDH CLASS of 2012!!!!  GO TOROS!  *throws up their illuminati-like school hand sign:s3-media1.ak.yelpcdn.com…
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,8/2/2012,300,62,13,15,15>GROUPON DID ME SOOOO RIGHT! Exit Alondra off the 710 N, make a left, and Honey's Kettle is right there on the left hand side.... smack dab  IN THE HOOD.But at least you know the fried chicken is delicious right?  The joint looks a little sketchy but the workers are helpful and friendly.  Very inexpensive and all the food comes in donut type of take out boxes.  We tried everything! From the hush puppies, rice & Gravy, home made biscuits, fries, and cole slaw.  Everything was so good but it was the chicken that blew me away.Golden, Greasy, Goodness.The only way I know how to describe it is... you know how Adam Richman on Man VS Food stops by some southern fried chicken place in the south... and the camera zooms in all close and your mouth starts salivating.  When Adam picks up a piece of the fried chickens and bites into it... ...well, that expression on his face when he takes his first bite mirrors exactly how I felt when I tried Honey's Kettle chicken.  Best. Fried. Chicken. Ever.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,8/1/2012,243,99,12,10,12>The girls are hot, the treats are cool... You are guaranteed a permanent smile as you unwrap a Beachy Cream ice cream sandwich and prepare to take a bite. Ginger Wipeout...or Key Lime...Ginger Wipeout...orrrr Key Lime... Hmm, Ginger Wipeout or Key Lime.........?! BOTH! When I'm torn between my two favs, I ALWAYS get em' both because, like anything THAT GOOD, I know I will be jonesing for another as soon as the happiness from the first wears off!Hands down, these are the best, most bitchin' flavor combos in my book. Amazing. What makes them good:- the sandwiches are not too big or too small- they have the perfect cookie to ice cream ratio- the ice cream is frozen at the perfect temp so its creamy, but won't squish out when you take a bite- the cookies manage to be crisp, but not hard, and easy to take a biteNo other ice cream sandwich touches Beachy Cream... doesn't even come close! Beachy Cream's ice cream is just that - creamy, yet incredibly light and refreshing, rocking your taste buds with the yummiest and most inventive flavors. And Beachy isn't kidding when they say REAL, ORGANIC ice cream - they use ALL organic ingredients, right down to the vanilla! The ice cream is whipped up by hand every day at the store and their cookies are baked fresh on the premises, with each sandwich meticulously assembled with love and care.My picks are obviously Ginger Wipeout and Key Lime (oh and of course the GLUTEN FREE choco chip), but don't get me wrong, ALL of Beachy Cream's flavors are to die for. With the opening of their new store comes a variety of new and rotating flavors that has me longing for my next "lick, bite, smile" experience. **FYI: Beachy MOVED and is now located on Wilshire in SaMo (and NOT at the market)!** As the temperature rises, this is the PERFECT warm weather indulgence that will have you falling in love at first bite. If you love ice cream or just in the mood for a cool treat, I suggest you check out Beachy Cream and get your "lick, bite, smile" on!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2012,7/31/2012,495,527,16,19,16>B Sweet doesn't have a storefront, my friends and I learned this on a very rainy afternoon! After lunch we were craving something sweet so we Yelped it and assumed we could walk in and get some baked goods. Thankfully we were able to find their kitchen (tucked behind the parking lot of a few other restaurants). We were also thankful that they had caught them before heading out with all of their baked goods! The carrot cake and red velvet cake/truffle pops were very moist and a tad on the sweet side for my liking. The red velvet cupcakes were a bit floury and the cream cheese frosting made up for it. (I can totally justify their ingredient choices being "floury" or "too sweet" if the premium ingredients were part of the reason; the freshness factor will always win in my book.The fudge brownies were ok and better when warmed! If the brownies were crispier, I would love them even more. Oh but the winner winner chicken dinner was the chocolate chip banana bread (CCBB)!! Very moist and just the right balance of banana and chocolate chip, and even better when I sliced it and toasted it!!! Mmmmmmm :)I hope that their truck makes it out to the Pasadena area soon because it's kind of a trek for me! Barb and her team at B Sweet were very welcoming and it's nice to know that they offer more than just sweets. Check out their website for catering options. Looks like a great choice for local companies who cater regularly.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,7/30/2012,635,744,7,12,11>I found myself drinking here for 2 mornings in a row this weekend. Don't judge me. I came here a long time ago for a Yelp Elite event, and was excited to know about a new champagne brunch spot, so when my best friend visited for a brunch date, I took her here! Great location near 3rd street and the beach, AND bottomless champagne? I knew how to impress the pants off my date.Yesterday, we came for brunch at 11 and were seated quickly. $12 bottomless mimosas. I ordered the quiche (spinach, gruyere, cheddar, bacon) and she ordered the baked mac and cheese with chorizo. I had never heard of adding chorizo, but we both realized that this is a brilliant idea. It was perfectly gooey, cheesy, and greasy, and in a HUGE bowl. I loved my quiche too. It came with a side salad and the quiche had the perfect combination of flavors with a soft, cheesy texture and a flaky crust. We sat for hours sharing each other's food, telling stories, and enjoying one mimosa after another. My only complaint about the brunch menu is that it's pretty small and doesn't have sweet thangs other than the French pancakes. Lots of omelettes but no waffles, French toast, or other classic breakfast greatness. We stayed until about 3 and service was great, even though we got less and less refills later on and had to ask for them. Or maybe our waitress just thought we drank too much. It happens sometimes. Overall it was a great, affordable brunch in an awesome location, which ran me about $25 after tax and tip. Not bad to get a little "happy" and have some great food! Very unique, hipster-ish atmosphere too, and super friendly staff.I also stopped by with a friend on Saturday to visit some other friends having brunch, we shared the San Danele Prosciutto and Eggs (my fave dish from the Yelp event and one that I tried to re-create at home many times) and two drinks..... my friend's screwdriver with St. Germain was the best she'd ever had, she claimed, and my breakfast cocktail with oatmeal bourbon was interesting and tasty too. The Misfit made at least 3 new fans this weekend. If they opened earlier, added more brunch options, and kept the mimosas flowing, they'd be absolutely perfect! I'll be back to this great spot.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2012,7/29/2012,797,1031,9,17,13>Amazing amazing ramen!Ramen Iroha is this authentic ramen shop in Japan that's won people's choice for the best ramen for three years in a row!  Starting from the end of June till mid Sept, Ramen Iroha has opened up a pop-up ramen shop inside the Marukai Market Gardena to test the market before they open up a permanent shop in LA!And damn I'm glad they chose this area.  Came here for lunch since I work nearby.  Ramen Iroha is definitely the big buzz in that market.  The line wasn't long but there was plenty of people already waiting for their numbers to be called.  There's 3 types of ramen (black shoyu, spicy red miso, white chicken broth) and each type has three different price point.   I went for the $11 Negitama Shoyu Chasu ramen, their most popular, which is a shoyu ramen made with rich black soy.  If you've never had black soy, just know that it is a world of difference from your regular soy sauce.  The broth is just amazing.  Thanks to the black soy, it just has a completely different flavor profile.  LA has many flavorful tonkotsu-based broth, but I can say Iroha's can seriously rival them, and it doesn't taste as oily as some others!  Black soy is much fuller and has a nice lingering flavor.  There's black pepper to give it that peppery aroma as well. The noodle is the curly egg noodles, which is perfect for the soup to stick onto!The reason it is $11 is also because it comes with 4-5 slices of their amazing chasu!  One of the most flavorful chasu I've had anywhere.  There's this fat cap on the chasu and it's just buttery smooth.  It's definitely worth it to pay extra for the extra slices of chasu!  Then again, I love pork ahaha :PThe soft boiled egg is cooked perfectly and very nicely marinated as well!  Actually everything about that bowl of ramen is a job well done.Also tried the $3 chasu bun.  It's the same chasu from the ramen, but a thicker cut, with iceberg lettuce and sauce inside a bun.  I asked the guy what the sauce was and he just said "modified teriyaki sauce."  It is much sweeter than your typical teriyaki sauce, almost like a marmalade.  There's also a bit of mustard?  Not quite sure.  Good to try it once, but I'm saving that $3 so I can use it for a $2 upgrade for a large ramen bowl next time!That bowl of ramen is seriously one of the best I've had, if not the best!   I love how the South Bay is this central hub for ramen.  They should just open up a permanent shop.  Now.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,7/28/2012,750,698,10,14,14>Very short update!Never order the halibut fin sashimi, the slice was so thin. I was expecting a bigger slice, just like sushi, but no rice. Boy, I was wrong and so disappointed. Fortunately I didn't pay for it, if not, I would be so pissed. Other than that, all my other sushi still superb as usual, warm rice and fresh slices of fishes. .
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,7/27/2012,209,142,10,12,11>La Monarca Bakery is my new favorite small bakery on the West side. It's clean. The employees are nice. Street parking (meter) isn't too bad in that part of Santa Monica. Those things are nice, but it is the baked desserts, breads, sweets, and strong coffee which make me want to go back over and over again.I don't even know the name of my favorite item. It's a flat, crispy pastry that reminds me of the kind I loved as a kid. I think they are called Palmiers, but I'm not sure. Second on my list are the fresh croissants and chocolate croissants. To be honest, I haven't found a bread from their fresh section to left of the entrance that I didn't love.I still call it the butterfly bakery, but thank you to the Yelp app for helping me find La Monarca!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,7/26/2012,2650,519,22,25,23>I am completely GA-GA for Sunny Blue.My last visit at Sunny Blue. I poked my head in the door from outside...had two dogs with me. I got a "hello" greeting from 3 omusubi masters, who recognized me right away. I asked, "Can I just order to-go from here? I can't bring my dogs in"Omusubi master girl: "Of course!""Can I scan the Stamppede App from here too?Omusubi master girl:  "Of course!""Can I pay from here?"Omusubi master girl:  "Sharr is that a trick question? Of course you can!""Wait, you know me?!?!" (my cheeks are flushed red at this point)Omusubi master girl" "Of course! We read your review on YELP!"Mental note:  okay not only do the boys know me here now, this omusubi master girl knows me too....I failed miserably at my attempt to be incognito.Sunny Blue just can't get any better in my book, let me count the ways:- Stamppede App scan-in with my iPhone - 10th omusubi for free! This will take me a while because with each visit, I get several omusubis. So in actuality, I probably doubled the omusubi several visits ago!- BROWN RICE option!!!! *Okay I'm a little mad Stephen (one of the young omusubi masters behind the counter) didn't tell me this until like my 5th visit. - Sunny Blue special plain tart yogurt is fantastic, I love mine drizzed with condensed milk and azuki red beans.- LOVE the way they pack omusubi to-go, the seaweed is protected in a separate plastic...which means I can heat up my omusubi anytime and still eat it fresh!- I ALWAYS luck out with parking....VIP front parking almost every time. It's like Sunny Blue and I are meant to be together. I love that there is only one like it here in LA, and it's small, quaint and charming. The service is always phenomenal. Don't ever change!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/25/2012,791,331,12,20,17>I am surprised at the wide variety of reviews for Shalimar.   After a day of running around with the Fam and being FAM-ished we decided to give this place. ( courtesy of the positive Yelp reviews)  Authenticity is a definite here with several Brits waiting to take food to go as we cued up to be seated. They were singing their praises before we even sat down. So between Yelp and the regulars we were primed for a tasty, spicy bit of India. The wait staff was very friendly and efficient. Our water and Khakra - Crispy Flatbread- with a trio of dipping sauces including  one each of spicy, sweet and slightly sour  were seconds behind us sitting down.  A perfect way to curb one's appetite before ordering.  The Lamb Vindaloo was loaded with perfectly cooked tender chucks of bite sized pieces that were  nicely seasoned and delightfully spicy. The potatoes were like wise perfectly cooked in the Vindaloo. yelp.com/user_local_phot…The Chicken Tikka Masala did not disappoint. The smokey flavors of well cooked but still tender chicken married perfectly with the rich and smooth Masala, spiced to perfection as well. yelp.com/user_local_phot…The Garlic Naan and the pillowy soft basmati rice with a touch of saffron were the perfect accompaniment to the meal. Great for dipping too in the abundant Masala and Vindaloo sauces. Great value for the money and great quality, everything tasted fresh. I heard they also have a good lunch buffet. If you are at the far west end of the valley do yourself a favor and get your Indian fix at Shalimar.  Last but not least our glowing reaction led to our waiter giving us a free "vip" card entitling us to %15 off all of or our future visits, nice!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/24/2012,1682,713,17,25,23>I've been wanting to stop in this place for a while now since reading all the raving reviews on Yelp.I finally got a chance the other day as I was making the trek from El Segundo to Redondo Beach after a client meeting and decided to stop in for some dessert.  At first I had no idea where it was but thank God for GPS as my navigator delivered me right to their front door.  I had no idea this bakery was even located here.As I entered, I saw all the great cupcakes, cakes, cookies and pastries that were available and I must admit, it got me pretty excited, haha.  I especially liked how they had all the cakes lined up on the top of the display case and they looked really appetizing.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…The cupcakes were $3 each so I decided I'd try a few and ordered the Peanut Butter, Red Velvet and the special of the day which was a Strawberry Shortcake.  I took these home and munched on the Red Velvet right away.  Man was this delicious.  The cake was so moist and I loved the creamy frosting.  I thought it was perfect.  It was so good I couldn't resist and finished half of the Peanut Butter cupcake too which also was creamy and moist.  Both cupcakes had the center of the cupcake filled with a little bit of frosting too.  I was in heaven cupcake heaven.The next day, I finished off the rest of the Peanut Butter and the Strawberry Shortcake which was great with the little bits of strawberries, again very moist and creamy.  These delightful little morsels were $3 each.  For a piece of one of the cakes, it's $5.50 which I thought was a little steep for a slice of cake.  Although, the server commented it was a big size but when I asked her to show me a sample, I didn't think it merited the $5.50 price actually so I skipped on it.I'll definitely be back to pick up some cupcakes again soon.  The only thing I would say is that they should have some sort of numbering system as it seemed a little chaotic as to who was going to be served next.  People were standing around in front of the counter when I entered.  I was standing for a bit waiting patiently as a guy ordered a cake with Go Kings Go written on it I suppose for a hockey game party.  After a while when it seemed everyone else before me had finally been served, the one server who I thought would then ask "hi, how can I help you", just suddenly walked out of the room when she was done helping the guy in front of me.  One of the girls who was just ruffling through some paperwork even as the place was a little more packed with customers saw me standing there and finally asked me "have you been helped"?  I somewhat sarcastically said, "uh, no" because she was standing there near the counter the whole time and could plainly see what had been going on and that I hadn't been attended to yet.  She ended up being helpful in getting me what I wanted and answering my questions but she seemed to have a slight attitude after our initial exchange.I would have given this place 5 stars but I had to ding them 1 star for the lack of attention and lack of common sense with the workers. I don't know if Susie reads these reviews or if there even is a Susie but I would suggest whoever is in charge to train your girls to have a more congenial disposition when it comes to serving customers.  A demure smile and a sweet hello can still go a long way.the-spearhead.com
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/23/2012,1441,859,38,42,41>[One of my Yelp friends asked me to do a review in Pidgeon, so here goes the attempt for the first two paragraph.  See ** and ** for pidgeon translation]Wow!  What a plateful of an experience eating at the Back Home In Lahaina!(**  Wow laulau!  Stay good fun fo go to Back Home In Lahaina for get some kaukau.**)One of my friends who is originally from Iran wanted to try Hawaiian food because I'm always talking about it.  I decided on Back Home in Lahaina.   Our experience started off with a lot of confusion and excitement (not particularly good), but we both walked out very full and happy!  (**My friend who stay from Iran was ono fo eat Hawaiian kaukau cuz I'm always wala'auing about da kine.  I went tink for go to Back Home in Lahaina.  Ho cuz, we went have one bussup time at first and was choke exciting, but when all pau, our opu was piha and we was hau'oli.**)We got to the restaurant at 2:00 and were the only ones in the restaurant (not for long).   We first started to order the Ahi Poke.   SORRY SOLD OUT.  We then attempted to order the Krab Poke.  SORRY SOLD OUT!(**  We went get there at 2:00 and nobody stay inside.  We first wanted fo try da Ahi Poke.   Auwe, no mo.  Den, we like tryda Krab Poke.  Auwe, no mo again.  What?!  Fo Real?!   All pau, and bumbye pau!  **)While taking a look at the menu, the waiter came running to the table and asked us to stay calm during the emergency they were having.  WHAT?!   WHAT EMERGENCY?!?!   Ended up that the dumpster in the parking lot had caught fire and there were 3 fire engines in the back battling the blaze (since the fire was spread to the nearby buildings).   Luck would have it, my car was parked 3 stalls away from the fire!!!  I ran out to move it out of the way!We got back to ordering the food, and I ordered the Hawaiian Mixed plate ($16.95) which included laulau (Hawaiian taro leafs, pork and fish), kalua pork, chicken long rice, lomilomi salmon, rice, macaroni salad, and dessert!    WOO HOO!   A couple of minutes later, the waiter came back and told us that they were also SOLD OUTof laulau because they had a long busy weekend.    Bummers.  We asked if we could replace the laulau with another protein - we selected the Hawaiian BBQ Beef.   Super glad that we did!Despite a very dissapointing start, the meal really turned out to be a great experience for the both of us:LomiLomi Salmon - this was a ombination of diced tomatoes, onions, green onions, and salted salmon.  First, Hawaiian food is salty, but this dish was SUPER SALTY.   No complaints from me,  but I don' tthink that the average person could handle this much salt.  Grade:  BChicken Long Rice - chicken stock with flavors of ginger, served with Chinese long rice noodles and pieces of chicken and green onions.   Grade:  B-.Kalua Pork:  Hawaiian styled pulled pork, made with tender pork and flavored with liquid smoke.  Grade:  B.Japanese Fried Chicken:  Pieces of fried chicken that was deep fried.  Served crispy and hot on the outside and tender and hot on the inside.  Grade:  B.Macaroni Salad:  Elbow macaroni mixed with mayo and spices.   Gotta be honest - this wasn't my favorite.Hawaiian BBQ Beef:  Just like they make back at home.  Thinly slied pieces of beef marinated in a soy marinade and grilled.  AMAZING food and reminded me of my childhood.  The waiter insisted that we order this - glad we did!  ONO (Hawaiian for delicious).  Grade:  A!Haupia creamcheese Dessert:  WOWEE!  On the bottom was a shortbread cookie, layered with creamcheese, and topped with haupia pudding (coconut pudding). It was absolutely delicious and tasted like it was made back home in Honolulu!  Grade:  A!Service was OUTSTANDING!  Due to the rocky start (running out of food three times, fire in the back yard), the server worked his okole (Hawaiian for your behind) off to make sure it was a great experience.  He brought by Hawaiian Chili Pepper Sauce for us to try, and checked on us constantly.  He also made sure we got our dessert to go and provided refills as needed.Na mea'ai maika'i i Back Home In Lahaina!  Nunui ka hau'oli au i keia manawa!  Piha, ko'u opu!  Mahalos!  (The food from Back Home in Lahaina is good!  I'm super happy right now.  My stomach is full!  Thanks!)Food Grade:  BService Grade:  A-Worth the Money Grade:  A-Overall Impression:  B+/A-.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,7/22/2012,3170,1316,87,47,39>**THE SHORT STORY OF MY LEGS VS. THE STAIRS**FIRST LOOP:I can totally do this. It looks weak.SECOND LOOP:Wow, this is actually much more difficult the second time. I can still kick this.THIRD LOOP:FML. I have to do this. I live in LA, those skinny-ass biatches will steal my boyfriend.FOURTH LOOP:OMG, why are my legs numb? Hello?FIVE DAYS LATER  . . .OMG, why are my legs still numb? Hello?THEEND.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,7/21/2012,1537,605,13,16,15>Turophile - A person who fancies cheese.I have been called many things but never a "turophile." That's what the lady called me after she noticed me gently caressing and sniffing a rind of a goat cheese with love at Wally's.I accidentally found this place when I was stuck in traffic outside their front door last week. Aside from cheese there is also a selection of charcuterie, packaged salami and Foie Gras.   The minute you enter, you are hit with a  stellar selection of cheeses.  To accompany cheeses, there is a small selection of baked goods, flat breads and whole wheat crackers. Along with all kinds of fruit jams and preserves, there is also a selection of truffle honeys imported from Italy.  And there are dried pastas and Italian short-grained rice including ones pre-mixed with porcini mushrooms or truffle.On my visit I purchased a Vermont Cultured Butter, which came in a wooden basket and had the perfect balance of sweet, savory, and creamy.  They topped it with fleur de sel crystals that add a crunch and bursts of saltiness. As for cheeses, it was hard to pick!! It's like telling a medical marijuana patient to choose 1 out of 100 different Indica strains. Fortunately the Wally's staff was friendly and helpful.  Per their recommendation I went with a Fourme D'Ambert.  The Fourme d'Ambert is a mild blue cheese with a delicate fruity flavor and mushroom overtones. Outstanding!They also make sandwiches which I am eager to try. One more excuse so I can return to Wally's. This place is small but they have a solid selection and great customer service.  5 stars!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,7/20/2012,405,458,5,10,9>So my friend asked me where I wanted to go for my Birthday and I choose Houstons...and I'm glad that I did.  I have lived near here my whole life and I have never been here.  We cruised in last night a little after 6:00pm and we were seated right away.  I love the decor of the place...it's very romantic.  We got great service and the whole staff worked together as a team to be sure that everyone had what they needed.We ordered the Spinach and Artichoke dip and it was O.K.  I would skip it next time because they give very generous portions.  We both ordered the BBQ Pork ribs that just slide off the bone.  We substituted the fries and slaw for a loaded baked potato.  And we also got salads too.  WOW!  The salads were great.  And the ribs were the best I've ever had.  The potato was HUGE and very delicious.  I can't wait for the next big celebration so I can come back here again!  I loved it and I'm definitely a fan!!!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,7/18/2012,835,409,8,13,11>A great alternative to all the ramen infested restaurants in Gardena, Boiling Point offers 7 flavorful soups to choose from that will satisfy and warm up your belly on any given day: 1) House Special2) Seafood3) Kimchee4) Beef5) Lamb6) Vegetable7) Curry FishballThey each have it's own unique taste and you can customize it by varying the spice level. Not too sure if they are naturally spicy because I got tiny spice and that was SPICY! Good thing I ordered a milk tea because at first sip, I think I burned my throat!So, yes, they have a beverage bar that offer an array of milk tea flavors. So far I've tried, fresh milk tea, hazelnut milk tea, taro, and lavender milk tea. My fave so far is the lavender milk tea and the hazelnut was extremely sweet! tasted like melted Wether's Original candies stirred in milk.If soup is not on your forte tonight, do come for the desserts. They have shaved snow ice desserts. Mango, orange, blueberry, taro, chocolate, and green tea. I've had taro and green tea and both are equally delicious. It looks like a colorful snow mountain topped with pudding, rice balls, red and white sweet beans. The fruit desserts are topped with their respected fruits. The dessert, like I said, are mountainous - so 1 is already good for 3 people...2 if you have a major sweet tooth.The service are young workers, sweet, accommodating. They get busy at times and I've witnessed customers get ansy waiting for their drink orders. If you're not going anywhere, just grab a table and enjoy your soup/drink/dessert there. Otherwise, the tables are just for diners and you'll have to stand around and wait.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,7/17/2012,231,311,11,10,11>Sweet tooth was upon me and I wanted SUGAR! In the area -- kinda -- and used good O' Yelp for recommendations nearby...and wahhhhLAAAH!  Awesome!! -- Nostalgic -- Awesome!!Take it, take it, way, way, back, back to your childhood...I am sure you will find at least one thing from when you was a younging...I sure found a lot :)Did  you see the ref's full of SODAS? Many, many different brands and flavors....from lemons, oranges, strawberries, to root beers, dr peppers and bacon?!! Yes, BACON!!!!!! Taffy's galore...a whole shizz load of it in many colors and flavors. I purchased like 4 different flavored Ramune's soda drink, including a Hello Kitty and Bacon Soda. Also got this weird candy called Satellite Wafers...kinda cool with candy sprinkles on the inside. The wafer would melt in your mouth like I was eating the body of ____ nevermind. And then the sprinkles would be crunchy and hard, kind of addicting now. Lastly, bought chocolate covered gummies and various hard candies. Well anyway, sugar goodness...I can't even break it down and tell you all they have, you would have to stop in if you are in the neighborhood. Peeps at the cashier was cool, friendly and young ^_^Thanks, hope I don't get a cavity :)
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,7/16/2012,285,272,6,9,10>First time here!My friends and I were so confused trying to find this place! We were at Fred Segal and approached the restaurant next to it. There was not one single sign that tells you that it is Umami burger. We assumed that it was Umami burger because of the burger bun picture on the door even though it says "Fred Segal" at the door. I even had to ask one of the people working there to make sure we were at the right place. I was really hungry and I could not wait to finally dine at this place. I ordered the the Umami Burger ($11), medium rare. My friends and I shared the truffle fries ($6) and regular fries ($3.50). Omg! The burger was super juicy and it was seasoned really well. I also thought it was really fancy and cool how the cheese is crispy. The sauce that they use for the burger kind of taste like marinara sauce but it went really well with the burger. The truffle fries was amazing. I really love the truffle taste and aroma and Umami definitely does not skimp out on the truffles! I also asked for the Diablo sauce and Jalopeno ranch sauce to dip the fries in. These sauces are really good! I was the spiciness I wanted!This is probably the burger place I will go to from now on!
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,7/15/2012,381,296,12,13,11>uh mah gahhhhhh! AFG yew iz suh guud I fowgit enrish rangwage.Affordable- checksomewhat healthy- checklow key- checkdesserts- checkTaste buds go swoon- checkBeing the fattie that I am, I ordered lots of food- the Togarashi crusted rare tuna, pan seared salmon, peach cobbler, ginger creme brulee, and mango juice. The rare tuna was superb, mixing savory with a little sour from the pickled onions and cucumbers. Seared salmon did not lack any flavor whatsoever, and the garlic bread and potato gratin were so good I was tempted to order another side of it. Nothing was overly salty or greasy, which is a plus because as I get older heavy foods do a number on my digestion. The peach cobbler was warm and comforting, served with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. The topping on the cobbler, I think, was grape nuts. Surprisingly, it worked very well with the dessert, plus I got a small serving of my daily fiber. Score! The ginger creme brulee was delicious, I worked that thing until the tin pan was bare. The top was perfectly scorched and the ginger flavor stood out. Yum in my tum. Mango juice actually tasted like mangoes! Wuuut? Sorry for the lack of photos of my food, I scarfed down my meals before the thought of takings pictures even occurred to me.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,7/14/2012,1821,475,17,21,26>There's a new sheriff in town and he walks tall and carries a big stick.  I'll keep it simple for you, if you like fatty pork ramen and delicious hand made noodles then there is no better place than Tsujita! Keep in mind that they only serve the good stuff during lunch so plan accordingly.  I'd recommend the Cha Siu Tsukemen ramen (dipping ramen) if you're looking for something different, and the Char Siu Tonkotsu Ramen if your more of a traditionalist and are looking for a premium pork ramen experience. Both dishes are great, and are without a doubt the richest, most delicious pork broths I have every had. Tsujita also kills it with the complimentary fix'ns!  They offer a huge variety of toppings including spicy mustard greens, a sesame seed grinder, pickled ginger, and some pork oil for a little extra umph (as if their broth didn't already provide enough).  Shit is legit, you love a good soft boiled egg in your ramen, they've perfected that as well so don't pass this up.And if you're a big boy with a big appetite (aka me) you can get a refill on your bowl of ramen for only a buck and a half, and we're not talking just noodles here people.  They literally top you off with a fresh batch of noodles and bowl of of their amazing broth, regardless if you've eaten every last drop and have an empty bowl. This is all kinds of awesome and pretty fucking amazing if you ask me so take advantage of it fatty!And if you're really hungry you can also turn your order into a combo and add a small rice bowl topped with either tuna, spicy tuna, pork, or salmon for $3.99.  That's what i did and I was definitely happy with my decision.  In fact I even use some of the rice and ate it with the pork that came with my ramen. APPROVED!!!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,7/13/2012,470,437,9,10,12>i have a method with yelp and its colorful variety of reviews. one has to take into  consideration the cold, hard fact that it's open to the general public. which means any tom, dick or harry (mostly dicks) can get a wild hair up their ass and start trash talking a joint. as I scroll down the negative reviews for the britannia, precious bits come about "asshole bouncer with the neck tattoo". (belligerent bouncer ? Awesome). "this place is just seedy" (alright LV bag, step away from the culture). "the food was below par..." (well hell, if you wanted a 5 star restaurant there are plenty around...). "don't waste your time" ( oh baby, I'm all ABOUT wasting time!).  But maybe I'm a bit off, and that's why this is the first joint in Los Angeles I've ever felt "right" at. And the feeling of "home" is so fleeting, especially in the town of lost angels. it's strange and brilliant how many times i've passed this place. sight unseen, trying to dodge the bustle of third street. one night after yoga, still recovering from the beatdown that was 2011, my friend I decided to light one up. because smoke is proven to be best for you after a 90 minute yoga session. really cleans your chakras. amidst the santa monican glares and overt coughs, we stumbled upon britannia. why the hell not ?so we hauled our yoga mats and tights over and are warmly greeted by the bouncer. (mmm don't remember any neck tats)."how was yoga?"" fantastic- time for a drank" my eyes tried adjust to the darkness inside and right away we get a bright "welcome!!, what can I get you?"That, my friends is Rich. Rich is awesome. the bar reminded me of some scene out of Barfly - and I swear to God the guy in the corner looked like a skinny version of Bukowski.  The pours are heavy and I decide to stick to some Jesus juice while my friends orders a nice pint of heaven. Stories are flying all over the place about boxers, fake accents, and how life could have been-- or will be. Beautiful family portraits are shared about, and introductions made between genuine grins and Doritos. The guy to the left - Wovoka, a lumbering figure hipped us to the fact that he was usually the bouncer. (maybe he's the one with the neck tattoo?)  there was no attitude, there was no pretense, just a seemingly sparse group of regulars that call Britania a second home from time to time. I left promising I would come back again on a Tuesday. To get more stories from Rich, and maybe talk to that bukowski character in the corner. And maybe it's odd that I found this little bit of respite on a random Tuesday night at a random english pub, among all the noisy bars on third street. But it further affirms my belief that what makes a city beautiful is the people. They're the ones that'll pull you back again and again. And thanks to Britannia, there's still a bit of hope left--in this city of ours.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/12/2012,5000,856,9,17,13>I have been on search for a new screen protector for a couple of months. I have seen this store here for a couple of months and figured it was time to walk in and see what they were all about. I walked in to find the store packed with customers. The front area of the store is wide open with Iphone cases on both walls, chairs for customers to sit on, a flat screen television playing movies which is located just adjacent to the cash register. An employee came out from the back and asked if he could help me. I told him I was looking for a new screen protector for my Iphone. The very helpful employee told me the charge for a new screen protector plus installation was $5.00. (SIDE NOTE: I had gone to a little kiosk in the Manhattan Beach Mall just outside of the Apple Store to find an employee who wouldn't get off of the phone while trying to help me attempt to charge me almost 3 times the amount for the same product; obviously I refused to give them my business).  I told the very helpful employee that I wanted to get it. The employee told me he was already working on 4 other phones and it was a little wait. I figured the 4 phones he was referring to were the phones belonging to the customers sitting and waiting seated behind me. I told the employee I had an appointment in the same building and would come back later. My appointment finished a lot earlier than expected (30 minutes to be exact) and I figured I would walk back in and see if they could help me. I figured my chances were slim that they would have helped all 4 customers and able to help me in that short period of time but that is exactly what happened. I walked in and the customers were long & gone and the very helpful employee took my phone in the back and replaced the screen protector within minutes. The total fee including tax was $5.45.I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER WITH THESE GUYS. After my service was completed I asked the employee about the protective Iphone boxes they had on the wall called Otterbox. I had never heard of them before. The employee went into great detail describing the product. This morning when I arrived at work I already began telling coworkers about this place and the great service I received. If I need anything my Iphone I will come back here. This place also unlocks Iphones and all that Jazz so if you are looking to get it done, COME HERE. Parking here is limited but there is also underground parking that always has spaces.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,7/11/2012,386,490,8,10,9>WOW...THAT WAS FUN!!! As soon as I saw Betty and Limzer I knew I was in for a great night. The margarita pitchers were delicious and half our table wasn't drinking so that definitely attributed to my tipsy state of mind...because drinks should never go to waste, specially with such fresh ingredients. STEVE is AWESOME!!!! He really showed his passion for the new bartenders and cocktails. The mojito was refreshing and tasted freshly made with the perfect blend of rum, lime, and mint. The shots of Don Julio really spun the night into a fun fest. I'm excited to return for happy hour :)The NEW chefs really outdid themselves! This was definitely a come hungry event because Pink Taco went over and above on the amount of food they dished out...but I'm not complaining, it was all very delicious. Loved the chips, salsa, and guacamole as a starter, paired well with the pitchers and great conversation.Appetizers- The Sea Food Platter was great. Huge shrimp, succulent king crab legs, shrimp ceviche was tasty, i really loved the mahi mahi ceviche, and the oysters. The Sweet Corn Tamales were warm and melted in my mouth. Really enjoyed the combo flavor of the queso fresco, grilled corn, and crema.Entrees- Tostada Salad...OMG this was my favorite!! So many fresh ingredients and they all blended perfectly together. The Baja Fish Taco was great, I loved the fried tilapia with serrano-cilantro sauce. The Pink Taco was flavorful and juicy...I'm a fan. The Carne Asada was marinated with cilantro and jalapeno and it was very juicy, I loved it. The Grilled Salmon was another favorite but by this time I was very full so I took a few bites and it was perfectly cooked, not dry. it was topped with Hornitos sauce and that added an extra touch that worked nicely. Dessert- Mexican Churros, they were quite fancy with a cajeta and chocolate sauce drizzled on top. Tasted great, I would have added a small scoop of vanilla bean to make it perfect.The night was a bit more intimate than most events and it was perfect. I had a great time. Thank you Brittany for organizing and Nicole for being so friendly :) Special thanks to Pink Taco for hosting and making this event wonderful with an abundance of food, drinks, cool and attentive staff (shout out to J.T. and Steve), and amazing atmosphere!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,7/10/2012,980,260,7,15,12>I've visited Turquoise twice now. Once for lunch, and once for dinner. The first and foremost thing that ALWAYS stands out to me is their superb "customer" service. Except, you're never a customer at Turquoise, you're a guest, and will be treated as such. That's such a lovely contrast from the increasing trend of bitter servers I usually encounter. So thank you, at the very least, for that!The layout and ambiance of the restaurant flows, especially during dinner. I love the energy in the room when I'm there - it can be felt. It's so vivid and refreshing. The food is wonderful. Fresh, organic, light, and delicious. For someone trying to cut out all that nasty processed stuff, this would be a perfect place to eat out. Highly, highly, highly recommend!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,7/9/2012,306,419,12,14,13>Tanner's could very well be renamed to "The Ed Little Waiting Area." There's always a java-suck or two that's waiting for their car to be serviced at the neighboring car shop.The coffee has never been extraordinary, but always good enough to warrant a steady line of regulars that line up for their morning fix. Partner that up with the usual availability of seating and power outlets and you have yourself a merry little work spot. The only unsettling part of it all is that I typically find my laptop brethren to be nicer than the busy espresso slingers.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,7/8/2012,542,312,15,14,14>Watch the throne, the donut king is regally delicious.That donut cray. We went here on a Saturday evening just before 6pm and it was still super good. The total was $2.50 for four donuts.Two chocolate glazed, one buttermilk, and one plain glazed. All delicious. They weren't the freshest but still tasted great. Then we put them in the oven and they were transcendent handheld delights. You probably think I'm going overboard and maybe I attribute it to the sugar rush you get eating these things. But you have a buttermilk and tell me it doesn't make heads roll like Louis XVI.Tip: they close at 6pm on Saturday.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/7/2012,1137,317,11,17,15>Over the years, restaurants come and go in downtown Culver City. This is one of the few that I hope stays for good.The bf and I came here on a busy Friday night and was very delighted by the dining experience. The City Tavern is the perfect place for date nights! Everything is amazing: the ambiance, the service, the food! OMG especially the food! Their CT Burger could give the Father's Office burger a run for their money. Their Pork Belly is to die for! The dish was beautifully plated and the texture was perfect! YAY to the City Tavern! Love, love, love it!I can't wait to revisit!
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2012,7/6/2012,4014,2434,26,35,31>***The ice cream sandwiches at The Coolhaus Shop are expensive, but they are tasty and feature very creamy and smooth ice cream (as well as interesting flavors)***I tried the Coolhaus Truck a long time ago and I thought it was decent but not great.  I liked the ice cream, but I was not a big fan of the cookie they used.  The Coolhaus Shop is not mobile; it is a brick and mortar business that is located in Culver City a few blocks from Father's Office.The shop is pretty small.  There is some seating (mostly benches).  Both the cookies and the ice cream are on display.  The ice cream flavors sounded the best.  They had interesting flavors like balsamic fig and mascarpone as well as pistachio truffle (I thought this flavor was pretty good).Most of the cookies though were run-of-the-mill (chocolate chip, oatmeal, snickerdoodle, peanut butter).  Some of them also did not look that good--like the chocolate chip cookie, which looked very under-baked (not much color).  Girl Scout Cookies were also available.I decided on an ice cream sandwich with coconut almond cookies and sea salt caramel ice cream.  I really liked the consistency of the sea salt caramel ice cream.  The ice cream was very dense and creamy--incredibly smooth with not a trace of iciness.  I also liked how while it was dense, it was also soft enough to make it very easy to eat as an ice cream sandwich.The flavor was not as good as the consistency though.  The ice cream had a very light caramel flavor and there was not much saltiness to it.  The ice cream tasted fine, but it just did not have as distinct of a flavor as you can find elsewhere.I liked the coconut almond cookies.  The coconut flavor was there and the cookies were nutty and crispy.  The cookies had a light and sweet flavor.The ice cream sandwich was a generous portion, but it was pricey at $5.Service was pleasant, polite and quick.There are actually several places in this area offering ice cream sandwiches.  A-Frame features one for dessert (just okay) and I believe Father's Office does as well.  Platine features a very good ice cream sandwich during the summer (they use Milk ice cream though and the consistency of Coolhaus' ice cream is better).  Coolhaus' version is a welcomed addition to the area and it is worth trying--especially after having a burger (from nearby Father's Office) or a hot dog / brat (from nearby Let's Be Frank) for lunch.Parking is available on the street.  I believe some spots are metered while others are not.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/5/2012,630,220,8,15,10>Like:- All books for $1 (don't bother store attendants for confirmation, they're all $1)- Community events for local poets, singers, and crafts(wo)men- Business model built on building communities (love the idea!)Dislike:None.Note:Ever since I became a Yelp Elite, I felt a duty to share with the community the 'gems' in our bustling city. Piccolo's Books is one of them. An unique business idea to get people of all ages excited about books and music. Not a flashy place, which only means they are highly undervalued. Go to Barnes and Noble or Borders or Expensive Paper, Inc. if you want to read crap like this: amazon.com/Trailblazer-I…. If you're looking for an adventure in treasure hunting, Piccolo is your destination. GREAT for first dates if your date appreciates intellect and the written word. PERFECT for afternoon strolls with your significant other or with kids.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,7/4/2012,1712,1003,53,53,53>(3.5 stars)TWENTY INCH SAUSAGE!!!For shits and giggles, i had to order this on the menu: yelp.com/biz_photos/olCx…It was hard to get a flattering photo of it. yelp.com/biz_photos/olCx…I thought it would come darker- as in cooked longer and crispier. It tasted ok- i liked the fresh mustard it came with. It wasn't too spicy.I have passed by this place and never noticed it before. And not many people do i think cuz it was pretty empty. And for it being slow, we had pretty inadequate service. We got a server i think that just started working there. I felt bad cuz we were a group of 8 and he definitely was unprepared about knowing the menu and had to keep going back and forth for help. Everything took a long time and they forgot one of our dishes. Good thing they did not charge us for it in the end, but i can see things falling apart here if things were busier.. slow service was mentioned alot in the reviews i read. The food though i think most of us were happy with what we got. A few of us got the yelp approved soft shell crab rolls. One order is about $4 and they put multiple orders on one plate- 2 order minimum. This is more like a tortilla wrap with soft shell crab- it's not a sushi roll. Interesting, but i would prob not order this again.  yelp.com/biz_photos/olCx…Dude and i shared a pasta and fish combo plate. It was $18.00 and came with alot of food. Starter bread was goood.Salad, soup, egg and a side of marinara penne pasta, toast with potato salad on top.  loved the salad dressing.yelp.com/biz_photos/olCx…We had some fried white fish with some pesto sauce which we liked and the pasta was a bacon and spinach marinara pasta-which i liked, but dude felt was lacking. yelp.com/biz_photos/olCx…Luckily there is a GARLIC SHAKER! if u want to add some more flavor, which was good. yelp.com/biz_photos/olCx…My combo also came with some dessert which i dont' know what it was- it was spongy and light, looked like chocolate tofu - tasted A Ok! I tasted some of the black squid ink pasta and it tasted pretty good. Not exactly sure what the squid ink adds to the flavor other than blackening your mouth- the pasta tasted pretty garlicky. They also have pizzas here.Make sure you have plenty of time if ur gonna eat here and make sure u don't go into the backroom where only EMPROYEES can go. (i love Engrish!)
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,7/3/2012,1939,571,12,19,16>I am a new fan of "Persian Pizza"!  After reading the LA Times review today and having nothing better to do with my lunch hour, I headed over to try this funky concept.  The cafe is small and you almost miss it as you drive by on Westwood.  Parking is a nightmare, so I will definitely be walking next time.  Inside, the place is bright and airy, with small tables and counter seating along the wall.  I ordered my pizza and grabbed a seat.  Be prepared: the pizza is obviously made with fresh ingredients, then browned in the oven so it is not a fast process.  I barely had enough change for my meter, but the wait was worth it.  For $5, you get a thick, personal size pizza, topped with lots of fresh tomatoes, diced meat, loads of green bell peppers, and sliced mushrooms, all covered by a beautiful, golden brown blanket of mozzarella cheese.  Then comes the kicker- you are supposed to put RANCH DRESSING and KETCHUP on it.  But it works!  The result is absolutely, unexpectedly delicious!  I compare it to how Japanese people like topping random things with mayo.  Anyway, it was love at first bite.  I adored the thick, chewy flatbread they use for the crust.  Fans of thin crust pizzas, this probably won't work for you.  But if you like doughy bread as I do, you should definitely give this a try.  I believe the man at the front was the owner and while he wasn't the most chatty, he was pleasant and insisted on bringing everything to all the customers.  The shakes and smoothies looked wonderful, and someone also ordered another Tehran snack favorite: potato chips topped with mozzarella, then lightly browned (looked fantastic!).  I have already raved to my coworkers about this local spot and I know we will be heading back for lunch again soon.  I also plan to try that Olvieh sandwich the review mentioned...
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,7/2/2012,601,374,11,17,12>I bought a Groupon so the price for two people was only $99 instead of $200. I would've been sorely disappointed if I'd paid full price, but $99 was do-able.The boy and I arrived early and were greeted kind of coldly by an Asian waitress who later warmed up and ended up being sweet after all. We were given menus and directed on how to choose from the prix fixe options by a friendly Aussie girl. I decided to order the tomato and mozzarella salad starter, the ahi tuna entree, and the mango panna cotta dessert. The boy ordered the same starter, filet mignon entree, and chocolate lava cake for dessert.We were led to our table by our blind server, Michael. We put our a hand on the shoulder of the person in front of us and walked into COMPLETE DARKNESS. I couldn't tell the difference between closing and opening my eyes, there wasn't a glimmer of light ANYWHERE and it was pretty freaky and disorienting at first. I kinda got dizzy and ended up closing my eyes through most of the meal since it was the same as opening them anyway.Michael helped orient us once we were seated by taking our hands and showing us where the bread basket, drink glass, plate and utensils are. We started with an amuse bouche in a soup spoon which the boy identified as a cherry tomato with some sort of cheese in it.The salad was very tasty and I ended up just eating everything with my hands instead of stabbing away aimlessly with my fork. It was fun and I don't think I dropped anything on myself. At the end, I picked up the plate and licked it clean just because I could - First time I've done that in any restaurant, hah! It was very satisfying.Next course: I liked my ahi steak better than the boy's filet mignon (which was NOT high quality meat by any means - definitely not filet mignon!). The ahi was prepared nicely with a yummy sauce. Slightly above average food, definitely not worth $100 per plate, but then again you're paying for the experience as a whole.Dessert was the most disappointing course of the whole meal. Neither dessert we ordered was very good. Boo.Our server Michael was awesome! We had the chance to chat with him a bit and he explained that he went blind from glaucoma in his mid-20's. He said that since then, he's done & accomplished more than he ever did with sight. "I went from sitting down doing nothing to getting my broker's license, riding in a hot air balloon & vowing to meet 10 new people every day! Going blind was a blessing, now I really appreciate life." Now THAT'S a positive attitude!I'd give the experience of eating in complete darkness 4 stars, the actual food 3 stars, and the service 5 stars. Definitely worth doing at least once, have fun!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,7/1/2012,2568,1290,21,27,20>A bike ride that's rewarded with an indulgent breakfast is the best kind of ride. After a quick trip down the coast, we were lucky enough to snag some of the last seats at the communal table early in the morning. The four of us ordered a small spread of items off the brunch menu and it was all good to great. Of course I had to start off with a cocktail named after a movie, band, and large group of people;yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…Then was on to the most hyped item on the menu, the bacon cheddar biscuits. One order gains you two of these "better-than-anything-pillsbury" delights and are served with the most delightful maple butter. I could have eaten them all myself but was forced into sharing.yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…Next up was a pair of apple pies that our serve described as, "Like the ones from McDonalds, but waaaay better." She was dead on in her description. The apple pies were warm and scrumptious and didn't suffer from an added layer of sweetness provided by the caramel sauce. yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…Continuing the journey to cavity-town, we made a stop at, "Holy hell that's some effing hot caramel on that sticky bun thing!" Not the best dish of the lot but it was still darn good. Be warned that when they say it's a hot pan, it's a hot pan!yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…Looking back, we had a lot of sugar! The stuffed French toast was no exception to the diabetic inducing meal. Stuffed with quince and a very mild ricotta, this was my least favorite dish of the day. It was still a good dish, it just wasn't as good as some of the other treats. yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…On to the savory! Bacon, bacon bacon bacon. This was a double edged sword. Yes it was good, maybe a little too sweet, but damn good. I think it was $8 for four thick cut strips. High price to pay for some bacon. yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…The best dish of the morning was surprisingly the poached egg, served atop a bed polenta and a side of asparagus. The egg was cooked perfect, the yolk was a deep orange, the polenta was rich and creamy, and the asparagus was cooked just right. I wish I didn't have to share that one. yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…Last up was the truffle-honey fried chicken. Merp. Good but not the best fried chicken of my life. It was crispy, juicy, and truffly. For the price, a bucket of the kernel's original recipe would have done me better. yelp.com/biz_photos/HX4Y…Overall, a very solid breakfast with a high number standout dishes. We'll definitely be going back for the dinner menu.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,6/30/2012,450,278,6,10,10>A wonderful event on all accounts!As I sit here and type, my belly is bursting and my every craving is completely satiated thanks to Burger Lounge, No Tomatoes, Komodo, Bella's, Nothing Bundt Cakes, Beachy Cream, and The Crumb Fairies! Also, kudos to Flip Flop Wines & Angel City Brewery for the alcohol.The venue, Theatricum Botanicum, was gorgeous, as was the weather.  What a perfect night! The skits were good too, albeit a little mish-moshed and silly.  I'd love to come back and see a full-length show.  Places I'll definitely visit again:  Burger Lounge (KILLER onion rings and meat), Komodo (the steak taco was awesome), No Tomatoes (Spinach Chuna and Chicken Tikka Masala were both excellent), and Rosa's meatballs were heavenly.  The Crumb Fairy ladies were super fabulous, as were their funnel cakes and milkshakes.  Can't wait for Angel City to open up so I can try more of their fabulous brews too.Thanks to Flash Life for an excellent photobooth setup as always! Also, the gentlemen of Picture Healing were sure to capture the event beautifully.And finally, thanks to Brittany B. for hosting an event so close to my home.. (I finally got my chance to be "First to Review!") ;-)  Can't wait for the next one......  Here's to the Summer of 2012!!!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,6/29/2012,1125,189,9,17,12>Happy Mother's Day!!!What a cute place to bring my mum and family for mother's day. I feel like the pictures don't really do this place justice. It's so cute on the inside with peachy pink walls and blue tolie china. Their menu is actually quite large so you can pick exactly the kind of lunch / brunch you want :). They have scrambles, pasties, quiches, finger sandwiches, etc. I studied abroad in England during college and this totally brought me back... and reminded me why I got so chubby during that summer LOL... scones and pasties ad clotted cream, oh my!For my party of four, we each had a meat pie and split the Tudor Afternoon Tea. This was actually way too much food. First of all, I think it was great that we got entrees instead of the tea "towers". I just am not into eating so many pastry things. Also, for $18.95, it was a bit steep. Their entrees are tastier AND a better deal! However, it IS cuter to get the tea sets and I did like the variety you get with it. So, I guess it just depends on what you're going for.  I think it would have been better if we just stuck to the entrees and then ordered 1-2 scones and a pot of tea on top of that. The scones were the best thing in our tea set and I could have done without the other stuff. Also, we had the PG Tips tea because the waitress said that was the most popular. I actually didn't like it at all. Wayyy too mild in flavor. I'd definitely go with something else next time!Anyway, we had...Lamb Vindaloo Pie ($9.50) - tender lamb in a tangy curry sauce with tomatoes and onions in a flaky pastry. It's served with salad with a honey mustard dressing. This was my favorite pastie! Chicken Currie Pie ($9.50) - tender chicken in a light curry sauce also served in a flaky pastry w/ salad.Spinach Artichoke Pie ($9.50) - too cheesy for my taste to be honest!Chicken and Mushroom Pie ($9.50) - pretty good, but not as good as the curry pies in my opinion.We also split a Tudor House Afternoon Tea ($18.95) which came with more salad, two triangles of a minced smoked salmon sandwich (not the sliced stuff!), an absolutely scrumptious golden raisin scone (served w/ clotted cream and raspberry jam), quiche of the day, and your choice of small pastry. It also came with a pot of tea.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,6/28/2012,663,561,17,21,20>Service here is always, always, always great. It can be slow sometimes, but the staff is highly customer oriented. I revisited and tried the chili shrimp and spinach spaghetti. The flavor is robust with medium spicy kick. Fresh shrimp and perfectly cooked spaghetti. We also tried the new dish which was seafood & calamari kuro curry with squid Ink. What a great dish especially a treat for seafood lovers! The sauce combined with tender calamari, scallops, shrimp, and fish fillet and created a very unique dish.  Coffee jelly for dessert. Great choice! Custard pudding was weirdly unpalatable. So I won't be ordering that next time.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,6/27/2012,392,810,12,12,12>Did I know this place was on Guy's show on the food network? No. I love the food network. I don't love Guy. Did that negatively slant my view of Fab's, absolutely not. This place was very good.I felt super cool because I came here with Bill C. Since he's such a regular the staff knew him by name and everything. Oh yeah, I'm here with Bill! whaat!? :DTrying to keep my calories at a semi reasonable level I decided to pass on the ripper (deep fried) and on anything wrapped in bacon. But I still didn't want to go for something too basic as they are clearly well known for their specialty dogs. This is how I settled on the Carolina Slaw dog. Grilled hot dog topped with onions, chili and slaw. Our dogs were up within 5 minutes and we were lucky enough to score a table in the back (the place was about 70% full). My first thought was that the bun was extremely soft. Really, really soft. I didn't even know hot dog buns came this soft. ever. My second thought was that the dog was super snappy. I mean I could literally, seriously, hear the dog pop with every bite. It was very juicy on the inside. Hot and delicious wiener! Yum.My third thought was that the slaw was very bland. In fact, except for the cool factor it wasn't adding much to the flavor of my dog. So I scraped that off. Then it was just a chili onion dog. Very good. I will admit that I left about half of my bun on the plate and just ate the dog with a fork. I have to watch this hot figure, ya' know!? But it was still very yummy. Even though I didn't partake of the tots I think it's super cool that they offer them. A fun break from fries or rings.I can totally see why this place is popular. I generally prefer burgers to hot dogs but this place could be a game changer. Very scrumptious indeed.I know I will never be on the "I Ate It All" wall with the other 10 or so faces. But I know Bill will. And I'll be so cool to know him! :D
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,6/26/2012,235,206,13,18,14>I double dare you to come here! Remember the obstacle courses on Double Dare & Nickelodeon when you where a kid? With all the the jumpers that made you imagine all the flips & tricks you would of done before diving into the foam? Well Skyzone made a place for us to make those stunts come to life! We NEED MoRe places like this one! This place is awesome! Super crazy! You do not need to be in shape, TRUST! It's a cool spot to come & just literally let loose. No one makes you do anything you don't let your friends peer pressure you into doing, but this place is totally awesome for kids & adults. This place has a retro feel to it with the bouncing DODGE BALL COURT so rock your neon colors! They have jumping basketball courts, a foam pile you can totally dive into, & a section for open range bounce-o-holics & it totally becomes addicting! I'm sure there is much more I was just not dressed for the occassion so I kept it mild to prevent from showing my ass. So bring totally comfortable clothing, don't worry about the shoes cause you will be given shoes to wear while jumping. They sell drinks & pizza with elctrolytes yes, alcohol no. Suggestions: 1. Looking into this place via the web to sign your waiver before hand. You can also pre-purchase tickets online.2. Bring your out of town relatives. 3. SKYZONE make this place bigger!!! Create more craziness for the crazies!
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,6/25/2012,1437,1829,15,18,16>Nong La Cafe is a new Vietnamese spot that opened up on Sawtelle.  It's located next to the older SushiStop and Tsujita LA .  I came here this weekend with Mikey L and Mark K.Mikey and I ordered the Bun with eggroll, while Mark ordered the Bun soup which came with beef.  Our order came out pretty fast! And I enjoyed the bun with pork and eggroll.  The ingredients in the dish tasted super fresh, and great.  The noodles seemed kind of thick, but I'm thinking it's because i'm used to thinner noodles.Mikey was complaining the whole time about receiving only one eggroll instead of two. Big baby.  It didn't really matter to me but I do remember usually getting two at other Vietnamese restaurants.  Compared to the ramen place that opened up nearby, Tatsu Ramen, Nong La is way WAY better.I wouldn't want to go back to Tatsu Ramen, BUT I will definitely come back to Nong La Cafe several times.Also, service here was great! Lee helped us out and came by our table making sure we liked everything, and explained all the dishes to us.This is a great new Vietnamese restaurant in a mostly Japanese area.  I like it!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,6/24/2012,719,388,13,16,16>**$4.85 for a COMBO with a cheeseburger, fries, and a can of soda, people!.... And it's damn good, too.**It's kind of hard not to like a place that not only does BOTH BBQ and grill-work, but does it well. Wait, Trav, isn't BBQ and grill-work the same? No. Difference? Time. BBQ is a slow, methodical, time-consuming process - Grilling is what we do to burgers in the backyard on the 4th of July. THE SCENE. This restaurant, located just east of Fairfax, on the south side of West Adams will lure you in with its intoxicating fragrance. JNJ is actually located next to a firewood supply establishment - a match made in heaven. I honestly don't know if they use the wood from next door, but it wouldn't be a bad idea.The restaurant is split into TWO SIDES: the east side, which is host to the grill and griddle, and the west side, which is the BBQ side. THE FOOD...- Burgers here are not only freshly made to order, they are shockingly affordable, and monstrous.- The 4-Finger Burger has a choice of two (2) beef or turkey patties. It is assembled with 2 hot dogs, 2 slices of cheese, 3 slices of serious bacon, and an egg. It's $7, which is cheaper than a single-patty Fatburger with cheese and bacon. The prices here are undeniably awesome.- The FRIES, when I got 'em were really good. "Apple Pan on a good day" good. Super hot, crisp on the outside, but soft and fluffy in the middle. Lookin' forward to trying some chili-cheese fries over there.- The BBQ side has some no-screwin'-about 'que. You can taste the time and love that goes into their BBQ, and it isn't as insanely priced as so many other BBQ joints in LA.PARKING. It's on West Adams' south side, which is typically easy to find non-metered street parking on. So, no parking lot, but ample, free, street parking. PRICES & SERVICE. Great prices and I've received good service, so no complaints in those departments. A truly healthy portion of food at very reasonable prices. Win-win. WEBSITE. jnj-bbq.comIf you're not familiar with the area, don't worry.... It's literally one turn outside of Culver City. This little place is reason enough to visit this neighborhood. Enjoy.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,6/23/2012,681,702,14,18,17>Love love love this place!With all the fabulous choices, I had to choose since I can't have them all, so I picked the two that sounded most tempting to me: GUAVA juice and PASSION FRUIT juice. yelp.com/biz_photos/86kj… I could have ordered them as a mixture, but I really wanted to taste them on their own, so I got two juices and was so glad that I did. I felt like I was back in my youth, on an island, picking fresh fruit on the side of the road. They were both blended and served over ice, which made for a very refreshing indulgence on a warm day. We also a tried a few of the food items, the acai bowl and a hearts of palm grilled sandwich, which were both flavorful and filling: yelp.com/biz_photos/86kj…. I love that they offer a vegetarian option of substituting hearts of palm instead of meat in many of their sandwiches and crepes!The service was friendly and even cooler was the employees' Rottweiler hanging out in the back, super sweet and cute and willing to pose for pictures. Dogs make everything even better! yelp.com/biz_photos/86kj… The restaurant is decorated with posters of fruits, with their names and translations, benefits and flavor. You can learn while you eat/drink! yelp.com/biz_photos/86kj… They also have Brazilian publications, so I read up on Brazil's political and cultural environment as I waited for my order. Educational and healthy!I will be back for sure and I hope the dogs is there again, she was so cute!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2012,6/22/2012,10,125,1,33,33>I had never had Indonesian food before my friend brought me here. It was a delightful surprise - kinda like a mixture between Thai and Chinese food. I always get the Nasi Goreng Jawa with tofu because it's a tried and true dish (when they make it right). The service is usually hit or miss, but what can you expect from an Asian restaurant? Recently, they've also had boba specials for $1.47, which of course is a great deal! (And yes, it does taste good.) I also really like their green tea sponge cakes that they have for $1.00.Seriously, a great place to eat. I only wish I had known about this when I was still in college.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,6/20/2012,799,1148,9,13,13>sawtelle sure is getting their share of new restaurants!!  Plan Check is a gastropub with food from a former Umami guy.  (Umami opened a pizza place too just a couple weeks ago).  Smoked chicken sandwiches, Blueprint burger, etc...wash it down with a drink or two.  the vibe inside is similar to father's office with the exception of the very long communal tables.  too bad i don't live five minutes from sawtelle anymore.  but i will be around every now and then..
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,6/19/2012,561,853,6,9,6>A few weeks ago, my darling hubby put the car in reverse as he was trying to get out of a parking space.  The thing is, he meant to go FORWARD, so back he went in reverse.........into another parked car.  The other car withstood minimal damage, but my car?  Not so lucky.  The rear bumper looked pretty bad.  Enter: car insurance claims.  They pointed us in the direction of this 101 Collision.This place was totally on top of their game.  They told us exactly what we needed to do, what they were going to do.  They even referred us for a car rental for the time my car was going to be in the shop.  We brought my car in last week.  It was ready today, and OMG, it looks FANTASTIC........ not only the bumper that needed replacing, but quite honestly, it looks like they repainted and rebuffed the entire car.  It really looks awesome.  Maybe that's normal (I've never done this before), but even if it is, the car still looks awesome, and we both really appreciate their top notch quality work.Normally, I'd say I'd come here again, but honestly, I hope I don't....if you catch my drift.  However, if it becomes necessary again, okay, I would in a heartbeat.  Just keep THIS place in mind if ever you need this service for your car !!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,6/18/2012,400,155,7,13,14>A great find, thanks to you yelpers !  "Small" bowls of both the Beef and Chicken Pho were generous enough to provide some to take home.  Special Lunch combo is a great deal at $6.95  includes: 1. your choice of Pho, 2 Spring Rolls with peanut sauce ( or Egg Rolls/ lettuce wrap with light citrus vinaigrette for 50 cents more ) 2. a standard beverage ( like sodas or iced tea )   We found out that the Vietnamese Sweet Coffee & the various Shakes w/ Boba were at their regular prices, but still a bargain and great tasting.3. Tapioca, Taro, Jello dessert ( small but good. )  I tried an Avocado Shake for the first time ever - thought it was cool, refreshing, only lightly sweetened, and definitely unique.   The Mango Shake ( dairy free if they leave off the whipped cream topping  was delicious, and finished with a sort of mosaic made of jello at the bottom.Will have to come back and try their BBQ Pork that sounds so good in all your reviews !  Service was friendly, helpful, and out to please !__________________________________________________­_________Recession Fighting Tips:    This whole place is a recession fighting tip !  Low prices on everything, lunch combo deals, plus Entertainment Book coupons: two for one on entrees ( but not for the already discounted lunch combos. )  Free parking in their own lot. Easy to find location at PCH & Pacific Ave.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,6/17/2012,157,340,7,11,10>I don't really want to write this update. I don't want to tell you that Pintxo now opens for  lunch. I don't want you to know that they have a 3 course prix fixe for 15.00. I want to keep this little secret to myself!What a deal! If the food was so so, it would be already a deal, but the food is great. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is relaxed. The prix fixe changes weekly and they have several options for you to choose from. Last week, I had the asparagus wrapped in serrano ham, the rabbit rolls with potatoes and the rhubarb crumble. This week, I went a couple times, the first, I had the salt cod coquettes, the steak with fries and the chocolate pate. Then, I went again and had the salt cod, the charred frisee with calamari salad, and the crumble... I noticed they had "head cheese" on the menu so on my way out, I asked what exactly head cheese was, and after explaining what it was exactly, they offered me a little taste. It was actually really good.I can't wait to see what next week's menu will be..
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,6/16/2012,431,476,9,7,8>chachacha chia!was the first thing I thought of with the name. So many friends check into this place that I knew I'd heard the name before.Get up stand up...a lot of bob marley playing here.. I guess it's Jamaican-"influenced" style food. Pretty tasty, IMHO. i don't think that a quarter cha cha chicken was enough, i was afraid of over eating, but I was still hungry after that... Kinda pricey for what you get, but I guess they're paying 1) for the clientele, all well paid white collar from the businesses and tourists and 2) location, rent must be expensive.Me gusta la moto, me gustas tu.Me gusta correr, me gustas tu.They played a lot of manu chao.. I imagine that working there must be hell after a few months of the same songs playing over and over. sounded like they had the same album playing the whole time my date and I were sitting there. haha Well, a lot of Manu Chao sounds the same.. BYOB!!  nuff said.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,6/15/2012,330,334,13,13,14>I'm going with a 3.5. My math teachers make round up... plus Fundamental LA is on the cusp of being really good!  This gourmet sandwich shop is located right next door to Papa John's and it's about the size of my pinky, so don't feel bad if you walk right past it... I did.  Service is friendly and the theme is minimalist/ industrial-cool.  I got the roast chicken sandwich ($9) w/ potato bread, pickled veg, heirloom tomato, tallegio cheese, garlic aioli. Awesome!!! The warm potato salad with egg ($4) was decent, but something was missing...seasoning maybe? Without that amazing bacon, it would've been doomed for sure. Finally the churros w/ butterscotch ($4) was a yummy and super sweet way to end the meal, but let's be honest... it looks like a you-know-what (cough*penis*cough*).  The fact that they're kinda limp with a gooey center doesn't make em more appetizing either... wish they were more crisp (and a little less phallic).The seasonal menu changes regulary and will have you slobbering over yourself. And even though the metered street parking is not fun, I will be back!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,6/14/2012,255,244,12,29,18>Hostaria Piave is off the So Cal map, entirely.  It's everything I want in my eateries here, and never get.  And finally I have found it, and Angelo (The Owner and lovely guy who used to be the big kahuna at Ca d'Sol in the Valley), you better watch out cause I am coming back soon to keep on enjoying!+ Star - Parking! Gottta love that they have their own lot on the side, just off PCH southbound just before Torrance+ Star - Sexy inside and out.  You can dine on the terrace under the heaters if you want, or inside.  They have a community table, too, and that's cool for large parties as well (just call Angelo before you assume it's available)+ Star - Happy Hour! The most special thing is their HHour.  It's not your usual "drink cheap eat cheap" crap.  Nope, this place gives you a glass of wine (they have a large number to chose from, and those along with the appetizers, change weekly) and you get 4 of the apps of the week.  That's a super deal at only $13!+ Star - Homemade just about everything.  The smoked fish plate (L'Antipasto di Laguna) Smoked in house? The pasta? Made in house.  Obviously the sauces and all nom-nom items that go on such items were made in house.  Butter was not churned in house, but mixed with herbs from the in house garden!+ Star - Romantic inside and outside.  It's tragic how we here in SoCal have to take our romantic meals inside, cause the party on the patio is usually just that - yiikes! I want sexy, I want romantic, I want Mediterranean.  Well, yes, they are on PCH, but the patio is still very open, fresh and brings sexy back like JT baby.+ Star - Tables.  It bums me out to cover lovely wood tables with cloths! Here, Angelo lets the lovely hard wood surfaces gleam with unfinished glam.  The flatware and salt-n-pepper shakers are well-paired.  In fact, the entire presentation of where you will sit for the next 1+ hours is warm, sexy, casual, authentic.  It's glam, but like Mallorca (yes, I know that's Spain!)  or Sicily, not like a stuffy Roman or Napolitano joint.+ Star - Soft Shell Crab.  I am a huge fan of this, and it's only available in season, but holy moley these guys know how to do it.  You have never had it like you have it here.  It's classic Med style - let the little guy gorge himself on his last supper of the raw egg that he will be shortly breaded and sauteed with, the do so over hot but not burning flame, serve him up quick and simple and YUM you will want two more.+ Star - Prices.  I felt the prices were very fair.  Anyone who comes to a place like this and expects family portions needs to keep driving to Bucca di Bebbo or Olive Grossness.  This is quality at a fair price.  The amazing L'Antipasto di Laguna was $13 and I could have easily just enjoyed that and my crab (which was $10! a bargain!) with some bread.  + Star - Dessert.  Italians know how to bring on the desserts that are just sweet enough, but not so crazy that your teeth hurt.  Here, the ice cream is made by an award winner, and so I enjoyed L'Affogato (Vanilla gelato, espresso coffee, whipped cream, crushed amaretto cookies) for $7.  It was mind boggling tasty.  The tang of the coffee with the smoothness of the cream (a different texture than the glide of the gelato) had a nice crunch with the cookies in there.  I'd go back just that, some wine, and a kiss on the patio!Some reviews seemed spiteful and were clearly written by food uneducated (what's the opposite of a foodie? A know-nothing?) persons.  This is a possible Michelin-quality eaterie, but without all the pretension, snobbery, and prices.   Discover it quickly, before you can't get in at all!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,6/13/2012,1070,142,12,14,14>What can I say that others haven't already said? You MUST try it, at least once. I've never had any other pizza that had as many toppings as this one. We were all stuffed with one slice from the medium pizza. Pros:- Yum yum delicioso!- a mountain of toppings on  your pizza (Picture normal toppings now add 10x more)- Good crust (normally I throw out the crust)- The place is much larger than it looks from the outside. - My kids loved it.Cons:- Charge by the topping, you can't do half and half unless you want to pay for each topping (BUT you do get what you pay for)- Not the best neighborhood- Pizza takes a long time to prepare/cook (worth the wait)- Closed on Sunday We will definitely be coming here for our pizzas.Note: This isn't for snobs or dieters. This is greasy, fattening, I want to pig out, I'm not counting my calories food.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,6/12/2012,1259,140,12,10,11>Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**Priscilla's Taco Truck deserves my 100th review... why? Because it is by far the best taco truck I've ever tasted! Jesus and family... I hope you're reading this! So I've got to give credit to Anthony N. for recommending this spot because since then, 2 years ago to be exact, Priscilla's is the only taco truck I will eat from. First of all, it's family operated and the family is unbelievably nice! If they know it's your first time, they'll gladly give you samples of each meat... EVERYTHING is amazing here. It's all homemade... the adobaba meat is my favorite! So richly marinated, abundantly served, and just so amazingly delicious. The cuts of meat are NOT diced, they are seriously not cheap with their meat, unlike many other taco joints where you're served diced crap! When I first tried Priscilla's... I ate about 10 tacos from buche, lengua, cabeza, asada, tripe...! Try their quesadilla! so delicious! I always ask Jesus to put grilled onions on top of my tacos and inside my quesadillas! Also, during the Lenten season, they have a special menu of seafood and other non-meat dishes! Their ceviche... SO GOOD! Dorado tacos are homemade... tortilla chips are homemade... I think you get my point by now. Their horchata and other juices... so good!Tortas, tacos, quesadillas, dorado tacos, tamales (on tuesdays I believe), and various special dishes on different days. Look, you seriously can't go wrong with anything at Priscilla's! It's located right off Valerio and Reseda across from CVS between the hours of 8:30-12:30... I wish they were open earlier because 8:30 it's just way too late for me to eat my dinner...I've such a huge taco truck fan and even wrote to the "great-taco-hunt" website creator and told him to try this place out and he replied but of course never having tried it yet...CONCLUSION:I live in Irvine... and drive 67 miles for Priscilla's... am I crazy? No. Try this spot and you'll know what I'm talking about... the flavor of the meat is sooooo rich, tasty, words are seriously indescribable. I told Julie L. that if I ever had a party for a large occasion... I'm calling Priscilla's to cater the food... and I am seriously not joking when I say this... AND if this will help convince you... I brought one of my best friends from LMU, who lives in East LA, and has eaten from taco trucks all his life... he even said it was the best tacos he's ever had... it's THAT good people... and his little brother even complemented on how authentic the horchata was prepared... there is ALWAYS a line of people sitting and waiting, so if that doesn't convince you enough or this review as a whole... then you're missing out! EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!EAT IT!!!!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,6/11/2012,345,235,14,11,12>D-- ollar Fifty?!  All this for One Dollar and Fifty Cents?O-- rder two cookies and ice cream and that's what it costs.L--  ove their ice cream sandwichesL--  ove their pricesA--  good variety of cookie flavors including one with candy bitsR--  eally great spot near lots of restaurantsF--  orget dessert at those nearby restaurants head to DiddyI--  enjoyed my cookie sandwich and even the outdoor seatingD-- iddy Riese, I don't know how you keep your prices so low!D-- idn't try the strawberry cheesecake, but hope to next time.Y-- ou should be a fan of Dreyer's ice cream bc that the type served.  I prefer other brands, but it gets the job done!
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2012,6/10/2012,253,588,20,24,24>This place brought out my inner romantic. Confused? Yeah, this would be the last place I would expect to feel romantic.I brought my parents here on a saturday afternoon. My parents have been married for  46 years and they still enjoy each other's company on weekend outings together. It was especially cute watching them figure out how to use the audio tour iPods as we wandered around the museum.There were several exhibits that peaked my interest including:- The GE Theater exhibit which featured Reagan's acting carrer. I even got to play in front of the green screen, read off the teleprompter, and acted in a scene with Reagan himself ;D- The exhibit which featured the former President's attempted assassination and Reagan's quick recovery- Air Force One. This was the main reason we drove all the way out to Simi Valley. My dad is a fan! :) yelp.com/biz_photos/DaXC…- The exhibit which featured the fall of the Berlin wall. I'm not a history buff at all but I think my recent 5-week stay in Latvia really taught me a lot about the collapse of the Soviet Union- The portrait of Reagan made entirely out of jelly beans: yelp.com/biz_photos/DaXC…But the exhibit that absolutely resonated the most with me was the Love Letters that Ronald Reagan would write to his wife Nancy.About a week or two before coming here, I had coincidentally read this article about love letter writing: artofmanliness.com/2012/… ...this was the first time I had heard about Reagan's efforts to keep romance alive with his wife of over 50 years.Valentine's Day 1977. Reagan wrote a letter to St. Valentine: yelp.com/biz_photos/DaXC…"I am writing to you about a beautiful young lady who has been in this household for 25 years now... she has 2 hearts - her own and mine. I'm not complaining. I gave her mine willingly and like it right where it is... Could you on this day whisper in her ear that someone loves her very much and more and more each day? ...then tell her if she wants to know who that "someone" is to just turn her head to the left. I'll be across the room waiting to see if you told her. If you'll do this for me, I'll be very happy knowing that she knows I love her with all my heart."I am in TEARS! The girly-girl in me hopes that one day I'll have the man I love frequently write love letters to me. Yeah, I know that's a rare thing to have. So perhaps I'll settle for frequent Yelp compliments from my favorite Yelpers ;DWith 15 mins before closing, I rushed to the gift shop in hopes to find a very specific souvenir. I turn the corner and...Eureka! A book of Ronald Reagan's love letters to Nancy :)Ronald Reagan Library = Romantic! Not to mention the GORGEOUS view from the top of a hill! Even if you don't pay the $15 admission to the museum, drive up the hill to park in the free lot and enjoy the sunset!Happy Valentine's Day, everybody :)
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,6/8/2012,1561,540,10,20,17>So after eating at Libra a couple of weeks back, we had to go back again.  Yes, it is that good!  It is not the type of place you can eat at all the time, unless you don't mind being 400+ pounds, but it is a great place for a special occasion.  They can accommodate both small and large groups, and there are plenty of food options for everyone.  Everything from the cheese bread balls, to the salad bar, to the variety of meats are all good.  In fact, I don't think I have found a single thing at Libra that I don't like.The staff here are super friendly and hospitable too, which enhances the experience that much more.  Everyone remembered us from the last time we were here and welcomed us back.  The staff was great on both of our visits about explaining how everything works, and also made sure that we got our fill of everything that we wanted.Libra is one of my new favorite places.  Unfortunately I have eaten too much the two times I have been here so far, so I am going to have to limit my visits.  If you have a big appetite, and a strong craving for meat, Libra is a great place to eat.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,6/7/2012,193,159,7,12,9>I'm so happy I finally found a nice, reasonable, and quick tailor!The exterior appearance of the store is somewhat sketchy and the shop is tiny but don't let it put you off.  Alla is like having a second mom.  She is warm, friendly, and quick.  Her prices are very reasonable.  I've taken pants that need hemming and have had curtains made and Alla has done a great job on all of the items.  No lose strings, nothing falling apart after wearing and washing.  I've tried to tip her and she won't accept it.  How honest is that!I took a pair of Prana cords in that I tried to hem myself and cut too short.  I showed them to Alla as I was ready to just throw them out and asked if there was anything she could do.  She found some material of same weight and color and added it on to the bottom.  They actually look cooler now than they did before.  Score!  I've tried Anna's of Italy on Washington but found her prices outrageous when all I need is simple work done.  Enter and park through the back alley.  Much more convenient than parking on Lincoln and having to walk passed the sketchy dudes that hang out nearby.  Cash only.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,6/6/2012,1297,632,20,25,20>Nick was an excellent server.  That's really all I wanted to say.  This guy was the best in all areas.  Responsive, funny, informative.  Heck, he told me about every type of steak and what made each one good.  Why you might want one type over another and whether medium rare would be better than medium.  We're talking steak here and he had enough information to make you feel like you were watching the food channel. And he appreciated I didn't want any steak sauce.  I mean, I felt like I was dealing with a real representative of Outback.  Like, the owners should really be thankful for this front-man.Yeah, you already know Outback is good for steak.  I'm not gonna go into that.  I'm just here to say, you go, you want great service, you have a choice, ask if Nick is working, and get one of his tables.I'm out.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,6/5/2012,56,12,3,19,14>I am a professional home stager and I hired Storage A Go-Go to move my client's furnishings down into their own basement storage in preparation for rented furniture to come in. The guys were fast, professional and followed direction perfectly. The client was thrilled and so was I. I will DEFINITELY hire them again!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,6/4/2012,597,598,6,5,6>My dad suggested coming here after a nearby eye appointment.  Been here before and meant to write a review, so this is long overdue.  Looked in my old photos in which I had painstakingly taken pictures of the menu.  Alas, amidst now nearly 10,000 digital photos I cannot locate them. Although my dad's  vision has deteriorated I think that mine needs to be checked out too! I ordered the won ton soup. We both agreed DO NOT get this again. Not sure what they filled the won tons with but my dad's homemade are much better.  DO GET the vegetarian chicken drumsticks.  As my dad's eyes had been dilated, this caused his other senses to be heightened. He announced that the incredible texture of this dish pulled apart just like real chicken.  Next time I will drizzle the sweet chile sauce over to enhance how juicy these were inside, though crispy outside.My dad ordered the curry.  He detected the bell peppers but with his blurry vision, was unable to identify the rest of the ingredients. I informed him inside the delicious curry (just not spicy enough) were the tender soy based chunks.  It could have been our fault not paying attention and/or specifying this when ordering.  I had gotten caught up in my dad's story of how he got kicked out of prayer meeting. Thus it was not ordered "spicy." Hmmm, I do not remember the waitress giving us an option either.What would make dining at Garden Wok better? Chinese music played overhead the entire time. Instead, they switched back and forth.  First a wonderful Chinese song which lulled me into Chinese imagery.  Then an awful American elevator song which did not fit the picture in my mind.  Which led to me becoming a little annoyed.  Guess I will just have to ask their rationale on the next visit.  One of the features I liked best about Garden Wok was that they were good with the timing.  The dishes came out in a timely manner.  The check came to our table on time.  Furthermore, they did not scurry us out.  Overall a relaxed late lunch experience.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,6/3/2012,1263,227,9,10,11>Great boba!! I love love love love love love love the red bean boba!!!! When I went there around 4pm the place was empty and parking was easy in the small lot. I can imagine it being hard to find a parking spot there during peak hours since there's Hamburger Habit there (never tried it but supposedly it's suppose to be the best burger in L.A., says the banner hanging above their entrance) Anyways, the only negative about Boba Time is the space inside is small and if you plan on staying there to drink your Boba with a friend, don't plan on being able to hear each other. It gets so loud when they are making the Boba and it echos throughout the whole store. I guess you can take it outside!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,6/2/2012,67,102,9,14,13>I love this little hidden gem in LB! They sell the most delicious mangonadas and they are cheap! A large cup is $2.50, the mangonada consist of mango ice cream with real mango bits mixed in then lots & lots of chamoy sauce topped off with tamarind chili candy as your straw! They also have other ice cream but I've only tired the mangonadas from here....They have lot of Mexican fruit ice creams. This is a mom and pop shop and the owners are so sweet and super nice. I've never been to a place where if I don't have enough cash on me since this is a cash only place they just say to pay them back when you come back. And yes I did go back and paid what I owed. lol I thought that was really nice and sweet of the owners. Also they have weird hours here, they usually close at 5pm but if its a really slow day they usually close earlier.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,6/1/2012,259,379,8,9,9>Great hotel!!! I really enjoyed my stay here. Fast and courteous service all the way around. Special shout out to my fellow Yelper Edith C who apparently works here. This hotel rocks! The bar in the lobby "Rain" is visually appealing. As you walk in the hotel the first thing you see is cascading water on either side of the bar. I was way pleased when I saw they had Stone IPA on tap. The suites are bigger than my apartment. Granted I live in a shoebox of an apartment but never the less it's a big suite. The bed is nice and comfy. Bathroom is kinda small. Spacious balcony. The hotel is located next to a mall and several restaurants. Indoor/outdoor pool as well as gym and sauna. The buffet in the morning has make your own waffles. Don't make the same mistake I made by forgetting to spray the waffle maker with non-stick spray. Total fail with a line of witnesses. Good thing there was an omellete station with a chef. All in all great stay! Can't wait to return! Note: This hotel is also listed as Marriot Resorts Hotels and Suites on Yelp.
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2011,5/31/2012,66,868,6,10,8>My friends and I came around 6:30pm on a Saturday and it was pretty busy, but we did not have to wait. If you've never been here before, here's how to order:1. Select a curry pictured for the listed price. Extra sauce is availabe for $1-$5 more.2. Pick the amount of rice you want. Regular scoop of rice is 350g for no charge. Small is $0.50 less, large is $1 more and extra large is $2 more.3. Choose your spice level: mild, regular, spice levels 1-10. Mild and regular are at no charge, but each spice level increases in $0.20 increments. Spice level 1 is $0.20, spice level 2 is $0.40, etc.4. Add toppings ranging from $2-$3. Choices include: kimchee, cheese, natto, dumplings, different types of veggies, meats, veggie croquette, clams and squidI ordered the small shredded chicken curry, with spinach at a spice level of 1 and a piece of naan. The small was still pretty big! I should have ordered a mini! It was quite delicious, but not enough spinach, definitely not $2 worth of spinach. I'm pretty sure the naan is not homemade, but it was still nice and soft.After tax and tips, it came out to be $12, which is well worth it! I took home LOTS of leftovers. Yum.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,5/30/2012,210,103,16,13,11>Lately there have been many pizza places filling up Westwood, making it the most densely pizza-populated area in LA (*not intended to be a factual statement*). With CPK, BJ's, Enzo's, Lamonicas, Italian express, D'Amore's, Extreme Pizza and now 800 Degrees, what could possibly set this place apart from everything else?? What was the owner thinking when he first punched "pizza" into his phone and saw all those red-pins fall on the same spot????"There! Build it THERE!!" And 800 Degrees was born. This place isn't your average dominos, or papa johns for that matter (also down the street). When you walk in, you select your dough, sauce, and toppings, and watch the chef* craft* your pizza. I assume the person is a chef because why else would they be wearing a chef's coat? Once its complete, they slide the pizza into a flaming oven that's probably set to about 800 degrees (give or take) and minutes later, your pizza is complete. Brilliant!You know right away just from walking in that the owners pulled all the stops to make this restaurant awesome. Take the soda machine for example, it looks like it came off the Enterprise. It was so advanced that watching people pick their soda was like watching someone use an iPhone for the first time. "I JUST WANT WATER! HURRY UP! WHY AREN'T THERE TWO OF THESE!?!?"What I ordered: Margarita with garlic, sausage, and mushrooms. The pizza was delicious but I couldn't help but wish there were more mushrooms and sausage on my pizza. I know times have been hard since ObamAA+ took office but damn! I can count the mushrooms on one hand!!! And from the looks of that line going out the door I'm sure 800 degrees could spare a couple 'shrooms for this guy. Nevertheless, this is a great pizza place for Westwood. Parking is limited but most people park in the Bronxton parking garage. There is usually a line but it moves quickly so don't give up! It's not the apple store.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,5/29/2012,1716,487,11,18,16>Okay...Mac and Cheese pizza. That is all.Well, maybe not ALL....I hadn't really been back to The Arsenal since the recent remodel and new menu except for that one amaaaaaaazing week where they offered filet mignon, burgers, champagne, and cocktails at 1950s prices to celebrate their reopening. Last night I went back with a Dealpop voucher that was about to expire and had mac and cheese pizza and poutine on the brain.Two of us girls ordered Mac and Cheese Pizza, Poutine, and Spinach/Artichoke Fries. When the plates came out it was pretty ridiculous to see the sheer volume of food we had thought we could consume in one sitting! After taking ONE BITE of the pizza we had no desire to eat any of the massive mountains of potatoes sitting next to us because this pizza is SO FREAKIN' DELICIOUS. Oh yum yum yum yum yum. It's the kind of pizza you have to eat with a knife and fork and apparently you can order this with "the works" (bacon, tomato, jalapeño if I remember correctly) on top which I am definitely going to do next time I order this...and NEXT time is going to be very very soon like probably next week! The potato dishes were boxed up and brought home with some very cool "leftover remix" ideas to make them even better the next day.Another fantastic new discovery that is going to bring me back very very soon: Banana Bread Beer. Try it, really. It is fantastic! On second thought, just kidding, don't try it (leave more for me!)
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,5/28/2012,111,558,17,27,23>After seeing so many great Yelp reviews for NorthStar Moving, my husband and I decided to hire them to move us from the Westside to downtown LA.  Our move had the potential to be a bit tricky as it involved moving a lot of stuff up and down lots of stairs (in both the house we moved from and to the loft we moved to), through long, narrow, twisty hallways, and relying on a temperamental elevator.    NorthStar was very professional and reliable throughout the whole process.  Prior to the move, we were provided an estimate of the amount that the moving costs would not surpass, and were told that if the movers finished more quickly, it would be cheaper for us.  The day before the move, we received a confirmation email/call.  The day of the move, 6 movers arrived at 7:30 am.  They were everything that you would ever want in great movers - fast, friendly, courteous, efficient, and hard working.  We were especially impressed by how well-organized and coordinated they were (which made the move go much more quickly than expected).  And they mentioned that they worked well together because they communicated well with each other.  By 2:30 or 3 pm all our stuff had been successfully moved to our new place and the bill came in well below the estimate/quote.  This was one of the smoothest and most pain-free moves we've ever had.  NorthStar definitely deserves every one of the five stars.  We will definitely use them again for our next move.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,5/27/2012,4921,523,14,26,23>I enjoyed W&C solely for the great food (had a wedge salad, sea bass, potato gnocchi with oxtail ragu and mushrooms), good wine (Bordeaux and a Tuscan), and cozy atmosphere. My dining experience would have been perfect had my server made eye contact when reciting the dinner specials.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,5/26/2012,2371,1713,31,32,31>Once again our wonderful LA West CM Brittany pulled off another successful event. She's now like the undefeated Rocky Marciano of Yelp. Brittany may float like a butterfly and sing like a "B", but dayum this girl can plan a Yelp event. She's the first astronaut of Yelp cause she's in another world.Powersurge may not be the ideal hangout for a bunch of foodies, but thanks to Brittany, Monique, Katie, and the gang's organization, the small space for food and drinks was managed perfectly. And what a mix of food it was. * The Good Pizza served totally good pizza. * Cookie Good passed out cookies that were way better than good.  * Javan Restaurant's Persian cuisine made us purr. * The bar for soup was set extremely high by the Soup Bar. * St. Germain proved to be the patron saint of great cocktails.All while dozens of friends that rarely get to see each other laughed and played games at one of the many PowerSurge video game screens. I have to give mad props to the especially brave ones who worked up a sweat with Kinect Dance Central.See you in Vegas.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,5/25/2012,531,250,4,12,11>I love this place and I was so glad to see that it is still here. They have been around for over 3 decades and once you have tried the place, I guarantee, you won't forget it. It  is my husband's favorite pizza place ... there is just something about their pizza! I mean, there is not anything special about the ambiance or the place and the service is not overly friendly or under in my  humble opinion... It is the actual pizza that keeps you coming back. There is just something about it.... Kind of like the pizza in the  movie Mystic Pizza... The place is fine... but not enough to merit 5 stars but the pizza...there is just something about the pizza....I mean come on, they have lasted 36 years! They are doing something right. If you have just moved in the area, you have gotta try it, if you don't live in the area It's worth the trip if you are in the mood for good pizza! And if you are a local... there's no need to sell you... I am sure you frequent Lamp Post! Wish we still lived  near by!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,5/24/2012,174,118,9,10,8>If the tip of Mt Everest is the closest point to heaven, Tara's Himalayan Cuisine is the food you eat at the top. Situated on a section of Venice Blvd you would typically drive thru without a second glance, and camouflaged by small, overpriced Brazilian restaurants, a wash and dry laundromat, and a hookah joint, this amazing restaurant has been a favorite of mine for the past year. When I first stepped into Tara's, it was more on an adventurous whim to check out the local food.  But when you go inside, you can tell you are in for something different as you notice the detailed Himalayan decor, the music playing in the background, and the wonderful smell of spices in the air.  Each table has a picture of the Himalayan mountains with a description of the peak, valley etc that is displayed.  Paintings depicting Himalayan life line the walls, and colorful tapestry's are used from curtains to pantry covers in the kitchen.While they naturally have to use local produce, their food uses mountain grown herbs and spices direct from Nepal.  And everything is cooked to order, so while the wait may be awhile during the busier times, feel confident that they are not taking any shortcuts in the kitchen!Oh, and the food?  Let's put it this way, I used to go to India quite a bit and I usually enjoyed the food, at least enough to know what to look for when I got stateside. Tara's Himalayan cuisine is like a mix of Indian, Nepalese, and Tibetan food that puts the Indian restaurants in LA to shame.  When the food arrives at your table, you go from a nice pleasant  conversation of, "So how was your week, the stock market was really taking some wicked googilies..." to, "OhWOW,ThatLooksReallyGood,LetMeTryThisAndOhThat'­sGood,ButThisIsEvenBetter.What'sTHAT!GiveMeThatToo­.HowCanThisBeSooooooGOOD!"One of my favorites is the Okra Curry that is cooked in Himalayan spices, tomatoes, garlic and cilantro.  Yes, that's right, OKRA!  When I lived in Mississippi I had my share of okra.  Sorry my southern friends, but it was always soft, gooey, sticky, and bland.  I never thought I would eat okra again until a friend ordered this at Tara's.  It is absolutely nothing like southern style okra, and is now a personal favorite of mine.Between that, the garlic tofu, the green bean dish, the variety of nan (garlic being my favorite), I have often found myself eating a 100% vegetarian meal and not even noticing it.  There are no tofu burgers or soy nuggets here, just real food with great flavor.  Of course, I often go for the Lamb Vindaloo or Yak Chili as well!The little things that really kick the meal up a notch are the papad appetizers that come out to every table and are paired with a light yam and tomato puree for dipping.  For you beer drinkers try the Lhasa Beer, imported from the roof of the world.  It is light and not too filling so it goes great with their dishes.Nourish your soul as well!  10% of all profits at the restaurant go  towards education in Nepal, which has a big impact on the lives of women and children there.  Not enough?  Lhasa beer also gives 10% of profits to philanthropy in Tibet.  (impressive, maybe these businesses are on to something!)**HOLE IN THE WALL ALERT!!**Everyone talks about their favorite, hidden restaurant with great food that nobody knows about.  This is a place that you probably wouldn't come to unless you found it on Yelp or a friend referred you to it.  Give it a try and add it to your list of favorite hole in the wall restaurants!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,5/23/2012,98,78,9,15,9>$3.50 for dog+condiments! Quick and cheap meal! Very random little hot dog stand by the Best Buy parking lot. We probably would never have found this if it weren't for Yelp!We lucked out because we arrived around 7:20 PM, but because there was an event going on at Best Buy, Uncle Ced had stayed later. He told us that his usual hours are from noon to 7 PM!Uncle Ced is great! Very friendly guy! And his hot dog stand is nicer and cleaner than most other stands I've been to! The dogs themselves were just a little above average though... I had the spicy polish dog with all the usual condiments plus extra jalepenos+ onions. It turned out to be quite spicy, but not sure if the heat was from the spicy polish or the jalepenos. My friend had the kosher beef dog which was good but nothing spectacular. The dogs could've been warmer!Grab a quick bite here if you're in the area!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,5/22/2012,314,242,9,8,9>My absolute favorite Sephora location - smaller but not too packed (like SM) and not too difficult to get to (Bev Center). I always worry about having a bad reaction to different products. Thanks to Sephora, I can try whatever I want and be 100% confident that I will like what I buy. As long as this location keeps on NOT telling me how many points I have ($1 spent = 1 point), I will be a forever faithful customer. NEW RETURN POLICY: Returns accepted ONLY with receipt OR if the purchase is linked to your Beauty Insider account. Some other notes:**Also, every sales associate has their own favorites. They'll recommend all sorts of stuff that THEY LIKE or know is a cult favorite. You know your skin, scent, and makeup preferences better than they do! **If your HG item is in stock, call on the day of their shipment and have them put one aside from you. How else did I get the Naked palette on launch day?
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2011,5/21/2012,428,239,12,13,18>One lahmajune is $1.75 and you can order it hot or cold.  It is a thin, crisp round of dough smeared with a savory sauce of peppers, ground lamb, and spices.  Two make a satisfying lunch.In my mind, Armenians, Mexicans, and Filipinos share a collective soul.  Brownness, poverty, violent oppression, fun weddings.  Good food.    The two guys who own and run this bakery are old school.  Their pan dulce is masterful.  I tried the concha (seashell-shaped bread with sugar dough on top), the payaso (three-color triangular cookie), and a red-and-white swirled rebanada (a slice of bread with buttercream and sugar).  Sometimes at Mexican bakeries, the bread on offer is stale and crumbling.  But here, it is totally fresh and delicious, more beautifully and carefully made than in any other panaderia I've visited.The man who ordered before me was another old Mexican dude wearing a hat and botas.  He bought a sack of bread, then went to sit outside to enjoy it.  He had with him a beat-up Radio Flyer filled with cactus; the wagon was painted orange with the sign "El Rey de Nopales" in white.  It only makes sense that El Rey de Nopales would know Los Reyes de Pan (y Lahmajune).
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,5/20/2012,15,5,17,33,23>I recently used Excalibur Van Lines for a move from LA to OC. Ricardo (Foreman) was professional, friendly, and efficient. He took time with me initially to review their process, what would be wrapped, packing supplies that would be used, etc.  They quoted me a 4 hour minimum and it took just under an hour to load my Studio apartment and drive under an hour to Orange County. It was less than an hour to unload for under  $280. They were very careful with my belongings and took the extra time to appropriately wrap items for added protection. I was very pleased with my experience and I would definitely recommend this company and crew to family and friends.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2012,5/19/2012,834,665,11,11,11>Now that I've been here twice (once for the Yelp Leap Year event and then on St. Patrick's Day), I feel like I have a better idea of how to judge this place; it's definitely a place I'll be returning to!They have a simple online reservation system which works nicely, as long as people give up the tables in an orderly amount of time =)  The bar is a nice space; it looks good, the bartenders are friendly and prompt, and the couple times I've been there, it's packed with people having a good time.  The bar has 6 in-house made brews and close to 20 guest brews. There has to be something you like, regardless of your tastes!Restaurant area is nice, with a variety of spaces to sit to eat and enjoy whatever entertainment the place has lined up. Honestly that is one of my favorite things about this place: entertainment. It seems so hard in the West Valley (or Conejo Valley) to find a place with entertainment.  Thank you to The Lab!  I also really enjoy their Milk Stout!  Eating in the low-carb way, I didn't really get a chance to eat too much of the food we ordered. But I did get a taste of:Cheese and Meat plate: Lots of nice cheese; wish there was a bit more meatChicken Mole Quesadilla: The filling was very flavorful!Kick Ass (spicy) fries: The fries themselves were overdone, but the dipping sauce was not messing around, as far as heat goes! Spicy and good!Things I'm not a huge fan of:-The bathrooms! Oh my goodness! Someone didn't plan well when designing the place. Two stalls and one sink only, for a large place with lots of drinks being consumed. Also a little disheveled each time I went in. Needs more space and more frequent checks by employees.-Mixed drink was a bit on the weak side; maybe I'm just a lush, but still. =)Overall, a cool place to go to hear some music, enjoy some brews, and relax. I'll be back!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,5/17/2012,750,550,58,54,53>They just re-did this theater and its shiny like a newly minted penny.  I like new things, it means my butt was the first one to fart and christen the seat.  I'm lovely aren't I? haThe parking was a breeze with a big parking structure.No crowds or annoying kids......yet.Prices are comparable to other theaters.Employees were super nice.The bathrooms were lit up like a club, I swear if there was a bartender on board I woulda ordered a draaaank.  I'm not a big fan of seeing movies really since I get restless and antsy if I sit too long, but its a nice place to see a movie if you're in the area and so happen to want to inflict that upon yourself.  -btw...Since when did the popcorn buckets get so freaking big?  It was like a trough!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2011,5/16/2012,802,562,8,13,8>Calling it a supermarket is a bit of a stretch. This Middle Eastern neighborhood market does carry an excellent selection of vegetables and meats along with their Middle Eastern food stuffs. Both their produce and meats were fresh and reasonably priced. They also have a deli. I came here to do some grocery shopping and ended deciding to buy braised shank for lunch. For $10 you get a large tender and flavorful shank on a huge bed of rice. The only down side is they have no place to sit down and eat.Next time? Gonna bring home some Kabobs to put on the grill.
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,5/15/2012,591,938,7,10,10>This place is just beautiful! When we first landed in California, my Uncle took us here and then on, any relatives or family visiting us from overseas, my father always take them here. Yes!, it's that beautiful!Take Gaffey Street allllllllll the way up to the end on a hill. Inside this park sits a huge bell on the center of the hill. You're on the top of the hill overlooking the Pacific Ocean and the Port of L.A. The view is just breathtaking. I just wish the wind is not that strong but it seems like every time I come, it just want to blow me away..  :-o
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,5/14/2012,330,403,12,20,14>I'm a Texan born and raised, so you better believe it when I say I have high standards about BBQ.  I've been on the lookout for Texas style bbq for some time and not only is LA like a bbq wasteland with ridiculously slim pickings to start with, what I've had has always been decidedly sub-par.  So it was of course with some apprehension that I decided to give Bludso's a try for lunch one day..I got the two-meat lunch combo for 9.50, which came with two sides an ended up being enough for two lunches!  For the meats, I chose brisket (the #1 Texas bbq item) and the beef sausage.  I got the spicy sauce.  My sides were potato salad and greens.  The lunch also came with two slices of white bread, which was a nice familiar touch.First, the meat - the brisket had great smoky flavor, and the spices were just right.  My only quibble was that it was definitely a little more moist than I am used to my traditional Texas brisket being.  The sausage was wonderful, full of herbs and juicy.  The sauce was just the right amount of spicy - just a bit of heat to liven it up, and definitely had the right flavor of home.  I really do have to agree with reviewer Eli G. who says that this is not the best bbq he has ever had, but is the best bbq he's had in California.The sides - the greens were really salty with meat cooked along with them.. haha I'm a salt fiend so I loved them!  The potato salad was definitely sufficient but just regular potato salad.I'll definitely come back here for lunch since it's not too far from work - and I think I might even look to getting some party plates the next time I want to have a Texas themed party.. hmm.. I think I'm getting some inspiration here!No seating - get your stuff to go and let the smell make your coworkers jealous!
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,5/13/2012,400,235,12,11,13>Thank you Neesha S. for introducing me to this amazing Persian ice cream joint. Came here on a weeknight and I was in for a treat. We got the ginger, saffron and rose flavors and they were all amazing. My favorite was ginger, with saffron right behind. The flavors were so subtle and yet so engulfing...loved every minute of it.The best part was that I almost had a soup Nazi moment (from Seinfeld)! The guy behind the counter was getting our orders when he overheard my friend and I discuss how we should try making ice cream at home and I mentioned that David Lebovitz has a great pistachio gelato recipe on his website.....omg, I have never seen someone turn around so fast! He spent the next 5 minutes telling us how gelato is not as good as Persian ice cream and how they can never have a saffron flavored gelato as saffron is so expensive....I was so scared he would then say "No ice cream for you!" But he just grumpily looked away and then handed us our cups....it made for a fun night!Overall, the ice cream is really good...takes me back to my time in India as most of the local mom and pop stores there have ice cream like this...fresh and really tasty! If you are in Westwood, definitely head here and maybe if you are lucky you might get to experience a near ice cream Nazi moment!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,5/12/2012,192,35,15,18,17>The warm salmon spinach salad is one of the most yum salads I've had in recent times. (I got it with mixed baby greens instead of the spinach). The mustard vinaigrette & Parmesan crisp is super flavorful & satisfying. Good service, as well. Recommended!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,5/10/2012,285,174,10,15,18>There's probably a million ways to make skewered meat, but yakitori is definitely my favorite.  I've been to many a yakitori restaurants in Los Angeles, and I have to say The Backhouse uses some of highest quality meats I've ever tasted.  But I'll get to that in a bit.  What I really enjoy about The Backhouse is the variety of dishes they serve, and better yet, they excel at making all of them.It's a small, intimate space with beautiful wood panel walls that just cultivates the spirit of eating and drinking.  We ordered a lovely bottle of malbec, which went nicely with the various dishes we had.  Started off with spicy tuna on crispy rice, jalapeno ponzu/yuzu albacore and salmon carpaccio with truffle oil.  All of the fish was very fresh and the flavor combinations were so unique and tasty!  I really loved the salmon carpaccio with truffle oil, and I don't' even typically enjoy raw salmon.We then proceeded to order almost every organ meat imaginable from liver to special heart to tongue.  We also ordered quail egg and gingko nuts.  I seriously loved them all!  The meat was seasoned perfectly and grilled to perfection.   Apparently most yakitori places use the quail eggs in a can, but not The Backhouse!  They peel their fresh quail eggs in-house!  I've only had gingko nuts in the shell, but here, they peel them from the shell, skewer and prepare them yakitori style.  Best ever!  Oh, and I can't forget the crispy garlic brussel sprouts.  Loved the texture and was bursting with umami flavor.  It felt serendipitous that we stumbled upon this gem of a restaurant.  The food is just brilliant, and I can't wait to go back for another fantastic dining experience.  The Backhouse really does epitomize that good things do come in small packages.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,5/9/2012,703,398,8,10,11>Came here with a friend for dineLA Restaurant Week. I ordered their soup of the day, which was a delicious broccoli and basil soup with yummy croutons; the pesto chicken crepe, and chocolate mousse to finish things off. I also had their cafe mocha. What a great deal for a lot of food! My friend and I totally loved the soup!! It was just so tasty, we wanted a whole big bowl of it!! I really enjoyed my pesto chicken crepe. The crepe was nice and soft, but not soggy. The dish wasn't heavy either and the chicken was tender and very flavorful. It was so big, I couldn't finish it and had to ask for a doggy bag. My Venezuelan chocolate mousse was rich and creamy. I could only handle a few bites though because I was so full! I wish I could've taken that home too!Didn't know where to park at first because I'm so unfamiliar with the area. As I was driving around looking for parking I passed through Rodeo Dr. and man, there were a lot of people shopping! 90210 is doing very well in this economy! There are a couple of 2-hr. free parking structures very close to this cafe. I think the one I parked in was on Beverly Dr.No celebrity sightings. My friend was bummed.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,5/8/2012,939,270,11,14,12>I visit Mon Roll House Sushi during my lunch break.  It's walkable from my work.  Just in case it isn't obvious to you, they mainly serve sushi as the name of the restaurant implies (apparently it was an issue one day).  Keep in mind that it's fusion sushi, so they have a lot of dishes with cool names and often times they're cooked and saucy.  If that's what you're going for, you're at a good place.  I sit at the counter and chat with the sushi chefs.  It's fun to watch and chat.  It's a small space that is a little dim and somewhat lavish but relaxing.  It's a good vibe.  If you ask for their favorite roll, they'll probably tell you to get the Amazing Kiss ($12.95).  That's made with crab, spicy tuna, seared tuna, and seared albacore with a sesame unagi sauce.  It's pretty tasty and I've had it more than once.  Delicious.  Good presentation.  One day I tried the Volcano Roll, the special on the board, which is basically a California Roll with spicy tuna, baked salmon, and jalapenos with a spicy sauce.  I though it was a little too saucy, but hey, it was on fire!  I didn't get a picture because I couldn't get a picture of the flame.  Super Cat Roll ($13.95) is refreshing and Sexy Girl ($12.95) is yummy. I think it's just fun to try the different rolls.  They have lunch specials.  I don't remember all of them, but the one I usually get is the one with California Rolls, Spicy Tuna Rolls, Salad, croquette, and miso soup and this is about $8.99.  It's satisfying.  Oh the miso soup is filling since it has tofu, seaweed, and mushrooms.   It's sushi...if you're really hungry and want to spend less, go somewhere else!  The prices are comparable to other sushi joints and this is in Santa Monica.  It's across from Santa Monica Place on 4th Street and Third Street Promenade is not too far off.   It's local and they're good to me.  4 out of 5 Stars.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,5/7/2012,474,445,14,14,12>Even though my food was stone cold, it was so good...How is that for an opener? And, actually, the stone cold part was of my own doing. You see, as a parent, you pretty much forfeit the right to being selfish in moments when all you want to do is dig in to your food truck find. Our family likes to make things hard on ourselves. Four of us, four different trucks. All the while I am running around handling out $20 bills to various family members like Daddy Warbucks and hopping from truck to truck to collect our meals.So, I decided to dine from the Komodo Truck based on Natalie M's stellar review and they did not disappoint. I went for the "deadly deal," which is two tacos, fries and soda for $10. There was no way I was going to pass up truffle fries (insert pig noises here).I went with one Komodo 2.0 top sirloin taco with aoili and Southwest corn salad and one Marinated Asian Chicken taco with stir fried rice and mandarin oranges, truffles fries and an ice cold Dr. Pepper! I couldn't resist dipping into the fries as I went from truck to truck trying to help organize my family's meals. And, they were so seriously good that I had almost finished them before I even was able to sit down a few minutes later. The flavoring was just right, not too overpowering, as anyone who has been a victim of truffle oil knows...When I finally was able to enjoy the tacos, it was easily 10 minutes after they had come off the grill. And, even though I tried to sabotage my own meal by waiting, they were very tasty. I was surprised because I actually preferred the chicken taco over the sirloin, but both were good in their own right.And, man, they really nailed that Dr Pepper too. Is there anything they can't do?
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,5/6/2012,147,177,15,14,13>"What do you feel like eating?""I mean, I'll eat anything really. Nothing is striking me as appetizing.""I always decide where we're going. Seriously, nothing sounds good?""Hmm, you know, we haven't had King's Hawaiian in a while.""Oh yeah, let's eat there."That's the usual Greg R. and Mary C. conversation, and every once in a while we remember King's! It has yet to disappoint: breakfast, lunch, dinner, or dessert, but today I bring the case of the breakfast burrito.It was one of those rare occasions where there was no discussion as to where we were eating. It was my birthday breakfast and Greg cut out the asking part and jumped to the conclusion that this would be my decision in the end. Good call. I've had many of their breakfast items and never been left unsatisfied, and whether it was my older more mature taste buds or the fact that their food is simply delicious, I will never know, but that morning was no different... unless you count the bizarre obsession I've had with breakfast burritos ever since.Anyway, their tortilla wrapped heaven included scrambled eggs, fried rice, portuguese sausage and cheddar cheese. On the side was some guacamole, sour cream and homemade salsa. By now you are starting to imagine how tasty it is, but I promise your imagination does this breakfast no justice. Beyond "yumming" every bite and repeatedly saying "this is the best breakfast burrito I've ever had," I literally set out on what has become a month long mission to find one I liked better. So far, nada!I urge you to try this beautiful burrito of breakfast and tell me it isn't scrumptious. Tell me where I can find a scrumptious-er one... or just tell me I'm right.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,5/5/2012,1537,605,26,25,24>Ladies-- I am a true women's foot aficionado. My word is bond.With reference to a woman's foot, I am a qualified expert. I have the knowledge and hands on experience to counsel women regarding shoe styles, to lovingly measure your feet, and to evaluate the caliber of your feet with reference to shoe design.Ladies, once you own a few pairs of Christian Louboutin's, all your other heels will look and feel like crap! So proceed with caution--once you discover what you were missing by slipping them on, you will NEVER go back.  They are by far the sexiest shoes on the streets. I know they are somewhat of a status symbol for some, but the way they look on even a WNBA player is amazing! The fit, the cut, the way they flatter your legs--amazing. They even give some woman an extra boost of confidence. Every time you wear them, you will feel like royalty and they even get compliments from your worse Haters. They are a work of art. In my pre Recession days I would buy Louboutin's from Saks or Barney's as gifts, but I found the selection here better. This boutique is petite and girly with handbags framed on the wall. The staff is the greatest; they're friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful.But a few things to note:*The red sole comes off immediately. You can buy a red sole that a shoemaker is able to put on, but be prepared to lose the trademark after the first wear ladies.*They run small. Buy half a size up.*If you wear them, you are in a little club with all other women that can afford (or choose to starve) to wear them.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,5/4/2012,750,698,15,16,23>I'm not a crepe fan, but I heard so much buzz about this place, I just had to give it a try. Located exactly by Pinkberry, that's how I spotted it. This place wasn't easy to spot from far, because it's so secluded and small. Thanks for those high ceiling on the stores, it didn't feel so small on the inside. Onto the food reviews, I ordered Strawberry daifuku (green tea crepes with azuki red beans and strawberry with whipped cream) because the picture on the wall made it looked so good. I requested no whipped cream and replaced it with nutella, in which they gladly did it with no charge, awesome! I liked it, it's perfect for an afternoon bite, not too heavy either. The order-taker was actually surprised by my friend's order. He ordered chocolate crepes with ham and egg. Even I was shocked, because I wondered how it would taste. Guess what? It tasted awesome, I loved it. You could still taste the chocolate crepes but not too sweet and overpowering, it just blended well with the egg and ham, all together in harmony. Okay, I don't normally write like this, but seriously it tasted so good. You have to try it.This place is a perfect spot for a snack after walking around rodeo drive, I would totally come back here and if you come before 5pm, it's free parking a block away for 2 hours.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,5/3/2012,2650,519,11,19,15>Pretty cool store for last minute lingerie and accessories.I've been stopping by this place quite a lot lately. They have a huge selection of lingerie, hoisery and some costumes & shoes. The great thing is you can exchange unworn items within 30 days of purchase. Although I rarely return anything I buy here but it's good to know the option to do so.  The staff there is very helpful and very friendly.  The other half of the store is dedicated to men :-) lol....
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,5/2/2012,130,532,18,24,20>My first review of the year and my 400th one as well!I stumbled upon this company through a mass email at work. I guess someone at my work also works for PCH Scuba and was promoting a deal for $399. The deal was later featured on Groupon for the same price, it's valued at $843. I told a couple friends about it and we jumped on the deal. I communicated with the owner, Brett, in arranging our classes and he answered every email with no problems. I even spoke with him a couple times to verify some information I had given him. The first weekend is a two-day class and pool session in Burbank (they partnered up with Aqua Adventures Unlimited). Our class time was instructed by Dan and Amy and pool time was with Dan, Rhonda, and Steve. Everyone was so friendly and easygoing. When it came to the pool no one in our group of eight was ever neglected. The instructors understand that learning curves are different from person to person and they were very patient with everyone in our group. The second weekend we headed out to Catalina Island. All of the instructors from the first weekend was there, along with several others. PCH had an end of summer bash the same weekend we were out there so our group was pretty big. We stayed at the Hermosa Hotel which was included in our deal. I heard we actually booked that whole hotel out. Rhoda was our instructor for our smaller group of five out in the water. I had a little trouble on one of the dives and got a little nervous she helped me calm down. Unfortunately I couldn't complete all the dives that weekend, I had trouble equalizing while trying to dive. However I did go back another weekend with Dan as the instructor and I completed my dives with no problem. I'm now a certified open water scuba diver!I highly recommend this company, especially if they have their Groupon deal again. It is definitely worth the money and you'll be certified for a lifetime! PCH Scuba can also be found on Facebook and they have other diving events for those who are certified. I'm glad to be a part of this family and can't wait to dive with them again. It was the best money spent in 2011!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,5/1/2012,760,197,16,20,19>Sotto or Picca.....SOTTO of course!! Two words - PORK BELLY: yelp.com/user_local_phot…Picca may have the hype from its Test Kitchen owner (you can read my review on it here: yelp.com/biz/picca-los-a…) but Sotto win out with its delicious food bar none. Dark wood, vintage lights sets the tone for a sexy, rustic ambiance when you step down to this basement establishment.Small bites? Or medium bites? Or perhaps you are in the mood for something more hearty? Or an oven fresh pizza? They've got them all!! yelp.com/user_local_phot… yelp.com/user_local_phot… Choosing what your heart and stomach wants is an agonizing task.To try, bf and I got the following:Tomato Braised Octopus: yelp.com/user_local_phot… This would be a great dish if you like octopus, tender, perfectly braised and full of bold flavor.Slow Roasted Neck of Lamb: yelp.com/user_local_phot… Another bold dish. The neck of lamb was melt-in-your-mouth tender. I could do without the lima beans.Squid Ink Fusilli Lunghi: yelp.com/user_local_phot… I've been obsessed over squid ink pastas ever since I've had the best squid ink risotto in Croatia. This was not there yet, but very good non-the-less. I liked the creaminess of the fusilli contrasting the crunchy texture of the pistachios baked atop.Margherita Pizza: yelp.com/user_local_phot… LOVE, LOVED this pizza. Fresh dough, sweet oregano, hot cheesy mozzarella. Bellissima *Air kiss*And the best dish of the evening goes to....*Drum Rolls*Crispy Pork Belly: yelp.com/user_local_phot… and here is the close up of the glorious piece of marble again yelp.com/user_local_phot… !!! How can you not fall in love with the tender meat layered in fat and the perfectly charred crispy top?!?! I die......After all of that food I seriously don't have any more room for dessert, but somehow I've managed to shift the pork to the side of my belly and made a little pocket (kinda like the hotdog eating contest where contestants wiggle the wieners down) for a little sweet treat.  Bittersweet Chocolate Crostata: yelp.com/user_local_phot… a dark chocolate lover's happy ending. Pun intended ;)I can't wait to go back and try more deliciousness at Sotto.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2011,4/30/2012,594,225,27,28,27>A Princess Walks Into a Bar...This place is a hole in the wall.Actually I've seen holes in walls that were bigger than this bar.  But despite the small size, The place is popping and the music is rocking!Local bands and acoustic acts play here every day,Last nite I saw a Bob Dylan look alike rock out with his cock out.Just kidding, ladies and gentle-gays,There was no cock.  :(However!!There IS a juke box that's awesome enough to write to home about.Just put your quarters in the slot and,Hellooooo Patsy Cline, Otis Redding and Etta James!The owner, Rod, makes you feel welcome.The bartenders are nice and the drinks are stiff.Actually, I made up the 2nd part.  I don't drink so I wouldn't know.Anyway, Cinema Bar, you are a true neighborhood dive and I wuv you.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,4/29/2012,1441,859,32,32,35>THE SERVING SPOON MADE ME HAPPY AS A CLAM IN HIGH TIDE!!!   Their food is soooooo good, I wanna slap my grandma!  They serve up some UNREAL delicious food!  I would give this place 1,504,304 stars if I could - never mind the 5 star review!  Mooooove over all you other Soul Food restaurants in Los Angeles!  The biggest star in town is THE SERVING SPOON!!!I was invited to have a delightful PYE/UYE brunch today with fellow Yelpers Lucy P. and Roy E.  Also joining us was Lynne, our Yelper-In-Training friend.  We met at 11:30 a.m. and the restaurant was still PACKED!  (I say still, because this place has some very long and great hours!).  When we sat in the lobby, we were greeted by this SUPER friendly host, Shawn (who was sporting some cool Coach boots!) and Angela the cashier and other host (and the owner's hard-working wife)!  We were given the best seat in the house and away we went with the feast!!!!*Everyone* in the restaurant (hostess, cashier, server, owner, other customers) told me to order the catfish!  I was telling everyone that I grew up in Hawaii and *hated* catfish.  BUT, I ordered it because I wanted to try the best dish of the restaurant.  I was glad that I did.   You can order your catfish either whole (no head, but still served with tail and bones) or as a fillet (one nice long piece of catfish).  The fish was breaded and fried.  The Lunch special comes with a choice of two sides (Collard Greens, Mac & Cheese, Blackeye Peas, Yams, Green beans, red beans & rice, etc).  I got the Collard Greens and blackeye peas (because everyone raved about them).   HOT DAMN - I had the best dish of the house!  The fish was cripsy outside and super juicy inside.  I ate it with the hot sauce at the table.  The  Collard Greens were the BEST I've ever had - a generous portion of greens that were tender and flavorful!  The Blackeye Peas were super flavorful and tender - again the best I've ever had!  This comes with a side of cornbread and honey.  Grade:  A+My lunch special came with a bowl of Chicken Soup (or salad), which was outstanding.  It was chicken soup made with those curly-twisty pasta, served with tons of veggies and chicken pieces.  The soup hit the spot and was bursting with flavors!  Fun to eat, and home made from scratch!  Grade:  A-.Lucy P. ordered the fried chicken wings and was super nice enough to share one with me.  YUMMOLICIOUS!  Those chicken wings were superb and were super cripsy on the outside and tender juicy on the inside.   Her order came with 5-6 wings and two sides.  Grade:  A!Roy E. made veryone at the table jealous because he ordered the Rambo breakfast - complete with thick bacon, eggs, a waffle, and other breakfast stuff.  A winner looking breakfast!Closing off our brunch, Lucy P. ordered us each a serving of the peach cobbler.  OMG - This was one of the best peach cobblers that I've had in a long time.  Server Lauren came to the table and asked if we wanted whipped cream on top - OF COURSE!!!  Laugh!  She piled it on and made a delicious dessert right in front of us.  The cobbler had the right amount of sugar and cinnamon in it.  There was plenty of fruit and a nice balance of crust all melded into a wonderful cup of that delicious goodness!   I'm gonna be dreaming of this peach cobbler tonight.  Grade:  A+We must have been the LOUDEST table in the restaurant.  When our food first came, a very prominent gentleman from the next table said "Your food looks really delicious.  I heard it is delicious...".  After poking fun back and forth for a few seconds, I realized that he was the young entrepreneurial owner of the restaurant - J.C.   When I called him out on the table, we all had a huge laugh!  He was super friendly, welcoming, and fun to talk with.   He gave us a bit of the history of the restaurant.  He even took our pictures with his cell phone AND ORDERED US A ROUND OF FREE CHAMPAGNE!!!!   Hollah!!!!  (He almost convinced me to not go back to work, because the food here was sooooo good!).J.C. (owner), Angela (owner, cashier, JC's better half), Shawn (hostess with a cute smile), and Lauren (super friendly and great server) - thanks for making our UYE / PYE such a fun time.  I wanted to stay longer but had to rush out for a meeting.  I would have stayed longer to just hang out.   Service was outstanding.  Food was delicious.  I've got tons of great memories of this place and will be back with my work colleagues to try this place again!Lucy P &  Roy E - I FINALLY get to meet you both.  Let's brunch again really soon!Fellow Yelpers - YOU GOTTA TRY THIS PLACE!  Your soul will thank you for it!  After eating at  The Serving Spoon, my soul is singing praises!!!Food Grade:  A!Service Grade:  A++++++!Overall Impression Grade:  A+HOLLAH!  HOLLAH!  HOLLAH!  HOLLAH!  HOLLAH!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,4/28/2012,3170,1316,22,25,24>**MARRY ME, MADAME CHOU CHOU"Yes, it sorta looked like a fortune teller place from the front.But when you're eating in the back patio, it's effing magical.Dim lighting.Chandeliers.Thievery Corporation.French food.Come on now.ORDERED:*DAILY SOUP ($8) - Fresh corn soup. Beautiful aroma. Wonderfully tasted.*LAMB SHANK $24) - Foie gras, polenta, fennel, and white asparagus tasted surreal. Fresh, made from scratch, and French bistro home made style. Oui oui in my mouth.*GOAT CHEESE AND FIG START ($8) - Muthafawker amazing. Different, yet it worked well. Dessert bliss. I loved the service, the prices, the food, and over all patio ambiance.And yes, the music. Even the music was good.I loved this place.Marry me, Madame Chou Chou.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,4/26/2012,635,744,10,11,10>Wow! West LA events have been off the hizzle lately! I was excited about this one long before I got in.... I love the Wine House already, live down the street, and already knew what excellent company I'd be in. I'd met so many great people at the West Restaurant CMYE and other events that I knew I was in for a fantastic time!I already knew about the Wine House's super scary parking lot on the second level, so I was happy to see a parking attendant there. We were welcomed and given a choice of cocktails (one with bourbon, another with vodka and strawberries) and a wine sampling glass upon entrance. I'd never tried Tito's Handmade Vodka and was glad I got the chance to, but I looooooved the bourbon cocktail. I enjoyed way too many of these; there was never a line and it was easy to walk up, grab one, and keep on mingling. This was probably my favorite photobooth of all Yelp events I've been to. Great prop selection, the photographer was sooooo nice (even when we became louder and kept going back to the booth for more), we received cut photo strips on the spot and enough for the group, and such high quality. Plus the booth was so cool-looking too. Mental note taken if I ever have engaged or party-throwing friends who ask me for recs.I'd dined at Upstairs 2 a few years ago, but had never tried any of the  hors d'oeuvres that were passed around. The black truffled potato quesadilla and the seared tuna on cucumbers were my fave. There was more than enough for everyone to try everything throughout the night, and the servers were extremely nice and friendly. When we were offered a vegetarian sample, I happened to point out William H. across the room and comment that he had just mentioned to me that he was looking for more veggie options. The server finished serving us, and went straight across the room to offer him a sample. I thought that was really nice. The desserts were out of this world too! The truffles, the bread pudding bites, and the brownies.... ohhh, the brownies.... they were really my idea of a perfect brownie, chewy, moist, thick, and chocolatey rich. I would have grabbed a handful for my purse on the way out, but wine tasting is a classy activity and we should act that way. Wine tasting tables, showcasing wines from around the world, were set up around the perimeter of the room and also in another tent outside (that also had heating!) Like another yelper said, the servers were just so dang nice. Friendly, knowledgeable, and I probably learned as much in those 2 hours as I would have on any wine-tasting weekend. Thank you, Brittany B, for another amazing treat of a night! Shout-outs to my Yelp Elite Friends facebook crew, my UniCamp girls from the undergrad days (always great to see you lovely ladies), all of the staff at the Wine House and Upstairs 2, and my DD. I left very, very "happy."
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,4/25/2012,167,191,12,12,15>Yorgos has one of the best breakfast burritos around for under $5 you get your choice of either bacon or sausage breakfast monstrosity.I tend to go with the bacon burrito without salsa, pico de galla, and its delish. The burrito usually comes with eggs, cheese, your choice of bacon or sausage, hash browns and pico de gallo. Yorgo does not skimp with the portions. I only eat half and I'm super stuffed. This place is more of a drive thru kinda joint than a sit down fast casual in my book.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,4/24/2012,861,371,42,15,15>Oh Chad!He was so hard. He made my body do things I didn't know it could do. I was so sweaty. The lights were off. I bent forward into the dog position. He stroked my back. I moaned. Then he turned the lights on and I remembered I was at yoga. Damn. .
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,4/23/2012,1126,245,21,16,15>Let's not get it twisted, Dragon Palace...# of actual dragons at Dragon Palace = 0# of palatial qualities embodied by Dragon Palace = 0Value of food and service = off the heezyFirst of all, there are no dragons, okay? There are some pretty plump goldfish cruising around in an aquarium, but for a place whose namesake is derived from mythical, fire-breathing creatures I found the volume of dragons to be severely lacking. Not to further dash your hopes but, in terms of the Palace itself, the ratio of palatial qualities is equal to the ratio of actual dragons at Dragon Palace. This is a hole-in-the-wall dining room (25x25 perhaps?) crammed into the corner of a tiny strip mall. There are no wizards, no jesters, no damsels in distress, no ermine and pantyhose wearing lords singing tralala and hey nanny nanny with a lute accompaniment, no powdered wigs, no jousts, and no arranged marriages. There are certainly no round tables, no dungeons, and (most disappointingly) no dragons!!!But they do serve a damn tasty hot & sour soup and the lo mein was fantastic, and all for much less than a king's ransom.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,4/22/2012,598,190,18,14,17>My first impression was: Berlin doesn't feel like a Long Beach coffeehouse. Well, yes, ok, its name obviously implies something much more Germanic, but I honestly think it might just as well have been named after the band Berlin. Maybe the proprietors (the folks behind Portfolio Coffeehouse) are big fans of riding the Metro.In any case, Berlin's aesthetic is so different from other local coffeeshops; it's open, airy, and modern whereas most other coffee joints go for comfy, cozy, kitschy. Not that one is better than the other, it's just refreshing. It feels more like a San Francisco or Portland coffeehouse than a SoCal one. Is that blasphemous? I'm sorry; hush, little baby, there there. Everything's going to be alright.I really don't take my coffee that seriously; in fact, I come here as much for the food as the coffee, but even more so for the ambiance. I really like sitting here to have a leisurely cup of coffee and just reading or people watching. It's a great setting for whiling away the time, especially given that it's adjacent/attached to Fingerprints. I'm not even a big coffeehouse guy and I've been coming here just to hang out. Obviously, the downside to having such a cool space is that, UGH, other people inevitably will patronize it too, sometimes even RIGHT AT THE VERY SAME TIME AS YOU. This can complicate your experience in the sense that there might not be seats available, and even when you snag a table, there might be people who may be so inconsiderate as to have ACTUAL CONVERSATIONS around you. Do your best to soldier on, though, and maybe just put on your earbuds and drown their talk out. (Now, if you're one of those jerks who treats your bluetooth like a megaphone... You seriously are the worst.. Just please, kindly stay the fuck away from Berlin, or any coffeehouse, or, really, any public place. Thank you SO much.)
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,4/21/2012,306,419,15,16,15>Finding a Halloween costume is one part planning and two parts luck. I possess neither a desire to plan nor any luck, so Halloween shopping is always particulary painful. Thankfully, CopperMoon was there to make the whole experience a tad less gruesome (although they also specialize in gruesome, if that's what you're looking for).While not as large as some of those other Halloween pop-ups, this South Bay locale boasts a diverse selection that's well-organized. I'm sure things won't be as tidy when the incredibly loud children show up in October with their Mummys and Deadys, but it's nice to see that they don't have costumes and acessories all horribly piled on top of eachother.Surrounded by skeletons, zombies and plenty of things that go bump in the night, the real stand out here is the service. Whether you have plenty of questions, or need some help to refine that costume idea, these folks are more than eager to send you in the right direction and help you meet your ghoul.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,4/20/2012,542,312,13,17,17>Two tickets to Cirque du Soleil IRIS!!Thanks Brittany B.!It was especially amazing to be offered these tickets right when we checked in considering Camellia C. was talking about how much she wanted to go see IRIS the night before. I didn't quite know how to react, as I was a little stupefied like a Harry Potter enchantment but Camellia C. was so excited, so so excited. The other neat thing was be able to try all the Vita Coco which from all the hype I was hearing, it definitely was something I had been wanting to finally try. They were giving them away practically by the box!The food was also delicious and I really liked the sliders. Plus the ice cream cookies from Cookie n Cream were chock full of ice cream barely contained by those sweet and delicious cookies. Basically an ice cream/ cookie lover's dream.The Malibu and Vine location was serene (kudos to the couple that opened up their prestigious golf resort to us) and I'm glad I had a chance to soak it all in with everyone dressed so elegantly in their best whites.We were late and the drive was long but when we finally got there it was so worth it!
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,4/19/2012,184,711,17,23,18>THE BEST SAMOSAS I'VE EVER HAD OMG OMG OMG.  Yeah, yeah, the lunch buffet was freakin' delicious and fresh, and uber tasty, but holy smokes, the veggie samosas are insane.  I've always liked samosas but I had no idea they could taste like this... India's Tandoori serves 'em up big, fat, fried, and salty as all hell.  The salt is what made it so stellar, and it added that kick that made all the flavors come together so well. So simple, yet so wonderful. Get them! Other buffet items were great as well, and I loved that they had lots of veggie options (duh, its Indian food!).  Buffet costs $10.50, and sure, you can get a cheaper lunch, and you can even get a cheaper Indian buffet, but i'm sure the reason its a few bucks more is the meat selection; goat, lamb, and chicken are staples in the buffet and theres a good selection of meat laden dishes.  Good for you, bad for me (veg all the way, baby). Another thing I LOVED was the huge fresh fruit selection.  Melons, pineapple, and seriously the FRESHEST most succulent mango I've ever tasted.  Even after I stuffed myself silly I found room for a giant plate of mango......but I didnt have to feel guilty about it. score.  Endless garlic naan = win. Lunch time is super crowded and you may have to wait for a table, but theres a marshalls next door where you can kill some time if need be.  Also, did I mention that we were one of two white couples there? Everyone else was Indian - always a good sign! This place is legit!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,4/18/2012,1137,317,17,28,26>Without a doubt, the Misfit is my favorite restaurant on the west side.Ever since it opened many months ago, I've had the opportunity to try so many dishes. The Prime Rib Sliders melts in your mouth. The Lobster sliders with the aholi sauce is the perfect texture. The Scottish BBQ Salmon with argula is simply amazing! It has a glaze that's to die for! And their all their salads are filling and flavorful. I love the Gimlet. I love the Yellow Jacket. And I love love love their happy hour!I can go on and on about the food and drink menu.But in this review, I want to bring attention to their service. On my most recent visit with the BF, one of the dishes we ordered was the Chickpea Wraps. I've always loved them. They are spicy, filling, and have an amazing texture. However, when the dish arrived, I found that the Misfit recently updated the dish. The ones that came out were nothing what I expected. The Chickpeas were whole, mixed with a ton of carrots, and quite frankly, bland. I felt the flavor and consistency wasn't there. The dish fell below my expectation and was underwhelming.I voiced my concerns to the server. She was immediately apologetic, saying that the dish was recently revised due to unsavory feedback. She asked me if I wanted another dish instead. Since the bf and I had OVO to catch at 8pm, we declined the offer. Later, Ashley, the manager on duty, also came over and apologized again about the wraps. She said that she wanted us to be happy with our meal and our opinions mattered.Needless to say, the bf and I felt like rockstars!!This experience reinforced why I absolutely adore this place.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,4/17/2012,1000,341,22,24,23>Alright guys, here's a tip.  You want to dig through some secondhand racks that ain't so great but might administer a hidden gem or two, head to Crossroads, heart of Santa Monica tourist zone.  You want some high-quality duds on the not-so-cheap-but-given-their-original-price-are-a-­steal?  Hello, Buffalo.Just a little backstory, this used to be located in Westwood, where parking is a labyrinth and the store itself was the size of your mom's walk-in closet.  The move to Santa Monica came as result of the location's sales lows during the summer, when all the students went home.  The stock in this little boutique was glorious.  Small, but worth its weight in... cotton?  Whatever clothes are made of.  Don't know; I just buy them.The *new* store carries that same fabulous stock, times 1.5ish! Yeah, the new store's not too much larger than the old.  It will suffice, though.  Why?  Because I got a freaking Wildfox tank here that I've been wanting for the past half-year for $15!!!  This staff knows how to buy merchandise, and I praise them for it.  Now I can head down the street to Urth Caffe looking just as rich as every other white girl in the place.  Back-to-school shopping: accomplished.Right now they have this dealio going on where, should you choose to forgo your plastic bag, you will receive one 5-cent token to be donated to one of three charity boxes in the front of the store.  Aww, how Santa Monica-y.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,4/16/2012,2282,550,19,26,18>Seriously, the best shaved ice I've ever had and I've had a ton of shaved ice. In fact, I'm not even a fan of shaved ice, but Blockheads has made me a believer. Their ice is so soft and fluffy, it's not even like your typical shaved ice. More like buttery, flakey snowy goodness. I had the black sesame with rice balls and coconut puree. OMFG. Heaven in a bowl!! The black sesame may sound weird, but it's really, really good. It has a unique flavor that is hard to describe. Kinda sweet, but not overly sweet. I also tried the taro, but it wasn't as good and didn't really taste like taro. My friend had the plain with mango puree and mango. It was good, but not as good as the black sesame!Tip: If you check in on Foursquare, you get a free topping when you order a regular with a topping. Good deal! Regular is $3.50 and toppings are 50 cents each.Pix- bit.ly/vV4noE
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,4/15/2012,209,142,18,23,20>West Hollywood has lots of cool restaurants and Marco's Trattoria joins the list. We met friends for a fun dinner. Marco's was the perfect mix of relaxed atmosphere, super service, and Italian classics.Traffic on Santa Monica was crazy, but we easily found a meter spot in a lot behind the restaurant. We also found out later that there was free parking across the side street in a strip mall, so, I guess choose whatever is easiest.I loved the Pizza Mamma with lots of pesto and chicken. It's a white pizza (without red sauce) and the pesto was the real star. I'd come back for it anytime.Our meal was full of Italian favorites. Mine was a stuffed chicken breast and angel hair pasta called Chicken Involtina. It's a sweet pasta thanks to a marsala sauce. The chicken was stuffed with mushrooms, peppers, cheese, and asparagus. Yum.We got two desserts and both were the best way to end a meal. Marco's tiramisu was so good I didn't want to share and a homemade strawberry gelato was creamy.Marco's Trattoria was a perfect place for a fun night.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,4/14/2012,1682,713,21,28,24>Wow, definitely one of THE BEST burger joints I've ever experienced!After reading many reviews of The Standing Room, I knew I just had to go check it out for myself.  I knew it was located in a liquor store somewhere in Redondo but had no idea where.  I finally had an urge for a burger one night and busted out my trusty Yelp app and GPS navigation, I was on my merry way!  I was directed to the liquor store and realized it was located less than 5 minutes from where I lived and was in the liquor store on the route that I normally use to get to my gym. "Oh, it's in there?" I said to myself. "Cool."I quickly parked in the parking lot and was excited about finally experiencing this highly-rated eatery.  I walked in and was directed to the back of the store by the guy at the cashier.  They listed the various offerings at the counter.  "Wow", I thought to myself, "they have a lot of different choices here".  Not only did they offer burgers but they also listed a gourmet sandwich called Portabello Mushroom Sammie.  Not only that, a delicious-sounding Thai Crab Crusted Salmon plate was on the list as well as plates called Short Rib, Fried Chicken or Braised Pork Belly plate!  My gosh, I wanted to try everything!  "Okay", I said to myself, "you came here for a burger so that's what you're going to get".  I decided I'll have to definitely be back to try some of the other offerings at my next visit. I finally settled on The Dressed burger which was described as a  1/2 Pound pattie, bacon, caramelized onion, arugula, bleu cheese, gruyere cheese, fried egg, tomato, jam and Korean ailoi! Just writing this again makes me crave a burger all over again.I also picked up side of Parmesan Truffle Fries because it sounded sooo good and you always have to have fries with a burger, right?After placing an order, I was given a ticket and told to pay for it at the front cashier of the liquor store and wait until my number was called.  It took about 30 minutes or more as I and the other diners all waited patiently while watching the workers buzzing around behind the counter preparing our orders.  I realized this wasn't a fast food burger experience, that's for sure."97!" the order taker called out and I rushed to retrieve my prize which was packed nicely in a brown bag.  I was given napkins and a tub of ketchup was also placed in my bag.  "Thanks" I told the guy as he half-smiled and hurriedly went to retrieve the next order.I rushed back home with my meal and while driving could smell the various ingredients which made me salivate more.  Finally arriving home, I quickly unwrapped my prize and that's where I saw it...a beautiful-looking burger ready to be devoured yelp.com/user_local_phot…I could hardly bite into it as it was a really hefty burger but when I did, I knew at that moment that I was now a fan like everyone else.  All the flavors melded together to give me one of the best tasting burgers I've had in my life.  I quickly tried one of the Parmesan Truffle Fries and gave out a delighted moan because it was so delicious too.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…I managed to finish both the burger and fries because the flavors just made me want to take one bite after another without stopping. I have to give kudos to the guys at The Standing Room because they created a winner with this food concept and their offerings and I can now see why everyone is raving about this place.  In fact, as I finish writing this review, I'm going to go back there now because I'm reminded of how awesome the burger and fries were and can't wait to have it again!  Yes folks, it's THAT good...
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,4/13/2012,1821,475,46,36,40>If you're looking for milk tea in the South Bay then there's no better place than Yami Teahouse, and to illustrate my love for Yami I've created a little comic for you to enjoy...Do you trust me?     Well...that depends    \                            /    O                         O   / | \                       / | \   /  \                        /  \--------------------------------------------------   M                         CDepends? OMG      Yeah I guess we are I thought we             but sometimes youwere BFF's...            play tricks on me.    \                            /    O                        O   / | \                      / | \   /  \                       /  \--------------------------------------------------   M                         CWhatever. You          Yeah but why do I feel like you're goingknow i love you.        to trick me. Like the time you gave meWe're besties!           a dog biscuit and told me it was a cookie   \                               /            O                          O         / | \                        / | \           /  \                         /  \--------------------------------------------------   M                          CC'mon you know its not like thatI just want to know if you trust meI love you man...        \                              OK fine then I trust you...         O                      O          / | \                    / | \    /  \                    /  \--------------------------------------------------   M                       CGreat! Now open your   No way man! Last time you told me to do  mouth and close your    that you squirted something all over my  eyes. (muahahaha)       face and I ended up with pinkeye...    \                                 /    O                             O   / | \                           / | \   /  \                            /  \--------------------------------------------------   M                             CDon't worry. This time     Fine. Here goes nothing...I swear that you're          AHHHHHHHHHHHHHgonna LOVE it!               (opens mouth really big)    \                                  /    O                           O   / | \                         / | \   /  \                          /  \--------------------------------------------------   M                           C(pours ice cold jasmine    Gulp Gulp Gulp milk tea in C's mouth)      Gulp Gulp...YUM!!!     \                                   /    O                              O   / | \                            / | \   /  \                             /  \--------------------------------------------------    M                              CSee I told you that it    OMG that was so good. wasn't a trick...            Where did you get that stuff?     \                                   /    O                              O   / | \                            / | \   /  \                             /  \--------------------------------------------------    M                              CYami Teahouse! Its the      WOW! That was amazing! I lovenew cool place to go for    Yami Teahouse. That was theboba in the South Bay.      best surprise EVER!  Do it again!!!     \                                    /    O                               O   / | \                             / | \   /  \                              /  \--------------------------------------------------    M                               COn top of their awesome selection of boba milk teas, and other drinks, Yami also serves up some delicious grub, and tons of awesome snacks like popcorn chicken. I recently had lunch at Yami, this past weekend and they were rocking a free milk tea with purchase of any entree special so like any fat kid I took them up on this offer.  Needless to say the food was amazing and so was my tea...Thank you Ciara G, Isabelle F, and of course my brother Raphael C. for aligning my food compass to point directly towards Yami!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,4/12/2012,1712,1003,52,58,57>GET THE CAPISTRAMI!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I cannot stress how much the CAPISTRAMI is the best thing on the menu!!!!! I know that the Bobbie has gotten a lot of hype, esp after it's been Guy Fieried- but the REAL specialty in my opinion is their PASTRAMI!!!  Their large is A WHOLE 20 INCHES, which is always what dude and i get now- so we can save the rest for later. The capistrami comes on a lovely soft bread, plenty of thinly sliced pastrami, cheese, russian dressing and SLAW which makes the sammie awesome. I felt they could have added a little more slaw to my sammie at this location, but it was still good since they didn't skimp on the meat at all. I don't hate on the Bobbie, cuz it's a good sammie, but i think it's a hit or miss.The Bobbie is like a thanksgiving day sammie with turkey, cran and stuffing and IT IS SERVED COLD. If u really want to get this one instead of their pastrami, i would recommend highly that u ask them to HEAT IT UP FOR YOU which they will. SlawBeJoe is yum too, which is like the capistrami but with roast beef. They also have a couple of salad options and Vegetarian menu as well. Warning- the cheesesteaks have spicy peppers. Staff was really nice, even came out to see how we were doing. This location is SUPER TINY- it's in the shopping plaza across from the SouthBay Galleria, near Coldstones and Shoeteria. You can text the words CAPSLA to 90210 to get monthly deals like a free drink or chips.I like this location better than the bev hills location. I think the best Caps are in Las Vegas, but this one in the Southbay does a great job as well!
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,4/11/2012,4014,2434,30,34,31>***Santouka Ramen is a good ramen spot; the ramen is good (they do a great job with the noodles, broth and the garnishes); the side rice bowls are also satisfying***Santouka Ramen is a very well respected ramen spot in the food court at the Mitsuwa Marketplace.  This location is on Centinela near Culver City.  This was my first visit though I've been to the Torrance location a few times.The menu is pretty much the same--ramen bowls in an option of broths like salt and spicy miso as well as rice bowls.  I opted for one of their ramen sets, which included a small bowl of ramen, a baby leek rice bowl and an hard boiled egg (in some kind of soy flavoring).The ramen was good.  The noodles were nicely cooked--not too soft (some of the noodles did clump together, which does not seem to happen at the Torrance location).  The broth was flavorful.I've always liked the garnishes at Santouka Ramen in Torrance and the garnishes here were just as good.  There was a piece of tender pork as well as toasted sesame seeds, Japanese mushrooms and bamboo shoots.The rice bowl was also satisfying.  It was topped with some dried fish, baby leeks and some tofu.  The rice bowl was also seasoned with a little bit of sauce.The egg was just okay (I actually would have preferred a regular, non-flavored egg).Service was quick.Prices are good here.  You can get a good and filling lunch for under $10.I am not a huge ramen fan, but Santouka is a very good ramen spot.  The ramen is good (not too oily or salty) and I really like the garnishes.  The side rice bowls are also a good complement to the ramen.  Santouka is definitely one to check out if you are a ramen fan.Mitsuwa Marketplace is located in a retail plaza that has its own free parking lot.  Though there are a lot of spaces, parking can be difficult to find during peak times.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,4/10/2012,330,1259,14,13,15>If you haven't tried the jalapeño bacon cheddar flavor.  You have not lived, my friend.Sounds gross, doesn't it?  If by gross, you mean insanely mind blowing and life altering, then yes.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,4/9/2012,2568,1290,10,25,16>Michelin Stars #25 and 26We ordered the Carte Blanche and it was a great meal, but was a notch below all the other Los Angeles two star restaurants.  Most dishes were superb, the wine pairings were top notch, but there were a couple misses. 1. Tomatoes: In jelly and covered in goat cheese and crushed pistachios. The latter of which I will be stealing to make at home. Both were very refreshing.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…2.  Oyster: Topped with melon, ginger, and basil, I didn't think the flavors would work but they did. Fruit and oysters was a great and sweet combination.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…3. Mackerel: Another great bite. Topped with god knows what, it continued the theme of light and tasty dishes.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…4. Corn Veloute: The best dishes of the night. This was the first of many dishes, where one of the servers proceeded to shave a large portion of truffles onto the dish. The "soup" was light, airy, rich, creamy, deep, and earthy all at once. It was truly great.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…5. Caviar and Egg: A classic combination that was executed perfectly. The American Ostetra went perfectly with the poached egg, and the lemon crème fraiche added just the right amount of brightness. yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…6. Tomato Salad: The smallest and best I've ever had.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…7. Trio of Foie Gras: Three tiny preparations of foie, seared, mousse, and pate. The pate was the best by far while the other two were just par. Of course "par" for foie gras = delicious. yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…8. Artichoke Risotto: The four bites of perfect risotto was more than enough to satisfy me. And of course the added heaping of truffles helped as well. yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…9. Spot Prawn: The major miss of the night. It was quite over cooked, resulting in tough and chewy meat. Talking to a friend who was there the night before, he too had an over cooked shrimp. yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…10. Fish and Uni: Good combo but nothing amazing, it was just okay.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…11. Rabbit and Cherries: Another "good" dish that fell short of "OMG!" The rabbit was prepared in three ways and was tasty, just not mind blowing.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…12. Iberico Pork Shoulder: Iberico pork is known to be the best pig in the world. Here it was a large chunk, cooked very rare! It was actually pretty good but didn't really taste like pork. If anything its flavor was closer to beef. It was good, but again not amazing.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…13. Cheese: Between us we had 8 types of cheese. Maybe it was us, maybe it was the cheese monger, but only 1 out of 8 was great. It's hard to know what you like when presented with a cart of two dozen cheeses. yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…14. Strawberry Yogurt: The first dessert was a nice way to ease out of savory and into the sweets. It was light and fluffy and not overly sweet. This was a win.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…15. Chocolate Quad: Chocolate overload for sure. At this point we were both pretty full and had trouble finishing this one (4 hours of eating will do that). This was a tough transition from the last dish as this was its polar opposite in the world of sweets. All four items were super rich, heavy, and sweet. But all were great as well. yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…16. Peaches and Ginger Beer: Back to light and refreshing. This was pretty good, but not ground breaking.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…17. Petits Fours: Honestly, I could barely eat these I was so full. But the few mini bites I had were nice.yelp.com/biz_photos/2wg_…Overall it was a great meal. But if I had to choose between coming back here or going back to Providence, Spago, or Urasawa, I would choose one of the other three. The other downer was that we asked for a copy of the menu and wine parings and they never gave us the wine list. We called back over the next few days and were told they would get it for us, but they never did. Sad, since we wanted to get some for home.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,4/7/2012,852,267,8,8,8>I went last night for the first time in a long while.  It's been way too long!!Food - FIVE STARS!!  Mouth watering beef brisket, fire sauce, perfect corn on the cob, sexy creamed spinach (yes I said sexy) and light, fresh, WARM cornbread.  If you like BBQ this is your place.Service - Never thought it could get better, but they really are the friendliest employees in LA.  Sunny personalities, efficient, correct orders, great manners.  You guys rock!I am pretty sure I gained 5 lbs last night, but I'm also pretty sure it was worth it.  ;)
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,4/6/2012,980,260,7,18,16>Imagine you're stuck between two parts of yourself. The wimpy, whiny, play-it-safe person you are & the hardcore, anything-goes, never-give-up person you are. That was me when I first started Crossfit 310. But that's the past. I can now say with 100% confidence that I'm much, much closer to my hardcore, anything-goes, never-give-up self. Crossift has become so much more than a workout for me. It has become my safe place. My family. My constant. My sanity. Crossfit (310) has allowed me to break down the false pillars I've built myself on all these years, based on other people's thoughts, opinions and expectations of me and has given me the tools and the strength to recreate a solid foundation in which I have the potential & the power to face my deepest and darkest fears head on and become the person I know I was meant to be. It has also given me a flatter stomach, a tighter booty & a faster run with deeper longer breaths, but that's beside the point I'm really trying to make. I've honestly lost count of all the ways that Crossfit has changed my life for the better. I cannot thank Kris and all of the Crossfit 310 family enough for the encouragement, support and challenges. I'm a better person because of it.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,4/5/2012,335,545,12,8,8>I won't lie.I ordered $46 worth of Chinese food from this place to cheer up a man I know.There's nothing like a hot lady coupled with Chinese food delicacies to make a boy feel right at home. And that's advice you can trust, yelpers.(Seriously though, really good food at this joint. Not kidding.)
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,4/4/2012,630,220,6,10,7>Like:Tim Burton Exhibit (MUST SEE)!Dislike:NoneNote:Buy your tickets online, DO NOT wait to purchase them at the door. Here's why: SCENARIO 1: buy tickets online ($22) = 15-20 minute wait at the door to get to the exhibit (me and my crew).SCENARIO 2: buy tickets at the door ($20) = 1-2 hour wait at the door to get to the exhibit (angry people watching us pass them by). If you are going to purchase a membership, Google "LACMA coupons" and you might be able to find 15-20% coupons for LACMA memberships. New LACMA members get a free ticket to the Tim Burton Exhibit.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,4/3/2012,159,453,9,9,9>It took some time to grow on me, but the more food conscious I become, the more in love I fall with Erewhon.To start, there's plenty of free parking in the garage next door.  I get serious parking anxiety, so if I don't have to think twice about it when I'm going somewhere, I'm already in a zen state of mind.The selection and options are out of this world.  When I would stop by in the past just to browse, I'd often be overwhelmed by all these "weird" and "expensive" foods, and just run over to Ralph's to pick up some tortilla chips.  Now that I know better, I can confidently put down some serious change for a bag of raw corn chips from Leaf Organics, while grabbing some dulse flakes and chlorella tablets.So yes, be prepared to spend some money.  I go in knowing exactly what I'm looking for, usually after having failed to find it at Trader Joe's or Whole Foods.  And then, while I'm there, I let myself pick up one new thing that catches my eye and give it a whirl.  Stinkey Monkey Pudding?  I am so in love with you.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,4/2/2012,547,454,9,10,10>DEEEEELIZZZA! 1) weekend night 2) already couch potatoes3) having started with mimosas and beer for brunch......pizza delivery. Ordered a large pepperoni and cheese. I must say, it was slow - I really started annoying myself with the kid-in-car but adult-at-home "is it here yet?" Once it arrived though, the box opened up to waves of cheesy heaven.I LOVE how the crust was dusted with herbs of all sorts. Piping hot, a tad spicy, and deliciousness through and through. Did I mention how great it is to also support mom n' pop pizza shops?
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,4/1/2012,235,206,8,10,9>Love at first bite...I have a lot to say, but I need to prioritize and spare you the drama. Here it goes this place meets my every need! Great place for anything symbolic of good taste and simplicity at its finest. The dishes selected where made with creativity, appealing to my eyes and seductive to my palate. This place is big on freshness and keen on perfection! I had the seafood salad which I believe had the right amount of everything, please refer to my picture b/c words alone will not suffice this dish. Lets move on to the crepes which is what brought us all here anyway. I had the ZIDANE which had seriously fresh bananas & strawberries mixed in some warm nutella & folded by a delicate tasting blanket Crepe that allows you to put the cold vanilla ice cream right in the center so it melts perfectly as you stick your fork and go in for the kill! My friend had the SAVOUREUSE which had vanilla ice cream, nutella & some fresh MANGOLISH, total yum status! OK what is my point?At the end of it all my goal here is to raise awareness in the yelping community as not all crepes are created equal. The service was great and efficient, but the food will allow you to GO WITH A SMILE =)
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2011,3/31/2012,546,462,8,12,8>What a great place for some GRUBBIN! You have Pinks and Cupids, but they have nothing on The Chef's Table. From the chef that can grill cardboard and make it good, when he has great hot dogs, he makes them taste like heaven.The condiments from the homemade chili and the jalapeños, to the onions, mustard, ketchup, hotdogs, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!, I am still drooling and recovering.This is a great place with a great chef that knows how to handle the grill.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,3/30/2012,923,326,12,14,13>Amongst the sea of mediocrity in terms of dining in the City of Culver, Ford's Filling Station is a gem and is by far my fave place to dine at in CC - it's always been very consistent, the service is over the moon and the small plates for sharing are great. This place is wonderful for Brunch too and a great place to meet with friends, due to its refined, yet casual atmosphere. The name itself sounds like a dude-ranch that serves boy food, but on the contrary I'd underestimated its smart, simple yet sophisticated menu. On this occasion, we ordered the following items: * Wild Mushroom, Fontina and Caramelized Onion Flatbread - Wow! They don't mess around w/ their portions. The thinly crusted house made dough was light, airy and had the exact chewiness to its texture I adored. * Charcuterie Plate of Three Cured Meats - I heart Salami!! We ordered three different types. Both spicy and mild. I'm not much of a meat eater, but I could dig into salami like no ones business. * Cheese Plate of Cowgirl Creamery and Hook's 5 Year Cheddar - there was one more selection but I don't recall. * Grilled Octopus - Wow! This was so entirely fresh, soft, tender and grilled with citrus and sea salt. Order this! You may just get glimpse of a Harrison Ford or Calista Flockhart sighting if you're lucky... glancing at a gorgeous couple as such could only heighten your dining experience here, right?  Oh and I would much rather visit this sort of filling station as opposed to a real one on the street corner - with the price of gas these days, I feel safe to say that our total bill probably came to be less than filling up our vehicle at Chevron.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,3/29/2012,152,101,9,15,13>Think about the last time you were really relaxed.  Not chemically relaxed or any thing like that, but actual "you" time where the entire experience is all about...well, you.  This is what the Massage Therapy Center is like.  Almost, except it's better.  That's because of Lucy Y.  I've had massages before, but this one would have to be the pinnacle of my massage-getting career.  Lucy is very intuitive and can determine what areas of your body are tight and need extra work just with a quick glance.  If you tell her that you have been having pains in "X" area of your body, she will be able to pin-point "Y" cause and will work that specific area.  Now, on to the massage.  Well, I'll just give you the details of the "after-glow" of the massage, because the low lighting, relaxing music, and Lucy's just-right touch put me out in a matter of minutes.  I am always amazed that after what feels like 15 minutes, I wake up to find that 2 hours have passed by!  After a deep tissue massage (this is Lucy's specialty, she is super strong)  my neck has increased range, my shoulders "sit" instead of pulling, and I have a general feeling of very-well being.  This lasts for days.  You don't realize how tense you are until you see how relaxed you can actually be.Some tips for the best massage:Shower before hand for best results.Don't have obnoxious body odors.Wear clean underwear (in reference to the above).Be respectful of your therapist, you may be relaxed, but they are working in proximity to you!Also included in the experience are locker rooms that provide a combination lock on each locker (the instructions are inside - super simple).  The locker room also provides robes, towels, sandals, showers with body wash and hair conditioner, razors, mouth wash, q-tips, combs and something else I'm probably forgetting.  My favorite part about the locker room?  The toilet with the lid that does not slam.  Every detail is covered here and adds to the relaxing atmosphere.  Oh and for all the Koala bear wanna-bees I guess there is a eucalyptus steam room.  Check it out.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,3/28/2012,1437,1829,14,17,18>Came here this past Thursday, opening night with Val D.  I'm already a huge fan of Umami.  I usually go to the one in Santa Monica... and everytime I go; I'd order their triple pork burger.  Tonight however, when I looked at their menu, there was no triple pork burger to found.  *sigh* Instead, I tried out their Pork and Stilton burger which comes with blue cheese and caramelized onions!  How did it hold up to the triple pork burger?  Well, both burgers were pretty good.  I asked for no blue cheese on my burger because I'm not a very big fan of feta, blue, or goat cheese.  When it came out it looked kind of plain... but when I bit into it... it was amazing. Their bread was perfectly toasted with just enough butter on it as well as sweetness in it.  The pork came out semi cooked semi rare.  Everything just came out well.  We ordered fries and sweet potato fries with our order... and the sweet potato fries came out kind of burnt or overcooked.  The best sweet potato fries you'll ever get in my opinion is at Veggie Grill.Service here is FIVE STARS.  You'll feel like you're in a spa while you're here.  There must have been five or six people waiting on us where we sat.  Everyone worked together as a team instead of having just one person waiting on your table.  We were constantly checked on and our plates were taken from us as soon as it was empty.  I starting to think I like this Umami more than the one in Santa Monica... but we'll see.  I will definitely be back though.   However what I like about the Santa Monica Umami is that they have their own parking lot.  The parking situation here is metered street parking. :/P.S.  Short Order cannot hold a candle to Umami Burger. Ever.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,3/27/2012,3084,357,15,21,19>Definitely my shortest review... and maybe the sweetest?Came to Mochi Cream for a quick "mini after party" after a PYE setup by Greg N.  I never knew that this place existed since I don't frequent the Mitsuwa Market too often, but oh boy what a nice discovery!Mochi Mochi Mochi everywhere!  It's like I'm in mini delicious mini pillow heaven!  So many flavors to choose from!  I had the Cafe au Lait!  Other yelpers tried the likes of Mango, Peach, and Chocolate...All were fantastic!  I think I have to try at least a bite of each one in the near future!The filling... It's not really ice cream, but it's cold enough that is sort of taste like it! Love them mochi shells... some other places were either  too hard or too soft... this place is pretty darn firm/soft at the same time!  I'd take a mochi bed over serta any day of the week!Only downer of it all is that it's a bit expensive if you decided to go on a mochi rampage... however, one can argue that Macaroons and other mini baked goods are listed at the same price if not more most of the time... but it can get pricey!Definitely one of the better Mochi Places in town!  And the fact that they are made in Japan and flown over to LA for sale... that makes it even more authentic and better!Love the colors of the decor too!  Japanese with their packaging & presentation... awesome!
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,3/26/2012,155,159,5,5,5>well. I'm FINALLY working!  this is one of the places the guys introduced me to. I like the prices, the location, and the tastes here. parking is not a real prob but then again, I've never brought a party of 20+ here.I ordered a chicken-rice bowl, and a drink =  about $6.   I'll be back!
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2011,3/25/2012,198,193,8,8,9>Lucques (and AOC) has been on my to-try list ever since Anthony N. told me it was one of the best restaurants in LA. ;) When I saw that they had a $20 prix fixe lunch menu via Haute Lunch, I immediately jumped at the chance to try it. I felt like it was a great deal as their entrees alone tend to hover at a little over $20, and the appetizer salads were about $13, so you save over 50%. If you have a Chase Sapphire card, dessert is included as well.However, the menu doesn't really have any options, and my friend and I both ordered:-chopped salad Dijonnaise w/apples, bacon, radicchio, blue cheese: I liked this salad, but it was too salty for us to finish. The bacon and blue cheese were great though, and everything was very fresh.-braised brisket sandwich on grilled rye w/ pickled onions, horseradish cream (seemed more appealing than the other option of "root vegetables"): okay, this sandwich was all kinds of amazing. The only minus was the greens on the side. I usually really like greens, but this time, they were too salty. I don't know if the kitchen was off that day on its veggies, but we just didn't like the greens we were served. But I digress--back to the sandwich. Rich, flavorful, totally unhealthy, but also totally delicious! Yes, the brisket was fatty, but brisket is a fatty cut and this is probably one of the first times I've had it on a sandwich, and definitely won't be the last. The sandwich was perfectly toasted, the touch of horseradish was just right, and the brisket was dripping with flavor (aka oil) which soaked through the bread. This made for a messy meal, but also a very delicious one. We were both really happy with this dish!Then, although neither my friend nor I had Chase Sapphire cards, the waiter was kind enough to give both of us dessert anyway! We even asked him if this was included as we didn't have Chase cards but he just said it was fine. :) The presentation was absolutely beautiful--a gorgeous bittersweet chocolate tart with crushed honeycomb and coffee ice cream.  This wasn't a mindblowing dessert, but pretty solid, and I definitely finished the whole thing. The tart was pretty sweet, but the coffee ice cream itself was actually really bitter, which complemented the sweetness of the rest of the dish well. I loved the addition of honeycomb as well as caramel drizzled over the plate. A great ending to our meal!  These three courses for $20 was definitely a huge steal.Service wasn't perfect. Our waiter was really nice, but we had to wait for several periods of time and also request numerous refills on our water. Since this is a more casual place, however, I won't hold it against them too much, and the dessert more than made up for it. Parking here is always a b*tch, but metered is usually available if you're patient, although they valet for $5.50. I'm definitely glad I tried this place out!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,3/24/2012,428,458,8,8,8>Sangria, Plantains, and best of all, Bob Saget.I've been coming here for several years now, and I have always loved this place. The menu has stayed the same, but visually has changed drastically! It started off as a dingy paper menu years ago but now it's fancy, complete with pictures!Let me just say first of all that the parking situation here, particularly on a Thursday, Friday, or Saturday night, is terrible. Thankfully I live a short walking distance away so I take a stroll out there every now and then to enjoy a glass (or pitcher!) of sangria. Thankfully I am a stone's throw away from this Versailles location.More on the sangria. It just has the right taste. Just enough sweetness, plenty of tang, with a few slices of orange. I can plow through this like fruit punch, hell almost like water. It's dangerous. Being a brand new graduate student at UCLA a few years ago, there was nothing better than driving over (yep, dangerous) to Versailles (when I didn't live anywhere near it) and having a pitcher of sangria for $14.99 after a hard day. Unfortunately, those days are over. I can't handle a pitcher of sangria anymore, merely a glass or two. But to my benefit, I don't spend as much money. The sangrias prices have upped to $19.99 per pitcher and remained at about $3.99 per glass.Also... their bread! Devastatingly simple. They cut off pieces of freshly (daily) baked bread, toast it and spread some butter sauce on top. Just enough to get it a little soaked, but make the paper they deliver it on absolutely clear. Yes, some cardiac arrest is in the works, but oh so worth it at Versailles. Sometimes I must ask for a second order.I usually stick with the whole chicken, the roast pork, or the fried pork chunks (sorry, I can't remember the numbers) and I am always happy. ALWAYS. You may think that is "oil" at the bottom of your roast pork or chicken pile, but no, that is their special marinade, dubbed "Mojo sauce". It is a very tangy, lemon-y mixture that they grill, fry, and cook everything with at their establishment.Even more fantastic is that they include with nearly every dish, a solid helping of moro (black beans within!) rice, and my personal favorite, plantains! You may not expect it, but mix the beans and rice together, and with the excess dip your plantains. Heck, dip your plantains in the excess moro sauce. Soaking up the tangy/salty juices along with the contrast of the sweet plantains? HEAVEN. Absolute perfection.Another dish I also enjoy here (and had tonight!) is the Cuban Sandwich. A nice helping of pickles, swiss cheese, and mustard on a 9-10 inch roll along with a generous slice of ham and roasted pork leg to top it off. Throw on some tapatillo sauce and some ketchup for your fries and you've got yourself a perfect meal that you can take on the go in a pinch! I've done that meal for lunch many times, switching off to the Bistec (steak) sandwich as well as the roast pork sandwich. Fortunately they recently updated the menu to allow you to get the sandwich/fries meal for dinner. For many years, this was not possible and they told you so.And what do you know?! A celebrity sighting! Bob Saget and his girlfriend were sitting at the table behind us. They had the whole chicken and the roasted pork. I like his choices (AND his style)!I go back here at least once every couple of weeks. Unfortunately I have to limit myself... I don't want to get too tired of Versailles!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,3/23/2012,497,287,12,14,12>Get on this quick! This is a very popular volunteer opportunity. Chances are spots will be filled up a month before each session. There are 6 LAUSD schools and 6 grade levels to choose from. Here is the rundown:New volunteer orientation starts at 9am for about 30 minutes.New volunteers are assigned with an experienced volunteer.  Regular volunteers can arrive around 9:30am.For the last Saturday of summer, each volunteer team had at least 2-4 kids with them.Expect about 20+ kids for each team during the regular semester. 8)Reading is from 10am-11:15am.Everyone gets together around 11:15am to conclude everything.I chose to read to kindergarten kids at Magnolia Elementary School. It felt very nostalgic the moment I stepped into their auditorium, sat in the teeny tiny chairs, and read what else - Babar The Elephant. We had 4 kindergarteners - 3 cute girls and 1 hyper-wandering-the-room-crawling-under-tables still cute-in-his-quirky-way boy. The reading part went by quick and lasted about 20 minutes. We did arts and crafts for the rest of the session. I was worried that the kids would get tired of arts and crafts for 40 minutes but they absolutely loved it!This is a fun, easy and personable volunteer opportunity. Become a regular, attend 10 times, and you might just earn yourself a certificate with animals and gold stars.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,3/22/2012,1939,571,17,16,15>Ways that Phillip's BBQ is like crack:1. After one taste, you may just be addicted.2. Once addicted, it can be an expensive habit3. Those crack-heads are ruthless!  Watch out for the bitchy crack ho too4. You gotta go to the ghetto for itSeriously though, my recent first taste of the ribs at Phillip's was quite an experience.  Despite being just a teensy bit hungover, I enjoyed every bite of those meaty, smoky ribs.  Half a slab is actually quite a lot!  The two of us shared and each had 5 of those beauties.  It sucks that they charge extra for sauce on the side, but oh well.  The coleslaw, BBQ baked beans, and especially the macaroni salad are also delightful.  I found the cornbread muffins a tad dry, but if you whip up a little honey butter at home (hint hint), you'll never notice.  Be prepared for a little bit of a wait, or a lot, especially during peak hours.  Call ahead to make sure they still have what you want.And to the girl in front of us, who held up a whole line of people: B*tch, get off your phone!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,3/21/2012,590,508,7,11,8>Not just any sandwich would inspire me to write a review as soon as I went to eat, but just a few hours ago, I met (or rather, ate) such a sandwich. My colleague and friend, Diane insisted we go here because she loved this sandwich so much she wrote notes to the owner and emailed and called multiple times begging him to bring it back even if he had to charge more to make it profitable. So, when he finally brought it back, he emailed her this morning and given she was leaving for Costa Rica tomorrow, she had to go today. Here is where I come in. See the pics I post. But this was a "back by popular demand" sandwich on their special menu. The chicken buffalo sandwich, topped with coleslaw, blue cheese sauce and spicy tangy buffalo sauce and coleslaw and potato chips. I know this sounds weird, but it worked well! Keep in mind that this is probably the MESSIEST sandwich ever! So, don't order it if you want to be "dainty".  $8.99I also recommend the fire fries. Same buffalo sauce but on the fries. So yummy! And, the dill pickles are a given. They're free to serve yourself and over on the side by the drink dispenser. SO GO!!! Delicious and who knows if they will take it off the menu again.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,3/20/2012,1259,140,10,12,10>Eat It OR Beat It?**EAT IT!!**So Diddy Riese (D.R. for short), is located just right outside of the UCLA campus and lines tend to get long as the night wears on. However, DO NOT let this line deter you from the deliciously cheap ice cream sandwiches you will ever find in Los Angeles! The lines go very quickly so  the longest you will have to wait is probably 15-20 minutes. Now, onto the actual food!Ice Cream Sandwiches: $1.50; need I say more? The cookies are fantastic and are always fresh; you can see them baking the cookies in the back ovens! The ice cream is no big deal, just regular 'ole Dreyers Ice Cream. You have the choice of choosing ANY TWO  cookies: (choc chip w/walnuts, white choc macadamia nut, peanut butter, white chocolate chip, double chocolate w/nuts, oatmeal raisin, chocolate w/white choc chip, sugar cinnamon, candy, chocolate chip) with ANY ONE ice cream (vanilla bean, cookie dough, rocky road, mint chocolate chip, strawberry, chocolate, espresso chip, butter pecan, strawberry cheesecake chunk, peanut butter cup, chocolate chip, cookies & cream)Cookies: very delicious and cheap and you can buy a "Diddy Dozen" for $3.75... perfect to bring to a group of friends or co-workers! Brownies: delicious but a little bit on the dry side when I tried them last. You can also get a "Diddy Dozen" for $5Hawaiian Shaved Ice: $1.50 w/ ice cream or just $1.00 for shaved ice:Perfect for a hot summer day and a change of taste-pace! You can choose up to 3 kinds of syrup flavors to put on your shaved ice and have ONE choice of ice cream to have inside of the shaved ice.CONCLUSION:Diddy Riese is cheap and amazingly delicious. So for all you sweet tooths and those looking for a cheap dessert or snack, come to Diddy Riese and "EAT IT!"
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,3/18/2012,719,388,24,22,20>"I, Travis, take thee, Bread, to be my lawfully wedded loaf... To honor and cherish from this day forward." What's with the mediocre reviews? Either y'all got screwed service and food-wise, your expectations are way too high, or I received an unparalleled dining experience. Whatever the answer may be, I don't care: I scored one of the best birthday dinners I've ever had, here at Michael's. We arrived just after opening, on a Wednesday night. Empty. Odd.The hostess led us to the back of the beautiful garden patio section, to what I thought was the most perfect table in the whole restaurant. Good start. Then, came the bread. I cannot express in words how absurdly good the bread was, nor can I explain how important good bread is to me (I will go to a restaurant purely for the bread). It arrived steaming hot. The outside of the bread sang its Siren song, but the steam coming off the perfect crust said, "No no, Travis.... I'm worth waiting for." After that bread, life hasn't quite been the same. Just when I thought it couldn't get any better, the amuse bouche arrived. A small porcelain soup spoon filled with shredded romaine topped with a thin sliver of fresh anchovy, lightly drizzled with a lemon-Parmesan emulsion. At first, my anchovy-hating side said, "Meh... I'll pass," but then my Cesar salad-loving side won me over. I'm glad it did. A revelation. The perfect bite, and hands-down one of THE best Cesar salads I've ever had the privilege of tasting. My meal.... - Grilled Quail.  Yuzu Grilled Apples, Baby Arugula, Thyme, EVOO. This was a first for me. The meat was subtle, flavorful, and rounded off perfectly by the apples. - Liberty Farms Duck Breast.  Leg and Thigh Confit, Potato Gratin, Rapini, Port Wine Figs. I don't have to tell you how good this was... You should know. But if you've never had duck, imagine the taste of dark turkey meat married with the rich fattiness of bacon. The confit, however, was the hit of the dish--crisped in the most heavenly manner; I'd gladly endure a scrotal waxing to dive into a plate of that oralgasmic melange of unctuous, dark, ducky love.* It should be noted I tried my first oyster here. I still stick to my conviction that if you swallow a given food without chewing, is it REALLY that good?Once we were finished with our meal, the staff was totally on the spot and, in the most subtle and classy fashion possible, they brought a desert plate to our table that read "Happy Birthday, Travis." Wow. Personalized deserts?... Tight.Everything here hit on all cylinders, during my visit. The decor was classy and elegant in the most timeless sense. The patio was something dreams are made of... White lights amid the greenery of the trees and the garden. Impeccable service, thoughtfully prepared and presented food, and a birthday dinner I'll never forget. Michael's is easy to miss, tucked a few shops behind Sur La Table (on 3rd and Wilshire, in SM), but don't let the understated facade fool you--this place is top notch.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2011,3/17/2012,195,139,22,6,5>Your first problem is that your a** doesn't hurt as much as it could if you were a "Stairs" regular. But consider how many MORE problems you would have if you were a 'reg'. It would mean...1. ...trudging up & down past mega-sweaty people, who--for some zany reason--think that you actually want to feel their driplets on your face & arms. *Shudder*2. ...you enjoy working out w/ at least 1000 others. Picture you: all tryna' grunt your way up the steps only to have Mr. PsychoStairs all up on your gluteus max; he's riding you, & you don't even know his name. As in: "Wait--he's on top, & it's not even Sunday-morning-after-last-call yet!" O_O3. ...you just *love* comparing yourself to pro athletes & ALL of Hollywood b/c they're ALL here (& so are their repugnant lackeys & wannabes--refer to #5). While that may seem tres cool at first, after reality sets in, you become cognizant of how (yawn) *average* you are. Bring your big ego; you'll need it.4. ...that other average, random people *will* force you into their sick-sad worlds by comparing themselves to you. You'll know this b/c they'll STARE at you & do that obnoxious thing of hoofing past you like they've got the might of Lance Armstrong only to come to a full stop & pant like it's Sunday morning (refer to #2) at the next landing. The *best* part: once you've hiked your hams to the landing where said-narcissist is, he/she takes off again, just to one-up you.5. ...you have the most excellent privilege (O_O) of knowing other 'Stairs people'. Bring your headshots & your cellphone, & be ready to talk to a "producer" & cue up conversation, like: "So we have a green light from Sony?" Brush up on your studio & exec names before parking your moto b/c Team Name-Drop holds pep rallies here. Oh, you'll also be pop-quizzed on global celeb hangouts, too. As in: "Yah, I just got back from, like, the Seychelles... Yah, red eye... Ugh, my glutes are, like, sooo gelatinated from R&R. I, like,*had* to hit SaMo." (Mind you, it's 9:30am, & anyone w/ a morsel of sense is doing more than merely doubting this tabloid-verse. Actually, we're thinking it's likely that the line is dead on the other end as we giggle & pass the 'fib-u-tante'.)Every stair is a stage.For add'l dramedy: Zoom in on (or *into*) the 'intrauterine chicks', spread-eagle at either end of the stairs, or the He-Man lads w/ their pull-ups & equipment. There are also the 'boot camp' psychos; a LOT could be said for these "classes" that take place (illegally, btw) on the adjacent median. O_OWhile I confess that I've been stepping on-&-off for 18 yrs now; & that I used to be nuts w/ my acorn counters, & my water gallon, & my stretches; I've proudly left behind compulsion for alternative expression. Let's call said-expression "Yelp". ;-)
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,3/16/2012,597,598,6,8,7>The food & snacks here are great. It's the service in the way of communication that could use some help.  Several times when I first went there, they did not even notice I was at the front. They kept the window closed. I didn't hear them and they didn't hear me, I had to knock and then their startled faces came out of nowhere. It's a little hole in the wall. Did not want to scare them, but I was hungry! The place could really use a couple tables out in front instead what's there, thin coffee tables. There's not much room to put your food down, table wise, so most people I've seen just eat their food in hand.  A couple stools at the counter tops + along the side some benches. I've tried eating in both locations and still felt uncomfortable catching a bite to eat. Therefore most of the time I just order the food "take away." I guess they want a fast turnover of patrons?  Other than those minor inconveniences, I like the fresh Thai vegan fare served up here. It's fast, inexpensive and I feel good after eating it. Oh and their Pad Thai is one of the best I've had, because it's not greasy!
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2011,3/15/2012,797,1031,4,8,7>Shuttered :[  Talked to the nice old ladies the day before they closed and said Mitsuwa didn't let them renew, and it's soon to be taken over by a teppanyaki stand or something?  It's already boarded up and construction has begun.Sad that one of my favorite curry spot is gone.  Good thing there's still Curry House & Coco Ichibanya :P
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,3/14/2012,150,391,5,7,7>Always glad to see another business open, especially at this location as the Z Pizza, Mango Mango and Walker's BBQ have all closed in this strip mall.I had the steak sandwich at it was good....not great, not outstanding but just plain good.  The adage "less is more" applies here.  Steak was yummy, french roll was nice and fresh and the lettuce, tomato and pickle complimented the sandwich nicely.  Also, unlike other forms of advertising that chain restaurants use (::coughscarlsjurcoughs::), at least the picture of the steak sandwich on their business card looks like the one you'll most likely be served (none of this 'perfect hamburger picture' nonsense).Chili cheese fries were good.  Chili wasn't spicy, but had a decent flavor.  The nailed it on the fries, as they were nice and crispy, even when swimming in all that chili.Decor is very austere, but they haven't been open that long.  Service is very friendly and the owner will tell you they moved from Bellflower to Lakewood after having a couple cars collide with their store, as well as show you a couple photographs.They also have breakfast sandwiches, burgers, hot dogs, chicken, pastrami and mexican selections.  Next time I'll have the pastrami and those spicy fries.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,3/13/2012,193,159,9,9,9>OMG!  I love Modern Dog and so does my dog, Chuck.  It is the coolest dog store I've ever been to and I shop a lot.   It is sooo cute that I even think Anthony N. would approve.  Everything is quality here.  I got the best looking modern designed dog food bowls here and can't find them anywhere else.   come-sit-stay-shop.com/w…This is the perfect place to go if shopping for someone with a dog.  They would love just about anything from here. Trust me on this.  They carry Gwen Gear, Rockin' Doggies, and Walk-e-Woo dog collars and leashes.  I purchased a beautiful swimming koi design dog collar and leash, not to be found in any big box store.  come-sit-stay-shop.com/g…They also carry clothes, spa items, deluxe beds, and many premium brands of dog food and snacks here for a competitive price.  Plus, the owners remember their customers and are very, very nice.  I rescued the Chuckster and he saved me right back : ) .It doesn't get any better than this.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,3/12/2012,157,340,7,9,8>Another spot owned by the same people that owns Huckleberry, Rustic Canyon and Sweet Rose.. This place is tiny, with a few counter seats and two small communal tables. It has a clean decor and has a very bright and airy feel. The atmosphere is casual, and since the kitchen is totally open, you see everything that is going on.. like being in a cooking class.. Fun! I was impressed with the number of people working there, and I must say everybody had a very groovy vibe in a very friendly way. We tried the Ceviche, which was insanely good, the roasted vegetable salad, and the butternut squash pizza. I was a little turned off by the size of the crust as I saw a bunch of them coming out of the oven, ( I am not a crust person.) But I have to tell you, that crust is so light and crisp, I couldn't get enough of it. They have a nice selection of bread and pastries. I brought home a glazed donut, a lemon cake and a cranberry orange muffin. All good, my favorite being the lemon cake and my least favorite the donut, (I still like ghetto donuts better)  The pastries are mostly made with whole wheat flour and everything tastes healthier, it feels like they use less sugar too, which I love. Such a great neighborhood place. The only problem is it's so small so at peak hours it must be impossible to get seated. BUT.. they to have curbside take-out. So call with your order and CC number and they will bring to the curb to you! Sweet!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,3/11/2012,1297,632,16,19,19>Hmm, okay, I'm gonna go with 4 stars for now.  I think my visit was more like 3, but I'll say 4 since it was my first time and I haven't had a chance to get back yet.  Alright, let's see, driving in: Elizabeth already mentioned the parking so I'll just add, make sure you enter from the left side off the street because the parking lot is made to be one way.  Yes, gravel, so expect that.  Entering from the front, its a long narrow building, kind of like a train boxcar.  The cooking is done right up front so it smells great when you walk in.  You can see the cooking area and checkout the meats.  Yum!So, this was a Saturday afternoon, and I ordered two meat plate, brisket and tri-tip.  Both were kind of alright.  I need to try them again.  The sides were okay, kind of salty.  Overall the food was good, but I feel like I came between the best cooking parts of the day.  With BBQ that can make a difference.  So, I'll update this when I get back there again.If you haven't tried them I think it's worth a visit.  Oh, on this Saturday afternoon, there was like zero waiting.And for the peanut shell crowd, there were lots of them on the floor.  I know some people don't like that, and that's my only reason for mentioning it.  It doesn't bother me and don't know if it's an all the time thing.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,3/10/2012,450,278,7,7,9>I may not be Elite, but I sure felt it thanks to everyone at Tagine.  Of course big kudos to Brittany and Monique for putting this event together as well!I am thrilled to be a part of yet another beautiful CMYE for LA West.  I had heard good things about Tagine through the grapevine but was very thankful to finally get a chance to taste their food.They gave us a beautiful meal (which I'm sure will be well documented with photos thanks to a few of you) and some kick ass sangria.  I would go here for the sangria alone....But thankfully, the tiger prawns and lamb chops will keep me coming back too.  Everything was beautifully seasoned, from the meats to the potatoes (served with the lamb chops, both crispy and soft at the same time. Yum!).  I also loved the game hen dish (topped with powdered sugar - insane!), vegetable soup, tomato/cucumber salad with lemon sorbet ontop (LOVE sweet/salty mixed), and delectable chocolate soup.  The first course was also yummy, lovin' the hummus.  I'm Israeli and can be somewhat hard on Israeli-like dishes at non-Israeli restaurants.... their's was extremely authentic and scrumptious.If you're in the area, stop by.  Especially if it's date night - this intimately sized and softly lit venue definitely "sets the mood."  Too bad the hubby wasn't there to enjoy the night too; Kathleen L., Monique, and Jerome V were all great company though!  Thanks again to everyone involved...Can't wait for the next one.....
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,3/9/2012,5000,856,4,12,9>If you have been driving down Vista Del Mar from Marina Del Rey or Venice you have passed El Segundo Beach. El Segundo Beach is small path of Beach run by the City not the State. El Segundo Beach is right after you pass DocWeiler State Beach and before you make it El Porto which is actually Manhattan Beach. There is a small little out cove you can turn into and go down a small hill to find a small parking lot that only charges $2.00 a day. The area is great for a picnic or surfing when you are trying to avoid the crowds. A sick left forms off of the Jetty shared with Hammerland (El Porto/Manhattan). Come and enjoy what El Segundo has to offer and leave the Beach cleaner than when you arrived. Be the Good=)
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,3/8/2012,50,191,15,13,12>First of all... it's $16.99.  That's what you expect to pay at places like Chili's.  I laugh at the reviews complaining that their seafood wasn't up to their Michelin Guide expectations... it's $17 f'ing dollars people!!!  Stop being cheap, then go to Hamasaku you "foodies", and order your $28/roll sushi.  You go to a $17 buffet and expect Masaharu Morimoto to be slicing up your sushi!?    Anyway...So, price aside... it's excellent, easily worth about $28.  Great variety, everything I had was shockingly good... blows Todai away -- and I still love myself some Todai.  I was shocked you get so much variety with such a cheap price; sushi, Chinese, Japanese, seafood, dessert, teppanyaki, etc.  I mean, seriously, where else can you get all you can eat steak for $17, let alone everything else.  Even if it was mildly decent, I would have been stoked but, I'm telling you, it was great all around.  We all couldn't believe the price.Now, yes, you are kinda crammed in and the service isn't the friendliest but hey, again, who cares... while I was stuffing my face, I got over it quickly.  I mean, c'mon, would you like dealing with haoles like myself eating them outta business? ;)**get there before 6:00ish on the weekend... we got in fine but when we were done, there were literally about 100 people waiting outside - no joke.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,3/7/2012,663,264,8,9,9>Let's face it, the dining options in the Woodland Hills/Canoga Park area are pretty limited to your chain restaurants and well... that's it. I haven't found any hidden treasures yet, so my dining life in the valley is pretty non-existent. Since I've been staying in the valley a bit more now, I've been bugging J about hitting up Get Shaved in Northridge. I've only had the truck and I was craving shaved ice ALL day. To shut me up, he remembered a place he used to frequent during his CSUN days that was near Get Shaved. SCORE! J said that he always gets the beef noodle soup - a popular dish at this restaurant. So, ordering that was a must. While J is a noodle-lover, I am a rice-lover. So, naturally, I had to order fried rice. Along with that we ordered the scallion pancakes. beef noodle soup - The bowl was filled with noodles and soup that smelled amazing! The friendly, older Chinese waitress split the noodles into two smaller bowls, which looked less intimidating. The noodles were chewey and easy to slurp. The soup was a tad oily but really flavorful. The beef was super tender and so good. This bowl of soup is what you eat when you want your soul to feel good. Yes, I said soul. shrimp fried rice - The fried rice was also delicious. It had ample amount of shrimp and scallions for that extra crunch and onion flavor. It was even better as leftovers, especially when you're drunk at home and too lazy to get food.scallion pancakes -  was already full from the noodles and some of the rice, but I couldn't say no to these pancakes. As a Korean, I really love Korean pancakes, seafood or kimchi, you name it. It's so simple and easy to eat, but has so much flavor. These scallion pancakes definitely reminded me of that same concept. I love scallions, so liking this pancake was an easy guess. The pancake alone is pretty mild in flavor, but when dipped in a little bit of soy sauce, the combination is really great. Simple and honest food - my favorite kind.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2011,3/6/2012,847,97,8,10,6>So I don't know how many of you other Angelinos got stuck in the madhouse of traffic on Valentines Day this year-- it was gross! Leaving Fox Studios near Ave of the Stars in Century City at 6:30 was awful-- our romantic dinner date in downtown at 8pm clearly had to be nixed-- after an hour of traffic I made it 3 miles down the road to The Arsenal. My boyfriend and I clearly had to settle. This place could be so much more than it is, and that's sad. Walking in, this place has such a weird vibe, and a clientele that matches. It's by no means a "fine dining experience". Plenty of singles at the bar, mingling, and random people having dinner in their seats. The food is solidly worth 4 stars -- but the service was AWFUL 1 or 2 star material at best; so I met in the middle with my 3 stars. We had: The Caprese Stack- OMG YUM! That's all I got- fresh tomatoes, fresh avocados, and fresh mozzarella- extremely tasty. Worth a return visit for that alone. $8. The Filet Mignon- Apparently they're known for their steaks (which I found laughable at first, because again, this is not by any means fine dining). I have to say-- the steak was damn good. It really was. Very tender and moist-- a very, very good steak. You could be served this steak in an amazing steakhouse and absolutely would not be disappointed. Yukon gold mashed potatoes seasoned to perfection- I could take a bath in these taters they're so good! (I'd be 500lbs too). The little salad that came with it was sad and underwhelming, but hey, when you're staring at a perfect steak and mashed potatoes who cares about lettuce! 10oz filet- perfect- for get this- $24!!! My boyfriend (affectionately called The Buffalo) and I shared this dinner just the caprese and the steak and were completely full, and I eat like a man. (Sexy right lol) Negatives: The vibe, some of the unsavory characters that frequent this place, and the awful service. We were held hostage for over 45 minutes waiting for our check-- and had to ask other waiters to send our waitress over when we wanted to refresh our drinks. Total food cost: $32 Total drink cost:$24 (3 cocktails @ $8 each) Total cost for a great dinner: $56 ( $65 including the tip). TIPS WORTH NOTING: Do NOT by any means order their well vodka-- it's called Crystal Palace and is in a plastic bottle-- need I say more? Ok, sure--the entire bottle cost $7.99; I had it once in Vegas and had the WORST hangover of all time. Also, if you're not so hungry, they have a petit filet for only $18
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,3/5/2012,504,405,9,15,10>We take-out lunch from here for our office about once a month.  Food is DELICIOUS!  We consistently order the beef schwarma, extra hummus and pita bread.  I don't like grape leaves, but my coworkers say they are awesome.  Their hummus is awesome and the salad that comes with the entrees is also really good; fresh crispy cucumber bites mixed in...  We love it!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,3/4/2012,66,868,8,12,10>After hearing about this place numerous times from multiple people, I finally gave it a try. I met up some people here around 11:15am on a Wednesday, and there wasn't a wait. I ordered the Macho Mike hot sandwich. Five minutes later, it was in my hands. This sandwich had pastrami, roast beef, lettuce, tomatoes, cheese, pickles and mustard on top of a kaiser-like roll. The two meats were really good and the melty cheese just hit the spot. At $8 a sandwich, which served as two meals, it's not bad! I would come back here and try another hot sandwich. Yum!And, go Niners, =]
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,3/3/2012,322,226,16,15,14>When I came here for the first time, I looked this place up on Yelp and read the recommendations for the fresh garlic cloves. After we finished placing our orders, I asked [in an attempt to impress the waitress, as if I were a connoisseur of ramen and Japanese cuisine] for "some garlic cloves and a press, please." The ramen and the garlic came out and we were ready to eat, but I couldn't get the darn garlic press to work. The waitress saw me struggling and told me that I was using it the wrong way. Fail. She said "Don't worry - a lot of people don't know how to use the press," while thinking to herself "What an effing idiot." Sigh.The ramen was very delicious, though. It was one of the best bowls of ramen that I've had in a long, long time.  I got the tonkotsu kotteri ramen (extra fatty soup and black garlic sauce) with the Yamadaya topping. I flashed my student ID (again, still trying to impress the waitress) and got a free side order of noodles.I was surprised at how thick, rich and, flavorful the soup base was. The added fresh garlic added an interesting taste to the soup. The Yamadaya topping came with several slices of juicy, soft, and tender pork meat. My favorite was definitely the noodles. Some people don't like the noodles here but they taste great to me - thin, very fresh, and very soft - I am not a fan of the thick, chewy noodles they have at Santouka. They gave a lot of free extra noodles. I didn't realize how full I was until after I dumped the extra noodles into my soup - I could've easily asked for the noodles and the remaining soup to go and had another bowl of ramen to eat at home. I learned my lesson the  first time around so now I usually ask for the extra noodles to go or don't order them at all. Service was great - the establishment is still pretty new and empty so the waitresses are very attentive. They take credit card and they're always really nice about splitting the check. No cockroaches scampered across my table so I didn't have to ask for them to comp my meal to compensate for any traumatic experiences (I died laughing when I read that review. Seriously?).Ramen was great and service was good - I will be coming back a lot, especially now that I have mastered the garlic press.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,3/2/2012,42,135,8,9,9>This is a year round costume store. Need a fake mustache or a rocking mullet wig. This is the spot lol. How about costume makeup or how about rennasance costumes and a Jason mask. Looks awesome all together, come here  they got it. I came for some 1920's era gear for a themed party, they had all I needed, minus some cheese ball vest I rocked from the thrift store lol..  Staff is really nice and the girl working was pretty funny.. Kids from the martial arts spot next door ,came in and said hi to the owner,  he gave them all candy, was cool.  prices are very reasonable and is a family owned and operated store which i love..Yarrrrr buy a pirate costume here arrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,3/1/2012,259,379,12,13,12>Oh You Fancy Huh!!?? Sho you right!!! Yelp'n 90212 Son!!! Ball'n Status!!! Beverly Hills is not my normal stompin' grounds but the stars were aligned tonight and Me and my fellow Yelpers took 90212 by storm and owned the night!!! I really dug that everybody was dressed up. Props to all!!! This was dare I say my favorite Elite event to date! From the beet salad, to the oysters, to the filet mignon, the octopus, and the true shining star of the night the seemingly endless supply of fall off the bone saliva inducing ribs(I meant to take a picture but the fat boy in me took over and devoured them before I realized what happened) and copious amounts of wine from Mora,Semler,Saddle Rock, Malibu Wines and can't forget the Ginger infused tequila(didn't taste anything like I expected) to wash it all down with and a cavalcade of Desserts and Pastries by Edie to tame even the fiercest sweet tooth. Shout out to the Arthur Murray dancers for showing us some steps before the dance contest for $1000.00 truffle dinner prepared by Francesco Velsaco. I loved that my whole table of Yelpers I was sitting with who had all just met(pardon me for forgetting a couple names but you all know who you is! Holla at ya boy!!!) got up together and hit the floor and competed. Me and my +1 partner in crime Amber D actually made it to the finals(according to her it was my fault we lost). Losing has never been so much fun! Shout out to my man Marko(1st elite event) he was dippin' his lady all across the dance floor. Otra shout out goes to the homie Kent D who I rap with all the time via Yelp but had yet to meet in person. We got to connect again fo sho! Holla to the homie Javier J who I ran into strollin' the cold  hard streets of BH before the event. Overall The setting= Fancy(Hello it's Beverly Hills!), The venue= righteous!, The food= Endless & Insanely Delicous!!! The Cocktails= I'm still buzz'n!!! My fellow Yelpers and the Memories= Priceless!!! To Brittany B & Katie B endless thanks and praise! Keep doin' what you do best!!! SYOY!!!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,2/29/2012,1661,660,19,20,20>Me: "Would it be frowned upon if I licked the bowl?"Friend: "Yes, yes it would..."*sigh*If she'd have looked away for just two seconds I probably would have licked the bowl clean anyway, that's how good the Squash Risotto was. Fried sage leaves to garnish? Basil oil? Dash of balsamic? Next time I'm going to lick the bowl for real, manners be damned.I've been a fan of Seed Kitchen in Venice for some time, so when I heard Chef Eric was upping the ante on a more formal restaurant I had to get down on it as soon as possible. The food was all excellent. Sure, there are a few things I won't be ordering again, but that's simply because I have game in the kitchen and could make them myself. The roasted beet salad, the pickled vegetables, the Moroccan carrot soup are all things that I could duplicate, but I also have the Seed cook book which probably helps. Does that mean that they weren't delicious? Hell no, we scarfed them all down in record time, just saying.The side dishes and starters were good and simple, but our main courses and dessert were another ballgame. That spicy tempeh roll? Purely delicious. The lemon meringue mousse with almond meal crust? WOW, so freaking good, one of the few desserts that somehow satisfies the sweet tooth and yet still comes off as fairly healthy. The SQUASH RISOTTO????? Ohhhhhh man. Now THAT is a homerun, stupid stupid stupid good. I'd eat that breakfast, lunch, AND dinner, no doubt.I loved it. Very few restaurants offer up cuisine that leaves me feeling full but not over stuffed, indulged but still healthy, and all around completely happy. The service was great; friendly and informative, definitely the welcoming atmosphere you'd hope for from such an uplifting restaurant.Healthy, tasty, and elegant. Spot on!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,2/28/2012,1,9,13,33,14>Last week, I went in to Dr. Sands office for teeth whitening.  I had heard good things about his practice for years.  Wow is all I can say!  I was impressed before I even sat in the chair.  The office is beautiful, the staff was so kind and helpful and Dr. Sands is a true professional. He explained the whole process to me very thoroughly and completely eased my mind.  This state of the art whitening took all of 45 minutes and didn't hurt at all.  I was so impressed with the results!  My teeth were 7 shades lighter when I left!  I will definitely return and refer all of my friends here.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,2/27/2012,2371,1713,43,38,38>Tagine touts a tempting tasting menu that titillates, tantalizes, and thrills. Tasteful, yet tasty, treasures are tied with thoughtful teamwork and trendy tableware in a thematic troposphere. Tiny Tagine thrives as a triumphant tribute to Moroccan tastes and traditions.R - Romantic and RelaxedY - Yummy MoroccanA - Attractive AtmosphereN - Nondescript EntranceG - Gorgeous PlatingO - Outstanding BastillaS - Spices and ShrimpL - Lovely LambI - Incredible SangriaN - Nice ServiceG - Godly Chocolate SoupCourse 1: Hummus served with marinated Olives and Berbere BreadTwo flavors of fresh hummus were served: Avocado and Goat Cheese. Both delivered a cool intro for the meal although an Olive aftertaste lingered. It was the "Murder by Numbers" intro to greatness.Course 2: Tartar of Tomato and CucumberTopped by a very cool scoop of Lemon Sorbet and a few fresh Rasperries, the diced Israeli Cucumbers, Tomatoes, and Shallots with a House Vinaigrette was hard to eat with a spoon, but proved that old axiom that "Lemon Sorbet makes everything better." The second course came with a bonus small cup of Mushroom Soup that was a star for half of the table. This felt like a "Blue Valentine" marriage of differing tastes.Course 3: BastillaThe chef's take on this Moroccan classic had light layers of Phyllo with Cornish Hen and Scrambled Eggs that were counter balanced by sprinkles of Saffron and Powdered Sugar. It was sweet, meaty, and dreamy that left me swooning "Crazy, Stupid, Love."Course 4: Tiger ShrimpsA couple steamed Tiger Shrimps came with sauteed Vegetables in Olive Oil that had me breaking a few doctor's orders just to eat them. Like "All Good Things," it was the perfect love story that hid a mystery to be discovered.Course 5: Lamb ChopsTagine's grilled Lamb Chops are marinated in 7 Spices and served with roasted Fingerling Potatoes, Asparagus, and Shiitake Mushrooms. The affection I have for the lamb would rival anything seen in "The Notebook."Course 6: Baklava with a Chocolate Soup & Vanilla Ice CreamJust like "The Ides of March", this dessert had two stars. The Baklava was flaky joy and the Chocolate Soup could be one of the yummiest things I've tried in a while.Beverage: SangriaThis was like no Sangria I've had before. Fruity and fresh. It was impossible to stop drinking as the servers kept the glasses full. After several, I may not have been ready to "Drive."Like co-owner Ryan Gosling, Tagine is much more than just good looks and presentation. There is real substance. I'm a HUGE fan of both the restaurant and the owner.Thanks to Yelp for coordinating an event here and making it possible to try the terrific Tagine.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,2/26/2012,4921,523,27,32,21>It's not Pizzeria Mozza, but it's pretty good stuff.  After 10 minutes of circling the block for a parking spot, I stopped in for takeout din and waited in a ridiculously long line.  I thought it was smooth sailing as I got closer to the front, until the guy ahead of me suddenly greets 15 of his relatives. Gave them the stare of death as they proceeded to cut in front of me.  I was so hungry and pissed, that I could have strangled the entire family -- even the baby.  Luckily for them, my pizza was prepared and cooked in less than 5 minutes.My order consisted of a marinara pizza ($5) with 3 toppings ($1 each) and a margherita pizza ($6).  Threw in a side of meatballs ($6) for kicks.  The pies are fairly large and the toppings are super fresh.  I really dig this pizzeria, but now I remember why I despise Westwood.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,2/25/2012,1716,487,12,12,15>It's my last week at the job and for my going away luncheon one of the pharm reps ordered our office a gigantic spread from Casa Blanca. We all happily noshed on mini shredded beef burritos, (white meat) chicken enchiladas, CHILE RELLENOS(!), refried beans, rice, chips, salsa, guacamole, FRESH tortillas (almost as amazing as bomb-ass ones straight from Mexico), salad stuff, and a tray of flan! So much food was ordered that even as stuffed as my belly is I want to gather up more of the food to save for later out of sheer greed. Highlights for me were the chile rellenos, beans, guac and tortillas. The only complaint from anyone in the office was when my Indian boss said "where's the spice? This stuff is too bland" Nothing a healthy splash of Tapatio can't fix.I have an extra special place in my heart for any restaurant that serves me white meat chicken enchiladas to save my picky palate from the nastiness of grisly chicken fat.The only thing missing was the tequila...where's my margarita??
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,2/24/2012,330,334,16,16,15>It's all the brick toast's fault. I came for a latte, and then I made eye contact with that infamous honey butter toast. I think I gained 5 pounds just by LOOKING at that thick, crisp, sugar-drizzled bread!  And if you're already gonna go down that path, you may as well go for the gold and get a deliciously rich Spanish Latte. I did. Bye-bye willpower, hello insulin shock!In addition to great quality coffee and evil brick toast, they also have a nice selection of teas, lemonades and a few sweet/ savory pretzels.... you're going to fall off the  anti-carb wagon.  There's free Wi-Fi, chill music, and it's a good place to study/ work. The shop is a bit small, but there's a fair amount of seating and table space.  They have some parking out back, or you can try to snag a metered spot on the street (they're located just off Sawtelle). Damn you delicious honey butter toast, I shake my fist at you!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,2/23/2012,98,78,9,10,9>What a wonderful bakery/cafe with the friendliest staff!Great selection of freshly baked goods in the front self-serve cabinets and even more specialty goods by the counter! So many different kinds of pastries/breads/cakes/cookies and they all looked so good! Equipped with my tongs and tray, I was ready to attack the neatly arranged rows of goodies. Unfortunately though, I am a pretty indecisive person and the fact that most of these Mexican pastries were new to me made it even harder for me to make my choices! I ended up standing there and staring at the shelves of baked goods for a while... This is when the first friendly staff member came by to greet me with a smile and tell me that they had samples by the counter, but that I could sample any of the other breads if I wanted. How generous of them! This made me happy, and as I was choosing which items to sample, I realized how cheap everything was ($1.50/ $2) which made me even happier! When I got to the counter, I was greeted by more friendly and personable staff and couldn't help but pick out more to order from the pretty platters of cookies/ pastries by the register. Here's what I ended up trying:Cafe mocha- Unique and delicious. A tasty combo of espresso and chocolate with a nice kick of cinnamon spice. Vanilla/Chocolate conchas- Sweet and crumbly on top and soft in the middle. I couldn't really tell the different between vanilla and chocolate though- they were both just sweet and light and delicious. Guava and cream cheese "taco"- These were flaky rolls covered in sugar with a guava and cream cheese filling. I really enjoyed their gauva paste- I think I actually like it better than the one they have at Portos! It's more tart and actually tastes like guava! The sugar on top was a bit too sweet for me though, I had to rub some of it off. Guava and cream cheese croissant- The croissant itself was fluffy and fresh and buttery and had the same great filling as the tacos. I wish they would add more guava paste though, I love that stuff! Puerquito- I didn't like this one as much- the bread had a texture that I wasn't used to. It was a lot more dense with an interesting flavor. I didn't finish this and brought it home- luckily my roommate ended up loving it!Coconut "candies"- If you like coconut, you'll love these. They're basically clusters of coconut shavings with a nice chewy texture. This place is also GREAT for getting some work done! Free wifi and plenty of outlets along the wall! They don't have too many tables, though I spent a good 3+hours there in the early afternoon and it never got too crowded. There's even a convenient free parking lot in the back!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,2/21/2012,428,239,10,12,11>I've never had a bad meal at Swingers, and the servers and staff have always been friendly and efficient to my friends and me.  Maybe it's the necklaces of human ears that we wear.  I don't know.  Swingers hasn't changed much since I myself was a young heart running free in the late 90s.  There are still waitresses in short skirts and the decor and jukebox lineup are pretty much the same.  This was the first place I ever had quinoa.  I pronounced it QUEEN NOAH.  How embarrassing.  I know better now.Considering how crowded Swingers gets late at night, I'm surprised other restaurants haven't copied their business model.  Late-night eats are hit-and-miss, a jumble of soon tofu and Moons Over My Hammy and rolled tacos.  It's nice to be able to get something semi-healthy to soak up the alcohol, something pretty that will not look so disgusting should the occasion arise for it to come back up.I recommend the breakfast items, especially the breakfast burrito.  I had their special a couple of weeks ago, a sesame chicken salad that had warm chicken and the most delicious salad dressing.  There's a soy chocolate banana peanut butter shake that's pretty yummy, and the cupcakes are moist and girly.The restaurant is clean.  It has neat tilework.  The lighting is dark, so if you suspect that girl you just picked up at the club is not actually pretty, you can continue making yourself believe that she is.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,2/20/2012,233,132,10,19,15>Big flavors come in tiny tarts.  That should be the mission statement of Fruute, the freshest new name in pastry artistry.  But don't let the orderly rows of delicate tarts fool you.  These little teaser tarts pack full-bodied  flavors within petite bodies of edible fluff.  Fruute believes in innovation that still formulates tastes that will make your head spin as much as your first time watching Inception.Below you will adventure into the world of fruute's sweets (flavors may differ upon your visit to this place), which I now deem an excerpt from what will become my encyclopedia of tarts (the best idea I've had since baking chocolate chip cookies with Oreos stuffed inside).  WARNING: these in-depth tart descriptions may cause excessive drooling a-la Niagra Falls.Yuzu: Japanese citrus cream cheese custard in vanilla crust topped w/ golden raspberry and white chocolate fan.  ANOTHER WARNING: this white chocolate fan is not durable enough to help recover the spell of fainting that may occur upon tasting.Black pepper: bittersweet chocolate with a "forest berry center" sweet pepper crisp and a blueberry on top.  In the time it would take me to read you the whole description of this tart's ingredients, you would have already eaten four of these.  This is what I would like to call a "special" tart and should be tasted by only the culinarily (hooray for new words!) adventurous.Mont blanc: If I could build my own cosmic ray to make these tarts the size of a cake, I would zap this one first.  Eating this tart was like waking up from the best short dream you've ever had and then not remembering one thing about it.  Caramelized banana, chocolate crust w/ a touch of rum, topped with caramel wafer chestnut cream swirl and the pistachio on top.The descriptions of these tarts are poetic and really speak for themselves.  The biggest problem is this: by the time you finish appreciating the ingredients that are carefully assembled in a certain way, your pastry has been sucked into the vacuum that is your inquisitive stomach.This will be the point where I stop complaining, become resolved, and look on the bright side: at least my taste buds went on a thrilling roller-coaster of unique flavors in a short period of time (TIP: these tarts are best eaten within 24 hours.  get hungry!)  Each tart has a unique sensational theme that make every tiny square a masterpiece in the art of pastry.  The only aspect of this place that has remain unresolved for me is how to pronounce that name.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,2/18/2012,630,341,10,7,10>I don't know why I always do this to myself.  Soju + Extra Spicy Crab Soup makes my face look like a pumpkin the next day BUT it is ALWAYS worth the pain.Owner also kicked in a few free beers which ultimately led to me crawling out of here.  Thanks for the memories Ondal...I will return once I drop the 5lbs I gained last night.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,2/17/2012,618,176,11,11,11>Finally a grown up gastropub for adults to play after work in the West side!  As the kiddos sloppily roll onto Qs and Cabo Cantino, the grown ups will frolick to the new sleek BRÜ Haus for good food, drinks, and music.  Matt T. and I finally came to check out the place after hearing great reviews.  The venue has a cool  set up that gives a sleek and modern feel with plenty of big screen TVs to satisfy a man's ADD with sports.We sat by the kitchen and the Chef was nice enough to let me sample the Lambic Frambiose raspberry as we wait for the rest of the group to arrive.  It was sweet, light and fresh.  Brownie point for putting percentages of alcohol for each type of drink on the menu and for having such a wide variety of beers available.We first ordered the Giant Bavarian Pretzel. Hot tamale, this bad boy was ginormous!  It came out warm, fluffy, with a slight crisp along with 3 dipping sauces: nacho cheese, regular mustard, and Dijon mustard.  Definitely a great appetizer to start with in a group.  The sweet potato waffle fries came with 3 amazing sauces: beetchup, sweet sambal aoli, and jalapeno ranch.  They were all great to try but the beetchup is definitely most unique...and pretty too.  Who knew beets would be great in dipping sauces? I ended up dipping other foods into these sauces because it was so appetizing.What the what, foie gras in a sausage? I knew I had to try it. Now that's what I'm talking about...keeping it meaty, juicy and classy.  Ours was toppled with sweet peppers and caramelized onions which gave it a good oomph.  Now the BRÜ Burger was what kept my meat juices flowing.  It looked like such a simple burger, yet so tasty!  The heavenly brioche bun definitely won me over with this burger. Overall, a great experience and I can't wait to come back to try more items on the menu.   Tip: DJ starts playing music around 9pm and they clear most tables away so if you're looking to sit down and eat, come earlier.  Look in the back for side street parking.Word on the street,  Chef Charlie was the asian kid in the Math Club in Never Been Kissed.  Math nerd turned into savvy chef, awesome!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,2/16/2012,429,432,7,20,12>Since I was a little girl, I dreamt of attending cooking school to become a pastry chef. However, there were a number of factors that made me choose a more practical route over my passion. Some people even criticized my cooking school dreams. Since I do have a full time job and don't not have an extra $30K to attend Le Cordon Bleu, New School of Cooking was the perfect solution that fit into my busy schedule. I just completed Pro Baking 1, which was made up of 10 classes. The tuition cost was $1400. With the special code listed on the website, I was able to pay half when I registered and the other half on the first day of class. The price is very reasonable. We used great ingredients in the fully equipped kitchen. Plus, we didn't have to do our dishes afterwards.Since the course length is a total of 40 hours, you cannot learn and perfect everything in class. I like to think of this as a self study course. Practicing at home during the week was highly encouraged. I headed over to Smart & Final and Surfas and stocked up on the baking basics and essentials in order to practice the lesson of the week (i.e. pies, cakes, cream puffs, etc..). Baking several times throughout the week maximized the learning experience for me. Carol was an excellent teacher and made me look at baking in a different light. Carol showed us techniques that I would not have learned from cooking shows or cookbooks. She even mentioned short cuts and specific techniques that are used in professional kitchens versus a home kitchen. I don't order pastries from cafes anymore. I also choose wisely when it comes overpriced desserts since I now know how to properly make them. The class is composed of 12 students, which was the perfect size. Everyone was so nice and eager to learn whether if they were there for fun or in hopes to pursue a baking career. We were provided with excellent recipes as well as a CIA cookbook. The four hour class includes lecture, demonstration, and hands-on experience. The hands-on portion made up a majority of the class, and we usually did not finish on time. The best part was taking what we baked home. I had a lot of baked goods that I had to share with friends, family, and co-workers. I also increased the total hours I exercise since everything tasted so good.. I had so much fun, and there was never a boring moment. I've had a passion for baking at an early age. The past two years I lost a little bit my passion for it. This class reignited my love for baking and reminded me why I love doing it. I loved the feeling I had when I first put on my chef's jacket on the first day school. I look forward to taking other programs such as Pro Baking 2 and Pro 1. I may look into a second career or career change all together. For now, I'm happy making people smile with my yummy desserts.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,2/15/2012,1495,111,10,12,11>Last night I attended My friend Bill's birthday party held at Picca on Pico.  Just when I begin to get disgusted with everyone in Los Angeles from the severely narcissistic to the super selfish, I go out with Bill from Street Gourmet LA who is always surrounded by a fantastic and fun crowd. What makes his crowd even better is the fact that most of them are obsessed with food and friends! Not only did I have the privileges of sharing a special night and making new friends, I got to try a traditional Peruvian dish called cau cau (tripe stew). Being from the Philippines and accustomed to tasting things out of the norm, one being balut, which was Actually featured on NBC's hit show Fear Factor, I figured that I might like that dish. I wouldn't say that I liked it...what I didn't like was the meat - mainly due to the texture. The potatoes and the broth were actually pretty flavorful and so was the ceviche which I am pretty much craving now. Instead of enjoying food at Picca my hands were occupied with tasty drinks, one in particular called The Avocado Project, which was a fav! You also should order a drink called Pairly Legal - a must! All in all it was a great night, but I have to return soon so that I can enjoy an nice sit-down meal. More pictures on my blog...
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,2/14/2012,624,186,22,20,16>Really, the only time you'd come here is for happy hour or right before a jovial visit to the strip club right next door, or both. But surprisingly, Trocadero has a little bit of call-girl class and makes for a good, wet, martini-slurping time. Did that sound dirty to you? Maybe you should go to the strip club first then, cowboy. Get it out of your system. The lounge is small and tight, just the way ya'll like it. Okay, okay, I'll stop...Half the place is outside with a patio-like area,and the other half is inside, with small tables and couches. The happy hour menu is HALF-OFF drinks and apps, which makes for a mighty good deal. My favorites were the macaroni & pepper jack cheese, sunset kebab with teriyaki sauce, and the calamari. Lip-smacking good. Three Melrose martinis later, the Absolut mixed with OJ was flowing in my blood and the laughs would not stop coming. Service was on the slower side but our waitress was a doll! She brought us a round of free shots because she loved our sassy group of girls. Next up was Amatuer Night at the Body Shop ;)
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,2/13/2012,750,550,82,60,65>This poem is entitled "A DATE GONE AMISS"                                                      Sea Mist Rental                                                Makes me sentimental                                                  Cute dates abound                                                  Riding bikes around                                                    Beach in the backdrop                                                Keep peddling, don't stop                                               $15 bucks for a day of fun                                                Laughing in the summer sun.                                                                                                                    \           /                                          .-  "  -.                     _\/_                                   --   /            \   --             //o\\                            _____ _ __ __ ____ ____  ___  | __ __ __                       =-=--~^~_-__= =_=-=_,^~^   ^     -'| -" -=- -_-~^~                        =- _=-=- -_=-=_,-"                        |     --=- -_-==--                      =- =- -=.--"   -~^~                          -~^~ -=- -_-                                             o_                    [o_                                           -iL  }                  -iL  }                                        O-O                  O-OP.s.  This date later fizzled out when he ask how I felt about pooping on his face.  I sure know how to pick em huh?  God, people make me feel so normal.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,2/12/2012,57,275,8,13,11>*I feel classy eating these donuts*(check their hours before you go, they are close on Mondays and several Tuesdays of the month) BCBD opened while I was living out of state. I've tried it before and previously gave it 4 stars but now that I've moved back to South Bay and experienced this little shop in its full glory, I feel comfortable to say ... "I'm in love!" Every time I come here, I eat 2! This little donut shop is the Best! American donuts are nothing special. Any donut shops can make donuts covered in sugar and syrup. However, after the initial sugar rush pass, you feel totally disgusted and fat. This wont happen here at BCBD. The donuts are made with mostly organic ingredients, the sugar levels are kept at a minimum and the donuts are baked not deep fried like American donuts (which gives it a nice cake-like texture). They have the most unique donut flavors: rum raisin, Japanese sweet potato, Banana Man, red bean with green tea powder and so on...  What fun flavors! Individual donuts are priced at $1.50 each and you can get a dozen of mixed flavors for $15. They have a stamps program. Accumulate X # of stamps per dozen you buy, you get something for free...  I dont remember on the top of my head what. I love their glass display featuring all the donuts, each sitting on a squared wooden tray. When you order them, they come individually packed in a clear plastic. The staff will heat it up for you if you are eating it right then, or you can do it yourself when you go home. Ask them how long to heat the donuts for or else you will kill your donut like I did from overheating.  I highly recommend their Affogato ($6.25). It's their Icy Donut (the donut is kept in the fridge so it goes well with the ice cream) layered with whip cream and all natural ice cream. You are given a little metal pot of hot espresso (there are 3 flavors to choose from) and you pour it over the icy donut. I feel Happy eating this dessert. It's just so delicious. Given the method this dessert is served, the Affogato is a dine-in only item. Sometimes the shop looks rather empty but dont be fooled by their look. A lot of companies order donuts from them which are delivered, and people usually get take out. Other times, they are sold out of donuts before closing hours, however, this place serves a mean cup of coffee and they usually always have Affogato donuts available. So while they may be out of fresh donuts, they will usually stay open for the coffee lovers and those craving for ice cream layered icy donuts. The owners of BCBD also own Doya Doya, a Japanese Restaurant on Artesia in Redondo Beach. Doya Doya has high reviews on Yelp. If you are a fan of Doya Doya, try their donut shop. ...and tell all the cops you see to eat here instead!PS: They also have healthy donuts for dogs! My organic-nut friend bought some for her puppy and the puppy loved it! They come in packs of 3 for $2.99. :)
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,2/11/2012,156,84,14,14,13>I remember coming here almost every weekend in high school. Checking out the people, having deep conversations with my best friends, learning to surf, and even stopping by on nights with meteor showers for some interesting views. Zuma is a great beach to go to and kick back with friends, enjoy some fun in the sun, and have a relaxing weekend. It gets kind of busy, especially on holidays, but if you're going during the early mornings or late nights, it can be alot of fun. It's great for going for a jog, catching some waves, or taking some nice sunset pictures. What to bring:TowelsDrinks (no alcohol - unless you like getting tickets)FriendsSandalsBeach UmbrellaVolleyballSurfboardFrisbeeCameraShortsSUNSCREENWhat NOT to bring:BeerYour pet (well you can if they're on a leash, but it's too much of a hassle)ShoesShirtBoring friendsRude peopleAnd remember, keep your trash off the beach and the sunscreen on your skin!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,2/10/2012,477,269,13,13,13>GOOD STUFFFFFFF!!!!!!!!!!!!I SO love this place! Awesome bar with Primo beer, how can you beat that?!?!? The ice cream they have from Hawaii for dessert are to die for, but of course the food has to come first, sooooo...........The chinese chicken salad is quite good. Typical dressing but since I have seen bad executions at other places that shall remain nameless, it's always nice to hit a home run with a staple dish. I do want to try the somen salad next time, I'm sure it's pretty damn good stuff. The macaroni salad is excellent too.Kalbi ribs? YUMKalua pork? YUMLahaina fried chicken? YUMChicken katsu? YUMLau Lau? YUMI keep getting the same things because I love them so much though, so I have yet to make my rounds sampling the entire menu, it's so hard to break from habit!Ok, I guess I think it's good here, that must be obvious, so let's talk about other things then. The parking is great, they have their own lot in the back, which is nice in a cramped place like MB. The decor is very Hawaii-ish, better than a lot of the bare-bones Hawaiian food places that have been popping up everywhere lately. As for the service, welllllll................It's also awesome! The servers are very attentive and check on you enough to make sure everything is ok, but not in stupid ways or so frequently to annoy the hell out of you. You can tell that they truly want to do a good job and keep the customers happy, something that is not common these days for sure. This is just a nice homey place with great food at a decent price - what more could you ask for?For myself, if only I lived closer I would come here more often, but the co-owned Carson location is a little closer, so I frequent that one more often. Consistency of food and service between the two are very comparable, so you have no excuse to stop in at either restaurant no matter where you are!Also be sure to check out their special wine and beer tasting events. They REALLY roll out the red carpet and come up with some amazingly delectable things that are not on the menu. Trust me, the dishes are beyond anything you would ever expect.Oh yeah, and get the ice cream....any of them...you won't regret it ;)
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,2/9/2012,1441,859,30,35,32>Jun Bento is pretty impressive!   4.5 Stars, rounded up to 5 STARS!!!!!  My Yelp Buddy, Greg N., and I had lunch today.  He heard about this new restaurant that is making a splash in the Los Angeles Restaurant community.    The restaurant is only 3 weeks old, and it's called Jun Bento.   The Japanese restaurant is owned by a very talented Korean Chef, who has a restaurant in Korea and decided to open a restaurant in Los Angeles.   You walk into the place, and you are greeted by SUPER FRIENDLY staff (Shout out to Sara, the ROCKING wait staff!) and about 10 tables.  This place is CLEAN and the food is good!   Service Grade:  A+!After ordering, Sara (Did I mention - a super friendly and ROCKING wait staff?) delivered miso soup (with soft tofu in it) and fried tofu (topped with bonito flakes).  The fried tofu appetizer was cripsy(ish) on the outside, with a nice layer of sauce on the outside.   Yum!   Appetizers Grade:  B+Did I mention that the food here is good?  Sara mentioned that one of the restaurant's top sellers is the Bul Gol Gee combination bowl.   Loved it!  It was a clash between the Japanese and Korean cuisines!    First, the dish was plated like a Chirashi-Sushi style - where there was rice on the bottom and all kinds of goodies showcased on the top of the rice.  The thing that I liked best about this dish was that it came with 10+ different types of Tsukemono (Japanese pickled veggies) - ranging from pickled purple cucumbers, daikon, tamago (egg), umeboshi (plum), seaweed salad, cut brown seaweed, hot dog pieces, pickled scallions, red ginger, pink ginger, etc...  The dish was BEAUTIFUL!    Each type of the 10+ tsukemono was skillfully and artfully placed on the dish.    The dish had a mound of Korean style Bul Gol Gee on it.  The meat was tender and cooked with sliced white onions.  Flavors were truly authentic to Korean food!   YUM!   This dish is a must-have during your visit.   Presentation Grade:  A+  Taste Grade:  A-.Yelp Bro Greg N. ordered the Pork Tonkatsu bowl, which came with about 8-10 generous slices of tonkatsu.   There were just as many beautiful tsukemono varieties on his dish as well.   I tasted the Pork Tonkatsu, and it was cripsy on the outside and juicy on the inside.   The dish was delicous.  My only reservation about this dish was the tonkatsu dipping sauce.  I wasn't used to the style of tonkatsu sauce that they served - it was well made and it was presented very beautifully (in a side dish with sprinkles of sesame seed).  It had a bit of a sweet bite to it.  My guess is that it is made with apple sauce, which made it a bit on the sweet and calm side.   Please note - the sauce was not bad, I just wasn't used to it!   Presentation Grade: A+.  Taste Grade (based on one piece of tonkatsu):  B+.The bathrooms here are CLEAN!  Everything about the restaurant is clean and well kept.  My favorite part of the experience was chatting with the waitress, Sara.  She told us the history of the restaurant, she provided excellent customer service, and she was super super friendly and helpful!  Great choice, Greg N!    I enjoyed sharing a meal with you!I'll be back again!Food Grade:  A-Service Grade:  A+  (Thanks Sara).Overall impression:  A-.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2011,2/8/2012,750,698,9,15,13>We got lost on the way to get here, the place was not hidden, but it was right at the corner and the stupid tree was blocking the Sushi Mori sign. Next time just remember to see concrete wall and also, they have parking spaces in the back to the right side. First time ever that I went into a sushi place and I don't see any soy sauce or wasabi, made me even more intrigued. With that being said, let's move on to the food review.We decided to get Omakase and the best place to sit for that: Sushi Bar! There are 2 types of Omakase they offer here, Sushi Omakase or Mixed Omakase. Sushi Omakase comes with 3 different appetizers and the mixed one, comes with 5 different appetizers. We chose the latter and here are what we had in order:*2 pitchers of green tea (somehow they don't serve per glass, instead 1 order of green tea equals a pitcher which can be shared for 2 people)- Home made tofu with fresh wasabi and soy sauce (on the side) - very smooth- cooked sardine, abalone liver, abalone with yuzu kosho, shiitake mushroom, pike eel broth gelatin, okra and pink vegetable (I forgot the name for this)- Pike eels (hamo) soup with eggplant- red snapper marinated with kelp(seaweed)- halibut fin engawa - this one is a killer, super delicious!- Wild medium yellowtail belly- Big eye chutoro- Blue fin otoro- Spanish mackerel- Kohara- Fresh Octopus- Giant Clam- Aori Squid - very creamy- Ikura - so different- Santa Barbara Uni and Hokkaido Uni - really good (SB), oceany (Hokkaido)- Fresh Albacore- Seared baby barracuda- Seared Anego- Tamago- Sesame Ice Cream/Ginger Ice Cream with hot teaEverything was so good, but the highlight for me has to be the Engawa, I never had that before and it was so so good. My first uni was at Sasabune, the unis here were a bit different, more orange color, but I still got converted and able to ate them, so they're approved by my stomach. Other highlights were the aori squid and ikura. By the way, Sushi Mori grows their own rice in Sacramento, so the rice here is a bit different and I like the fact that they don't put so much rice onto each sushi and didn't fall apart easily. Sushi Mori was pretty busy when we're there, so we were attended by the other chef, his name is John. He's very knowledgeable in explaining where the fish came from. By lunch's closing time around 2.15, we're the only customer left and Sushi Mori came over, joined in the conversation and were joking around. They were pretty friendly, though in the beginning I thought he looked so serious. Well, lucky for me, the meal was a business lunch so it was practically FREE. If not, our lunch bill came out to be over $300 + tips for 2 people. It was a very satisfying lunch for me.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,2/7/2012,208,15,12,14,14>Winner Winner Chicken dinner...or breakfast...or lunchWho doesn't love Chicken and Waffles(?!) Bru's Wiffle in Santa Monica serves up a killer combo of their Madagascar Vanilla Bean Waffle and crispy fried Chicken Breast. I am dying to try something else, maybe a Pizza Waffle or the Breakfast Sliders (which I regularly salivate over as I watch neighboring diners scarf them down while I try to figure out the least awkward way to ask if I can puh-leeze just have one little bite!) but I get Chicken/Waffle envy every time and end up ordering it along with everyone else at my table!  It's THAT good people...no one wants to share!  I've tried my most cunning negotiating skills and unmistakable charm but alas, I can't break 'em!...and I hate to say it but Bru's beats Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles with this dish hands down (awaiting backlash).
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,2/6/2012,1537,605,10,20,12>The month of April is the ideal time to visit Temescal. The air is cool, the waterfall is flowing and the vegetation is green. I have been enjoying Temescal on a weekly basis since high school but after this past weekend I was inspired to write a review.Temescal Canyon is an ideal Santa Monica Mountains sampler. The park encompasses 141 acres of oak and sycamore canyons, a seasonal waterfall and ridge top views.I typically do the Canyon Loop (4.4 mi):From the parking lot walk up the paved road to the landscaped path past the restrooms, past the camp grounds, and a densely wooded canyon filled with the sounds of exotic pigeons, frolicking Grey squirrels and crows. The footpath takes on a wilder appearance and soon crosses Temescal Creek via a wooden footbridge and a close-up view of the small waterfall, trickling or tumbling (depending on the time of year) over some large boulders. Leaving the canyon behind, the path steepens and climbs westward up Temescal Ridge to a signed junction with Temescal Ridge Trail. At times the hike seems like a never-ending uphill climb under the heat of the sun. While there is shade, it's not shaded the whole length of the hike, especially the higher elevations.For a harder workout I always enjoy heading uphill a half mile to distinctly shaped Skull Rock (5.4mi). The rock is a good place to rest, cool off, and admire the amazing view.As you return to the trail head down Temescal Ridge Trail, you'll get excellent views of Santa Monica Bay, Palos Verdes Peninsula, Catalina Island, Baldwin Hills and downtown Los Angeles. At some point you have to stop, reflect, and give thanks and praises -the view should remind you how blessed you are to live in this beautiful city!After serving up fine views, the path descends rather steeply and tunnels into tall chaparral. Continue past junctions with Bienveneda and Leacock trails and follow the narrow ridgeline back to a junction with Temescal Canyon Trail. Retrace your steps on Sunset Trail back to the trail head into the parking lot. (Note: you can do the reverse hike but I like to save the views for last - as a treat for sweating and wheezing).* Get there before L.A.'s annual drought and everything turns brown.* Get there before 10:00AM to avoid heat and crowds.* No dog poop like Runyun Canyon...yes!!!!!* Beautiful faces to greet up and down the hill.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,2/5/2012,174,118,12,14,17>Shaved ice by the founder of Kogi Trucks and Chego.  Doesn't get better than this!I have been a fan of shaved ice ever since I had it in Taiwan, and now I am starting to see a lot of new places showing up in LA with their own versions of this great dessert treat.When I heard that Snow Monkey Ice was coming out from the founder of Chego and the Kogi phenomenon I had high expectations right out of the gate.  I can definitely say that Snow Monkey does not disappoint!If you haven't seen shaved ice before, imagine a huge block of flavored ice in the shape of a thick wheel.  Coming in customized flavors that no doubt were crafted by Mark himself, these wheels are put into a machine that spins the ice and shaves thin layers of ice off the wheel and into a cup.  Some of the flavors you can pick from are:Aiya Ceremonial Matcha Green TeaMango LycheeStrawberryGhirardelli ChocolateSugar-Free Black CherryThen it is over to the toppings counter where you get to pick your toppings to go on top of this flavor powerhouse!  They have some standard items that you will find and any Pinkberry or Yogurtland like your chocolate chips, but they also have some unique toppings such as various flavored Mochi, boba that pops (this is not your tapioca type), mixed fruit jellies, and even red beans.The prices are weighty, but so are the portions, and I was quite satisfied with a $3 kid size that came with 2 toppings of my choice.  The $7 large version seemed bucket sized and is easily fit for two people to share.Thank you Snow Monkey, and I am happy to welcome you my list of shaved ice must haves!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,2/4/2012,474,445,16,15,16>My first Thai Massage certainly had a happy ending... Get your mind out of the gutter, not that type of happy ending, you perv. It ended with me being extremely satisfied with my experience. And, I have OJ's Subs to thank.For a second time in less than a week, I made my way to OJ's on Paramount to try a sandwich. Unlike when they where closed on Sunday, today I arrive to a note on the door saying they'll be back in 20 minutes. At this point, it seems the sando gods weren't interested in me trying a sub from OJ.Standing in the small strip mall, shaking my head and not believeing my luck with trying to eat at this fine establishment, suddenly something caught my eye, a bright yellow banner that read: 60 minute Thai Massage $40. I quickly pulled out my handy iPhone to check out their reviews. Fellow Yelpers had nothing but good things to say; I was encouraged. So, I decided I would pop my head in to see what the establishment looked like, as I wasn't really interested in being a part of a sting just a few days before the holidays.The shop is clean, no new age frills and fancy balms to buy, but a very functional parlor with clean linens and nice music playing. What more can you ask for $40?Now, I LOVE massages and try to get them on as semi-regular basis as I can. I have had all kinds of types of massages around the world. I like to think that I know my way around a massage table. Whoa! Anyway, I had no real concept of what a Thai Massage entailed, other than the aforementioned happy ending. Fear not readers, that is illegal in the states and it not on the menu...Well, it turns out Thai Massage is like nothing I had every experienced. My massage therapist could not have been over 5 feet and I am 6'4". I was thinking, man there is no way she is going to be strong enough to break down these mountains of muscles.Immediately, after I laid down on the table, she pounced onto my back, like a cat. She begins using her feet and weight to massage pressure points up and down my body. Then, things really go Cirque du Thai; mounted on the ceiling are two parallel steel pipes that run the length of the massage table. These bars are used by the therapist to lower her weight onto you, as well as reduce it.The next thing I know, I am being put in all kinds of positions that I thought were a violation of the law or at least of my self dignity. Joints were popping, muscles stretching and tension escaping. HEAVEN!Once you have completed the stretching portion of the massage, which feels phenomenal, but leaves you really wanting that "dig your hands in" experience. Don't worry, it's coming. After you are nice and limber, they then grease you up like a pig and begin to dig. You know that pain that borders on unbearable but feels oh so good?The end result, the most relaxed and energetic I have every felt after a massage. I am hooked. And, for $40, plus tip, this place is a bargain. Ask for Dee Dee, she has magic running through her soul...I foresee another happy ending in my future... No! Mind, gutter, remove it...
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,2/3/2012,802,562,8,13,10>Where to go for a genuine Philly Cheese Steak and good service? Go to Cousin Vinny's.It seems like everyone on Yelp has an opinion on the dive bars, ramen, kalbi and tacos. The Philly Cheese Steak just doesn't seem to be able kick up much controversy on Yelp. It may just be changing trends but I still remember listening to a couple of guys from Philly lamenting that a good Philly Cheese Steak doesn't exist in LA. So, what's a good Philly Cheese Steak or the better question is what's a genuine Philly Cheese SteaK? This Satureday we mosied over the Cousin Vinny's Cafe to find out directly from Vinny. After all Vinny's, the Philly transplant, boasts the "Original Philly Cheese Steak"Cousin Vinny's Cafe is a tiny joint with a tiny sign. The sign is so small that I must have drove by Cousin Vinny's for months without knowing that Vinny's was there. It was only after seeing a review on Yelp that I knew to stop in for lunch. That Saturday Vinny manned the cafe solo.  That included cooking, cashiering and waiting on tables, the counter and the ordering window that connected Vinny's to the dive bar next door. Yet will all his responsibilites Vinny found time to banter a bit about what it means to be a real  Philly Cheese Steak and still served up a great sandwich. As Vinny explained, they did not offer Cheese Whiz as an option for their Philly Cheese Steaks, provolone was their cheese of choice. Now, not being a Philly Cheese Steak afficianado I found it hard to imagine Cheese Whiz as the preferred choice over provolone... or for that matter any cheese other than maybe velveta. I happily took my Philly Cheese Steak with melted provolone. A cheese that , at least as applied by Vinny, highlighted the tasty steak and the fresh hoagie bun. The sandwich came with a side of fries for $8.50, not cheap but then again neither were the fresh and tasty ingredients that when into making it.Next time? Vinny's menu also boasts of "The Best French Dip. Around" - how could I resist?
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,2/2/2012,834,665,8,18,7>I hate to drop a star for such a great place, but I must. Here's the deal:-Went on a Thursday, and had a lovely massage and facial. No complaints with the experience, except perhaps the super slow food/drink service at the pool. We heard our guy in the back talking about his schedule, etc.; I don't care, dude, just bring my lunch!-Friday morning, around 7:30 am, I am struck with a crazy back spasm. I don't have back spasms regularly, so this certainly throws me, especially since I just had a nice massage the day before. At 8am I call the Spa to get some advice about how to treat the spasm from my massage therapist. The receptionist takes my name and number, and says that the therapist will be in later in the morning and if she doesn't call, then a manager will call.It's Sunday and no one has called me. I happen to tweet about it and someone from the Four Seasons responds to me, apologizing, asking for my personal info so a manager can call me on Monday.  I reply.It's Wednesday evening before anyone calls.  At this point it is the massage therapist, who says she just got my message today. She heard that my back "was sore" and she hopes I feel better. Sore?  I expect soreness after a good massage, but not back spasms. And to get a call (that is inaccurate) 6 days after the fact isn't good enough from a place like Four Seasons, especially not at that price point.Get it together Four Seasons!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,2/1/2012,760,197,12,11,12>Oh sushi chef of Sasabune, FEED MEEEE!! And yes, you did.5 Buh-Tah fish8 Salmons4 Unagi3 Albacore3 YellowtailWait....where is Ono? NO ONO?? OOOOHHHH-NOOOOOOO!!!(dock off one star)....proceed to order more Buh-Tah Fish2 Crab Rolls1 Kampachi1 Tamago2 Unagi Roll1 Salmon Skin RollCrap load of sushi (about $125 bucks worth) later, I pat my sashimi loaded belly and wiggled out of Sasabune.oh...sidenote, I didn't eat this all by myself...(i can eat, but def not that much) lol
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,1/31/2012,147,177,16,19,15>Fresh lettuce, tomatoes, zucchini, cucumbers, carrots, bell peppers, watermelon, grapes, apples, blueberries, raspberries, cheddar, provolone and goat cheese. No I did not just walk through farmer's market writing down everything I saw. This is what came in a container of goodness that I called lunch today.As I had been sitting on my jiggle jam all day, I decided I was in need of a walk and a light healthy meal. I yelped lunch and as my chevro-legs will only take me so far, I zeroed in on the local places within hoofing distance. To my great misfortune it was everything that I already knew. I even tried to take a second look at the menus in hopes of something I'd missed before, but my Irish luck had better things to do. It was around page seven that Old Torrance Coffee & Tea caught my eye. I didn't expect anything but drinks and pastries, but with only one page to go I was getting desperate. A review or two mentioned sandwiches and salads and that was all this yelper needed. A brisk walk into Old Torrance, and there she was, right off of Marcelina. It is a tiny little place with a few tables inside and a few more outside. If you're planning to sit and relax and sip on a drink you should take note of the weather, because a warm day like today meant a warm inside, but there are a couple of fans and maybe you can just make your drink iced. Anyway, back to me and more importantly, my lunch. I was interested in this half sandwich, salad, and fruit combo their menu bragged about. The only dilemma was the sandwich selection: meat, meat, meat, meat, and meat. When the very helpful girl behind the counter asked what I wanted, I asked if there were any meatless sandwiches to which she replied, well we can certainly make a veggie sandwich for you! Perfect. I was kind of taking a gamble because I have had this happen before and I have ended up with a slice of kraft cheese between two pieces of bread, but even that sounded appetizing by this point, so I asked no questions. About $8 later I was handed a container that was taped shut because salad wanted to come bursting out the sides. Awesome.A less brisk walk back to the office because I was now hungry and tired, and voila, my hard work was rewarded. I don't know everything that was on my veggie sandwich, but it was delicious. There were cheeses and veggies and a fantastic mustard. I think they should consider adding it to the menu, because I promise it would beat out the turkey and cheese or whatever. The salad and fruit were a complete surprise. I know side salads and they are small, unimpressive, and usually somewhat of a joke. Not this puppy. The mixed greens came in a cornucopia of lettuce. Can we say Iron Chef? Plating earns points my friends. Then there were the Godzilla slices of cucumbers, carrots, and zucchini! Let's not forget their Godzilla-sized cousin the watermelon. That was a meal on its own. There was also the green apple slice that was sprinkled with cinnamon! What! Who does that? It was heaven. Everything was so tasty and fresh. I cannot wait to be hungry again so I can eat some more.I'm going to stop ragging on my Irish luck.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,1/30/2012,4014,2434,24,32,30>Sweet Rose Creamery is a gourmet ice cream parlor from the creators of Rustic Canyon and Huckleberry.  It is located in the nice and cozy Brentwood Country Mart.  Sweet Rose Creamery offers ice cream (including non-dairy options) by the scoop, sundaes with housemade toppings and frozen treats (like ice cream sandwiches).  While their ice cream is not as good as Carmela in Pasadena, Sweet Rose Creamery is the best ice cream shop I've tried on the Westside.Brentwood Country Mart is an older establishment (with a small town feel).  Even though the market features high-end boutiques, they have kept the old-fashioned country marketplace structure and theme.  I like how Sweet Rose Creamery both embraces that style in the decor (with a throwback logo) as well as the menu, which features old-fashioned frozen desserts like fudge pops.  Sweet Rose Creamery definitely feels right at home at Brentwood Country Mart.The ice cream is good.  It has a firmness to it, but it also quite creamy.  Their chocolate flavor is good.  It is rich and has a very attractive color.  The chocolate is also smooth and velvety and tastes like a really good frozen pot de creme.They have many other flavors here and several of them are traditional flavors like mint chocolate chip, strawberry, banana, vanilla, and cookies and cream.  The cookies and cream is good here (sweet with a good mix of chocolate cookies).  They also have less traditional flavors like salted caramel and earl grey.  I like Carmela's salted caramel more than Sweet Rose because it has a better balance, but the salted caramel at Sweet Rose is still good and has a great color.  They change their flavors quite a bit so some might not be available on some days.Sweet Rose provides a more generous portion of ice cream than they do at Carmela.  Ice cream is available in a cup or a waffle cone (vanilla or chocolate).  I have only had the chocolate waffle cone, but I would say it is a pass.  The waffle cone has a taste similar to a chocolate beignet and it is quite dry.Their sundaes here are slightly expensive (starting at $7.50), but they feature several housemade toppings.  They have custom sundaes and build-your-own sundaes.  I did not care for the Butterscotch Crunch Sundae--too much of one flavor and too crunchy (too much of a workout to eat).  Their banana split sundae was better.The banana split sundae consisted of two scoops of ice cream (vanilla and chocolate though I substituted chocolate for salted caramel), hot fudge, whipped cream, crispy almonds, and chocolate sauce.  Like all of their sundaes, this one was a nice presentation.  The ice cream was firm enough so that it did not melt when the sauce hit it.  Also, the toppings were good.  The almonds had a very crunchy texture and were slightly sweet; they almost tasted candied though I think if they were candied, they were only lightly candied.I also did a build-your-own-sundae and it was good as well, I opted for vanilla and Caffe Luxxe coffee ice cream (you get two scoops with each sundae and you can pick two different flavors).  The sundae was topped with chocolate fudge, chocolate dipped grahams and fresh whipped cream.  Everything in the sundae was good though while the whipped cream had a good amount of thickness to it, I do prefer a really thick whipped cream (like schlag).It was the best sundae I have had in a while.  Many restaurants do not do sundaes anymore and if they are doing them, the sundaes will often feature big brand ice cream and canned whipped cream.  Some restaurants get the sundae right though.  While I am not a huge fan of everything at Lawry's, they do make a very good hot fudge sundae (one of the best I've had).That being said, Sweet Rose Creamery is a good option if you want a premium sundae but do not want to head to a sit-down restaurant like Lawry's to get one.  The only thing they need to watch is their garnish (they should try to make sure to use fresher strawberries on all occasions or just not use them at all since they are just a garnish).Service is usually good here.  Maybe it is because they are less busy and thus less stressed, but I find the service here better than sister order-at-the-counter spot Huckleberry.Sweet Rose Creamery is one of the better ice cream parlors in Los Angeles.  I like them much more than some of the other gourmet spots like LA Creamery and Milk though I would still take Carmela over them.  I have tried several of their flavors and I have been impressed with their consistency in delivering both great tasting ice cream and nice texture across their many flavors.  Their consistent high quality makes them worth a try if you frequent the Santa Monica, Brentwood or Westwood areas.Parking is available in the Brentwood County Mart's free lot, but parking can be difficult to find there.  Parking is also available on the street by meter.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,1/29/2012,345,235,8,10,12>O-- ther as in not your average bar. Wine & beer only.T--  he dark concrete atmosphere is pretty chillH-- eard the noise levels can get boisterous, but not last nightE-- njoyed the Framboise beer, which is on tapR-- ated it 4 stars because staff was friendly and the restrooms were clean.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,1/28/2012,265,251,8,9,9>This place is AMAZING GOOD! Their Guacamole is absolutely awesome. The server brings out the ingredients and mixes it in front of you. That's a whole lot of guacamole for 9 bucks.I had their seared tuna salad, really really amazing as well. They pre-splited the plate for me and my mom. I love nice little touch like that. Their service is very good. Mom and I had a really wonderful lunch. Unless it's very sunny, the patio might be slightly cold. Bring a jacket just in case! Sweet spot! Note: Check -in for free margarita!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,1/27/2012,240,550,15,18,16>I scanned thru the last 40 reviews for Wendy's and noticed there are two words absent from every single review: OAT MEAL!   Wait... isn't that one word?   OK, stop it.... I hear your grumbles of disapproval and YES... I also see your lip curling.   Come on, you're not sucking on a lemon here, it's just oatmeal... so get a grip.The oatmeal Wendy's serves IS NOT that gloppy, slimy, starchy bowl of EEWWW you had when you were growing up, nor is it like the instant stuff you give your kids today.   This is a wonderful bowl of oatmeal goodness that really is worth eating!Every oat flake is at least 2X the size of other stuff and DOES NOT stick together (i.e. Uncle Ben's rice) so the TEXTURE is a complete 180 of what you'd expect.   Yes..... it IS still oatmeal, so the flavor is similar to the "normal" stuff, but the textural difference is what really makes it unique!  yelp.com/biz_photos/wend…They serve it with a dab of butter and a heavy sprinkle of cinnamon, with brown sugar, raisins and non-fat or whole milk on the side. YUM YUM!  At $4.50 for the regular bowl, it's well worth the price of admission!Yes of course their chicken fried steak, french toast and other breakfast items are really good too, but the oatmeal is THE reason I schlepped up there from Long Beach this morning!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,1/26/2012,3170,1316,21,28,27>**MY HAWAIIAN WET DREAM CAME TRUE AT KING'S HAWAIIAN BAKERY & RESTAURANT**My BFF was right.This place was DA BOMB.We drove through Torrance (reminded me of San Jose) in order to taste the heavenly pastries and solid Hawaiian dishes here.Parking was a bit challenging.Reminded me of an Hawaiian Denny's.The bakery was awesome. ORDERED:*BEAR'S CLAW - A bit bland, but good.*COCONUT STICK - I didn't like this as much as some people.*APPLE TURNOVER - Hands down WINNER. Tasted better the next day. Reminded me of McD's apple pies when they were good.We were seated after waiting around for 10 minutes.Lots of families.ORDERED:*OX TAIL SOUP - Came in a big ass pho bowl. Broth was very similar to pho soup. Came with rice and mac salad. It was a meal in itself.*KAHLUA SANDWICH - Very tasty and served on King's Hawaiian sweet bread. It was heaven in my mouth.They also served the King's Hawaiian rolls at the table.Our waitress was friendly and efficient.Fun place.RECOMMEND.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,1/25/2012,400,235,5,13,10>We finalized the adoption and got our little baby home! The entire process was really easy....once we knew what dog we wanted to adopt, we filled an application on site. Christina was really nice and called me back in a day saying the board had approved my application. They did a home visit the next day...mostly wanted to see if we had a fenced backyard as I had written in the application. And then we got to pick up our little fur ball....overall, an easy and painless process. If you want to adopt a rescue dog, I would definitely recommend visiting Lange.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,1/24/2012,2650,519,12,16,13>4.5 STARSThe boyfriend took me here (it's my first time ever). We came early around 9am...there was one parking spot left. He's been here several times and said parking is usually a problem. One time he had to park all the way down Corral Canyon Road. So the earlier the better.A little bit of historical background. This area once belonged to a family who lived in a stone cottage that was built 1865 (and survived many wildfires). There was also another property built in 1952 which was also consumed by fire in 2007. What's interesting is that we saw remnants of the cottage, wheelbarrow, and a designated area where they used to pray. Then there was a Mary statue (the head was cut off). The boyfriend said her head was still attached last time he was there a few months back. It kinda gave me the creeps. But overall very interesting. It was like walking in a backyard where someone used to live. He took me on an easier route. We saw a few waterfalls and the scenery was beautiful. As we were hiking up a few hills, I was already huffing and puffing. And I'm in excellent shape. I was trying to hide my hard breathing to act cool around the boy, lol. It will make you break off a sweat and your ass will be hurtin' for a few days after. Once we passed the hills...it was all down hill that took us back to the lot.  We finished the trail in about an hour.  There are different trails (more challenging trails) all along the canyon. You can literally spend the entire day here. It was particularly quiet the day we went, although we ran into a lot of hikers. Highly recommend that you bring lots of water. Luckily the time we went there was an overcast....which eventually burned off mid-day. You can also bring your dogs here.I'm a bit queasy about their public bathrooms, so beware....eeek.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,1/22/2012,167,191,13,16,17>Thank goodness for the nearby feature on the yelp app, CG & I didn't want to venture too far out for dinner one night so we decided to give this place a try.As we walked in we were quickly greeted and offered a seat at the bar. As we browsed through the menu, I must admit I was feeling a bit intimidated with the variety of items offered. Yet still I was feeling adventurous so the waiter recommended the black garlic ramen, but after I saw it being served to another customer, I decided to play it safe and ordered Shisen Ramen instead. The ramen was ready in no time and boy was it delicious!  Yes, the broth looked scary but after one sip I was a fan. Since then I've ventured out and tried the black garlic ramen and the chicken ramen as well as the fried rice.  All of which are yummy in my book. Plus they have amazing lunch and dinner deals, which include ramen and up to two side items plus a beer on tap for less than $15.There is a  $20 minimum if your using plastic so either venture out with friends or carry some cash.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,1/21/2012,333,240,12,9,9>:::::SUPERJACKPOTPARTYDISCOLIGHTSDANCINGCELEBRATIO­N::::::Weeeeee! It's my 100th review!!! To celebrate, I'm going to to make myself drool and talk about how much I am OBSESSED with the sammies at Mendocino Farms. When I'm not eating food from mendocino farms, I'm thinking, talking or dreaming about food from this little slice of sandwich heaven. Pretty much totally obsessed with this place as much as I am with boyz 2 men since I went to their concert a few months ago. No seriously, they are still alive and fucking amazing.My favs:FARM CLUB - bacon. turkey. avocado. hooooooly shizz. so good. HANDS DOWN the best sandwich that I've ever scarfed. I've had this one three or four times and each time it's exactly as orgasmic as the last! It's like listening to "I'll Make Love to You" on repeat on a sunny day running in a field of flowers with the Wanye wearing a v-neck sweater vest. If you eat this sandwich and don't love it, you're probably dead inside.PORK BELLY BANH MI - inspired by my peepz and it is well done! Pork belly - YUM. includes mandatory pickled carrots/daikon and smothered in a creamy aioli. Takes me straight back to 1990 - Motown Philly blasting from my cheap red radio and my mom's home cooking. I've had other things at Mendo but I always stick to my favs!!! You can't go wrong!! It's going to take a lot for me and Mendo to get to the "End of the Road" baby!
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,1/20/2012,1682,713,21,22,21>This is my favorite place to head to when I want a yummy dessert in this part of town.All the goodies look so delicious when you walk in and see them in the display case that I always have a hard time deciding what I want!I've had several items over my various visits such as the Chocolate Gourmet Ding Dong which was pretty awesome.  I never liked Ding Dongs growing up as a kid but this one change my attitude toward Ding Dongs.  The Red Velvet Cupcake is really enjoyable to eat too.  It's one of my favorite treats to get here.  They're made really moist and topped with a super delicious buttercream frosting.  I'm really tempted to eat two of them, it's that good.I've had the macarons which were nice and they also serve Lappert's ice cream now too.  I've also had one of their chocolate cakes and some little liquor cups which were all tasty.If you haven't tried this bakery, you really should because you'd become a fan and will probably want to go every day!  Melissa and the gang are really friendly and accommodating that it makes it a really comfortable place to spend some time and to treat yourself to some tantalizing desserts.They serve coffee drinks both hot and cold and they have free wifi too.  Visit Essential Chocolate and plop down on one of the tables and enjoy some delicious dessert and coffee as you ponder the meaning of life!
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,1/19/2012,306,419,23,17,16>Total Wine has so much sex appeal that I'm fairly sure I was impregnated when I walked through the front door.Aisle after aisle, bottle after bottle, it was hard to keep my hands to myself. I've even promised myself that if I ever hit it big and get run over by a city vehicle, I'm totally buying my own Total Wine store and living in it. It would then only be a matter of time before Robin Leach is hired to narrate my very own episode of MTV Cribs: Wine Store Edition."With over 20,000 square feet of wines, spirits and beers, Hugo C. continues his reign as king of this alcohol castle," Robin would say in his better-than-melted-butter voice. Then, I would give a tour of the store, "This is the Tequila aisle. It doesn't get used much except for Cinco de Mayo. Right down here is the Imported Beers and Malt Beverages section -- this is typically where you'll find me and the guys on Sunday. Moving right along, this is the Champagne aisle. The family mostly gets together here for New Year's Eve, but it's also...how do you say, uh, where the magic happens!"
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,1/18/2012,186,1211,17,25,24>Ciara G and I came here for brunch on this gorgeous sunny Sunday, and was reminded of the elegant ambience, the stellar service, AND the wonderful food!We were greeted warmly and seated immediately at a window table.  Our gracious server Daniel was attentive and gracious thoughout our leisurely brunch, and I appreciated how knowledgeable he was about all the dishes.We ordered coffees - regular for Ciara and decaf for me - and our cups were kept filled throughout our meal.  Their decaf was AWESOME - super dark and strong and rich - exactly what I needed this morning!Before we ordered, Daniel brought us freshly baked little biscuits and soft butter with a touch of cinnamon and apple within its whipped-light texture.  I love lightly flavored butters, and I could have eaten the butter alone!All the food was plated beautifully, and tasted amazing:For each: Smoked Salmon Amuse Bouche - a nice surprise!  A few bites of delectable smoked salmon, topped with lightly dressed baby field greens, thinly sliced red onion, capers, and finely diced hard cooked egg.  Carefully incorporating a bit of each element into each forkful, and then dipping into the creamy sauce was totally worth the extra care when its final burst of combined flavors hit my tastebuds!Me: Fanny Bay Oysters ($9) - three raw oysters on the half shell, served on a bed of ice, with a fennel mignonette and lemon wedge.  Lightly dressed deep green seaweed topped each oyster.  The seaweed and the super fresh oysters, with a tiny squeeze of lemon and a bit of mignonette, epitomized the flavors of the ocean.  SO fresh, SO light, with a mild nuttiness from the toasted sesame seeds in the seaweed.  AMAZING!CG: Zucchini & Spinach Soup ($9) - I had a bite of Ciara's soup and it was AWESOME!  Why do I always forget that Ciara picks amazing soups?  My delicious spoonful had a chunk of tender dungeness crab meat within the creamy soup, highlighted by a perfect amount of seasoning.  I see soups in my future after this experience!Shared: Rainbow Trout ($22) - served with tender-crisp haricot verts, ever-so-lightly-dressed spinach leaves, delectable pearl onions, and pancetta pieces that were appropriate for a praise-the-lard-Sunday kinda vibe for CG!  The veggies were awesome with the lemon beurre blanc sauce, served in its own mini pourer.  The fish itself was served in 2 perfectly boneless halves - cooked PERFECTLY, and amazing with that sauce!  Me: Shrimp Frittata ($14) - plump and (again) PERFECTLY cooked plump shrimp, leeks and a light amount of melty cheese made this frittata healthy and delicious.  A lightly dressed baby field greens salad with a slight sweetness to it complemented the frittata.  SO good!CG: Duck Confit Chilequiles ($16) - CG was right when she said these were amazing!  A scoop of soft, mildly spicy and very flavorful chilequiles, filled with tender duck meat took center stage next to fluffy scrambled eggs and a side of roasted tomatillo salsa.  I took a bite of the chilequilles and was wowed, and then took another bite with a bit of the soft goat cheese that came crumbled on top, and was *WOWED*!  It was hard to choose between the Brown Butter Tart, the Black Forest Trifle and the Orange Blossom Cheesecake, so we consulted server Daniel.  Based on his detailed descriptions of each, we decided on:Shared: Orange Blossom Cheesecake ($8.50) - a generous square of cheesecake was plated with an artful squiggle of bright pomegranate raspberry reduction. Three fresh raspberries and a crispy tuille completed the lovely presentation, and were DELICIOUS with the cheesecake.  The (lightly) sweet and (also lightly) flowery orange blossom essence lightened the experience of this rich dessert.  I enjoyed this WAY more than I anticipated!This is the second time I've been here, and the food, ambience and service never ceases to impress me.  Whenever I hear a restaurant has stellar views like this one, I always brace myself for less-than-wonderful food - but this is definitely not the case with The Restaurant at The Getty.The last time I was here, our server was so wonderful that I saw him today and remembered him - so I have to acknowlege that Dylan and Daniel are both the epitome of wonderful servers, in every way.  A huge thank you to the brilliant Chef, our wonderful server Daniel, our gracious bussers, and everyone here for making this the best Sunday brunch experience ever!
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2011,1/17/2012,1821,475,50,36,38>Dear Roy Choi,I wish that you were my boyfriend so that you could make me breakfast in the morning, pack me a lunch for work, and make me beer can chicken every night of the week.  We could do fun things like watch Glee while eating those delicious pickles, or go tandem bike riding on the weekends.  It would be so much fun.  Think about it...Big Kisses,MikePS.  Your bittersweet tempura is also very good and next time I'm hoping for a cream pie I mean hoping to try the banana bacon cream pie.PSS.  Will you marry me? Its legal in CA I think...
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,1/16/2012,1712,1003,57,58,56>For my 700th, imma hype the unicorn poop (see Ariz Gs review) out of this place!!Cuz every mochi lover needs to get on this. And if ur one of those peeps who tend to downgrade based on hype alone, and if u end up saying meh to these beauties: I say more for me ninjas! Muahhahah!After reading Maggie Cs review, I could not wait to try these. I knew already I would love them. They look soooo pretty in the case! I wanted them all! yelp.com/biz_photos/4O4o…At $1.80 ea, u can buy these phenomaballs individually wrapped or if u get 6 or 12 , u get a nifty black box of them.  yelp.com/biz_photos/4O4o…The ones in the case are display only and once u get them  u have to let them thaw a bit. Unlike in mochi icecream  the mochi is a tad thicker and inside will b a nice soft but strong tasting cream. I have tried so far double mango, blueberry yogurt, apple pie, orange cheese, chocolate and chocolate banana. All were tasty. Some I was ok with the one time. For sure im going back for the double mango, apple pie and chocolate banana. I also had a pistachio macaron  which was pretty good, not paulette good  but I would get it again if I were craving. They also have some rollcakes as well. They have a total of 24 flavors from.gaigin friendly sweet fruit and chocolate flavors to stuff asiany peeps would love like sakura, black sesame and green tea.Also pls don't b one of those peculiar people who ignore everything bold and highlighted and order some obscure flavor no one raves about and rate this place a two star!!!*updateSakura Flavor- mmm cherry blossom. Makes me want to jump into an onsenCranberry Honey- another fave. very sweet. Rum Raisin (spelled ram raisen)= A OK.Sweet potato: interestingly good. Raspberry miellefille: love the rasp jelly & crunchy pieces inside! Green Zunda Soybean- AVOID- tastes like edamame babyfoodRed Sweet Potato- pretty good. i like the yellow sweet potato betterHouji tea- flavors seemed mild. Black Sesame- good strong flavors. But an acquired taste.White chocolate- too sweet for my taste but i like the tiny white chocolate pieces inside. Darjeeling Tea- interesting. Caramel Machiatto- pretty good! light on the coffee flavor.**FINALLY TRIED GREEN TEA! (5/12)- very STRONG flavor- bordering on bitter. The sweet cream in the middle helps, but those who like sweeter GT flavors- might try something else. * i hope to see new additions such as strawberry or pineapple for me, grape for dude, peanut butter for Craig and bacon for Ciara & Cesar :)
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,1/15/2012,431,476,11,13,10>Woohoo finally open!The ONLY coco ichibanya in the 48 contiguous US states! and I live in walking distance of it!I don't wanna build up the hype - whether you like it or not is up to you, but when I was in Japan, this was my go-to place when I wanted quick, delicious grub.The service at this place has a lot to learn - they didn't give us utensils, they didn't give us water, they didn't bring the check when we asked for a box. When you come here, follow the instructions on the menu, it's not that hard. I can see people complaining that their curry was boring with just rice and no spice. It's right there with 4 numbers. just follow it. nuff said.This place is an authentic Japanese Coco Ichibanya experience with the little metal cylinders on the table (for the receipt, a practice not done here in the US), all the side fixin's, and the mostly Japanese speaking staff. My only gripe is that the potato salad consistency is nothing like the one in Japan. It's really creamy here, I'm used to the solid consistency that comes in an ice cream scoop dollop on top of lettuce. The sesame salad dressing is a personal favorite and I think every restaurant should have it. Get your curry on. I don't recommend going above Level 5 heat, personally. Feel free to call me a pussy and prove your machismo. I dare you.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,1/14/2012,475,700,9,13,11>I've been waiting forever what seemed like forever to try this place.  It was the cute penguin logo that caught my attention.  It reminded me of the video game Pengo.  I loved that game.  Now, there is another shaved ice place that just opened down the street, so I was curious how this place was different.  Turns out that instead of shaving ice and pouring various flavored syrups on it, Blockheads creates blocks of ice made of various ingredients.  For example, if you want strawberry, the block of ice is made of strawberries, cream. etc.  Then, they take the ice and thinly shave down the ice and serve it with various toppings like fresh fruit and drizzles like condensed milk or chocolate syrup. Being a Blockhead virgin, I asked the employee what was the most popular choices. He recommended the mango and the black sesame.  So, the mister got the black sesame with oreos, rice cakes and drizzle of chocolate syrup. I had the mango with mango puree, rice cake and condensed milk.  Both were delicious!  The black sesame tasted like chocolate, but with hints of sesame.  The consistency of the ice was almost like ice cream, smooth and creamy.  It was a nice surprise.  The storefront is nice and spacious with several tables and chairs both in and out to chillax and enjoy your dessert. There metered street parking or if you want to walk a bit, there is some street parking in the neighborhoods.  I will definitely come back.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,1/13/2012,400,155,10,19,14>Thanks, fellow Yelpers, for your reviews and photos leading me to this place - a nice find in South Bay for Burgers, Shakes, Fries !I had the feeling they are still experimenting a bit and finding their way, but they are off to a great start.  They said they recently changed over the fresh cut french fries to  leave more of the skin on - that is a good move, as it's tastier, and just more "real."   I can't say it's healthier since all those extra vitamins and minerals are heated up to frying temperature.  Anyway they taste great, especially when cooked to a real crisp outside !   They offer regular fries or "seasoned", but I got them plain, and asked for ranch dressing and a small cup of the seasoning salt on the side - now I'm in charge !  One order was plenty for two.Angus Beef Hamburger was great as well, though it took them two tries to get it cooked medium rare as I requested.  Actually, I wouldn't have sent it back except for I didn't taste much of the Blue Cheese I asked them to add ( They have many types of cheese to choose from that you can add for just 50 cents. )   When my re-do burger came out ( pretty quickly ) it was cooked just right  and had an abundance of great tasting sharp blue cheese. The  Original Hamburger is $3.99, choice of 5 different cheeses are 50 cents , Lettuce Wrap and Grilled Onion are no extra charge.    Whole Wheat Bun available too.   Applewood Smoked Bacon or Avocado can be added to any burger for $1 each, or get them both for $1.50 if you order the "Lomita Burger."   So I know there's gonna be a next time soon!Thanks to several of you suggesting it, I tried the Chocolate Shake and it was really outstanding !  We're talking dark double chocolate, "prize winning" ice cream, with whip cream topping !  I got two spoons to share with my buddy, though they also put a giant diameter straw for anyone who thinks they can actually drink a shake this thick !  The shakes are currently $4.49, but I suggested to them that they could sell a lot more of them at $3.99 - what do you think ?  Let our voices be heard ! Vegetarians have a nice array of choices to build a good sandwich / meal here:  Cheeses:   American, Blue, Cheddar, Pepper Jack, Provolone, and SwissAvocado, GuacamoleGrilled or raw Onions, Sauteed Mushrooms, Grilled PineappleAll the usual sandwich makings:  Lettuce, Tomato, Pickles, Onion, Special Sauce, Mayo,  Mustard, BBQ Sauce, Teriyaki SauceGarden Burger Patty, Whole Wheat or Sesame White Hamburger BunThey also offer to make a Lettuce Wrap with or without Grilled OnionsYou can also get the Fries topped with their BCG spread, melted cheese of your choice, and grilled onions ( $3.99 )Unless you're vegan, you could also enjoy their super good Shakes !The beverage bar here includes many, many choices - not sure I remember them all, but they included Lemonade, Flavored Iced Tea, Root Beer, Coke & Diet Coke, and my choice Dr Pepper.Drinks are $1.79 and Fries are $1.99 but you can get them both by ordering the "make it a meal" for $2.99 -  Why not save the 79 cents, it'll buy you a nice slice of cheese !
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,1/12/2012,2282,550,17,22,21>Very cool restaurant and atmosphere. We were looking for a place to eat on a weekend day and decided to give The Misfit a try. We sat down by the window and proceeded to order. My friend had mentioned that the oysters here were yummy, but I wasn't in the mood for oysters. However, it was happy hour and they had sangrias for $3.50 a glass. BTW, HH is 12-7 pm every day, so indulge! I only had one since it was the middle of the day.What we ordered:Ahi tuna burger, pan seared medium rare, meyer lemon aioli, avocado: Pretty damn tasty! I would have liked it if they didn't toast the bread. Toast and my mouth don't get along. Too hard for me. Other than that, good solid dish. ($12)Baked mac + cheese, green chile, brown rice pasta + chorizo: Good lord, this was a dish to behold! It was super heavy, but delish. I found it a bit greasy for my taste, but then again, I kept eating it. Definitely a dish to share, as I don't forsee anyone eating this by themselves. ($14)Prime rib french dip sliders, seasoned + sliced to order, homemade au jus: Yum! Another great dish, 2 sliders per dish. i liked the au jus which added flavor without being salty. ($13)Fried chicken: 2 pieces of fried goodness. I loved the crispy skin and sweet mustard dipping sauce. You need to try this if you're a fan of fried chicken. Sure beats KFC by a mile! The service was good and attentive. Music was way too loud. I would prefer to be able to hear my companions in the middle of the day, but loud music is fine at night. I'd definitely come back. They also have bottomless mimosas!PIx - bit.ly/ylfcg2
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,1/11/2012,561,853,9,16,11>It pays to have a birthday two weeks after our anniversary.  It also pays to have my birthday on carmaggedon weekend, forcing us to stay close to home.  It was a no-brainer for us......Mastro's Steakhouse.  This time, it was not only my husband and I, but also my father and my daughter.  Here's a run-down of what we ordered.....Appetizers: Crab-stuffed Mushrooms....a taste for each of us.  Good....but honestly, not great.  The flavor didn't explode in my mouth....as crab should.  I also didn't think they cooked it enough, and they weren't piping hot...as if they had bubbled under the broiler.Lobster Bisque....ultra rich & creamy...one taste and that was enough.  It really was THAT rich.  INCREDIBLE blending of flavors.French Onion Soup....strong onion and beef stock flavor, perhaps a tad bit too much salt, yet, very tasty.  Great cheesy topping.Caesar Salad....outstanding garlic croutons - freshly made, dressing wasn't quite as good this time as it was a couple of weeks ago.  Not sure what the problem was.  Just didn't have the "wow" factor tonite.  Still really good, just not great.Entrees:Rack of Lamb....there's a reason I ordered it again.  My daughter ordered it, as well.  It was sublime.  Perfection.  I counted on the fact that we would have leftovers.  We do, and yaaaaaaaaaaaaaay.  What a great meal for tomorrow !!!!!Bone-in Ribeye....I'm not a steak person, but I tasted this (husband ordered it), and OMG, it was so tender and flavorful.  Really amazing.  Another dish with HUGE portions.....he has leftoevers, too. Chilean Sea Bass....wow, this was soooooo good.......very, very soft and buttery with a panko bread crumb topping.  It was delicious, but compared to our entrees, not that big a piece of fish.  It's okay, though, my dad still managed to have a little bit leftover to take home.Sides: (each one serves enough for 3-4 people easily)Garlic Mashed Potatoes....had them last time.......even more garlicky tonite (that's a GOOD thing !)Sauteed Asparagus....again, had it last time......just as delicious as 2 weeks agoOnion Rings....not a fan of fried foods, per se, but I tried one, and these were incredibly light in terms of both the batter and how they were fried....but then, I fully expect that from a place like this.  They pride themselves on outstanding food preparation....and it sure shows.Desserts:Chocolate Layer Cake....(they brought that with a candle for my birthday)....last time, it was for our anniversary......such a nice touch.... and oh so goooooooooooooood.Creme Brulee....very creamy, rich - but not overpoweringly so, and perfectly crystallized sugar topping.  This was one of the best I've ever had anywhere.Cheesecake....very creamy cheesecake with sour cream topping.  They served it with fresh fruit.  The cheesecake was a bit too heavy for my liking.  It had a great flavor, and it was creamy, but it just felt heavy on my tongue.  I guess I prefer a little lighter texture.Chocolate-Dipped Strawberries....to know my daughter is to know that chocolate-dipped strawberries are her absolute favorite.  For me, they tasted like any other (and they were good), but to her, they were noticeably better than usual.  She thought the chocolate was a much higher quality.Because we were with more people this time, we sampled more things, which was fun for me.  I felt that our waitress this time was not nearly as attentive or detail-oriented as Erin, our waitress from 2 weeks ago.  Although we had asked for Erin again, we learned she wasn't working tonite.  Amazing what a difference it makes to go from perfection........to just "very good."  This one tonite wasn't bad, she just wasn't perfection.  I definitely noticed it.  Anyway, it was still a very pleasant dining experience, and I would (and will) come back here again....and again.  It's gonna be awhile, though.  These meals burned a hole in our wallets, to be sure........but yes, it was WORTH EVERY PENNY.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,1/10/2012,318,335,11,12,14>5 stars for the shoe string fries alone! I absolutely love their fries! It just might be the best shoe string fries I've ever had... Oh so heavenly! I ordered The Ultimate plate which came with a side of cucumber salad, hummus, fries, and 2 seasoned minced beef meat balls lol. The plate doesn't look very appetizing but the meat and fries were very good. The hummus was ok as was the cucumber salad. Baklava which was also included was DELICIOUS, and the pink lemonade was fresh and refreshing... Next time I'm in the area and there's a rumbling in my tummy... Sababa is where I'll be... oh, and it's conveniently located right next to Poke Poke... the 2 best eateries on Venice boardwalk. :)
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,1/9/2012,900,807,14,15,16>I really love Akane Chaya, and usually have a craving for it once a week. They know mom and I pretty well, two Italian spaghettis, one hot coffee and one iced tea. At $8 a plate, it comes with a small side salad and a bread roll that is seriously my favorite bread anywhere. When it's hot, it's super soft on the inside and it has this crust that it just perfectly crusty and is the epitome of what the outer shell of a bread roll should be. They're not as liberal with the free refills on rolls anymore, because I think they charge now if you want more. But it's that good, that sometimes I do go for it. Their Italian spaghetti is my all time fave because it has a light tomato sauce, a few pieces of sliced ham, some mushrooms and slivers of green peppers. Different from Spoonhouse for sure, but unique. And the chef has been there as long as I can remember and he is ALWAYS the one cooking.If you go before noon, you get your drink free (coffee or tea, but not iced coffee), and they will refill until 1. So it's a good deal for lunchtime.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,1/8/2012,591,938,9,13,10>BACON Maple Ice cream!! ~ A must try!This is the CUTEST ice cream store for kids or adult!! Lived in the neighborhood for almost 30 years, and passed by it so many times, never would I stop in. Why? Not because it wasn't good or was tempting, I just need to stay away from that store. The less I know about a dessert store, the better.. :-PLast night was Manhattan Beach Lighting festival, so I went in. They were giving out free home made ice cream, cupcakes, and home made Cinnamon chips! FREE!! Scoops and scoops of Bacon Maple and Banana ice cream were giving away. Did I taste the bacon?.. not really but it was a little salty taste with that maple syrup ice cream and it made it tastes SOOO good! They had some of the old school candies like Pop Rocks, cigarette candies, lemonhead, etc! With my purchase, they gave me a slice of caramel chocolate apple! YUM!I scored some Candy cane pop rocks and was popping them all day on my tongue!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,1/7/2012,392,810,14,18,17>After my date drove us around aimlessly for a bit (in a cute way) he spied this place and made a quick job of parking. He must have known how much I enjoy the vegan foods because this was the perfect spot for lunch.I was immediately ecstatic when I noticed that not only do they sell Kombucha but they also sell Alternative Baking company vegan cookies. Yum!! The menu is perfect. It has plenty of options for meat eaters but mostly specializes in Vegan/Vegetarian delights. I had a hard time deciding on what to eat because everything looked so scrumptious. After finally settling on the raw kale salad with a side of tomato soup and a Gingerade Kombucha we took our numbers and sat down. I was so excited that they had cucumber water. double yum!!This place is casual but it has a good vibe and the clientele looked comfy in the couches enjoying their food and working on their laptops.Our food was out in under ten minutes and the kale salad looked exquisite. I was so impressed. AND it tasted even better. The kale was balanced with some dried cranberries, and a lovely sprinkling of pecans. The lemon dressing it was tossed with was the perfect complement. Plus the soup was hearty and delicious. Full of perfect tomato/basil flavor. I was quite a happy lady.I'm not ashamed to say that I eat meat these days but it does feel so nice to lighten up the menu with some perfect vegan foods. I will happily return to this gem and partake of their lovely and refreshing dishes.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,1/5/2012,1000,341,80,34,44>Attention please, attention please.  I and my fellow Southland foreigners have reached a consensus regarding your city.1.  It is too crowded.  Everyone, stop moving here.  Or stop buying cars.  Better yet, everyone who is already here: stop having children.  Thanks.2.  The people here suck.  Yes I said it.  We all say it.  We talk about how much you guys suck behind your backs.  I'm not talking about everyone who currently lives in LA; rather I am referring to the native-borns.  Your souls, like your city, are 95% concrete.  Not everyone's life revolves around the entertainment industry and celebrities.  There is, in fact, a wide array of careers out there that are in no way affiliated with film, television, or music - for example, accounting.  Teaching.  Productive things that help society instead of cluttering it.3.  We all see that huge gray cloud hovering over your entire city.  That is disgusting.  You should really do something about it.4.  Pets are not people.5.  In comparison to every other city in America except New York, your city is eternally interesting.  There will never be nothing left to do/see/discover should you spend your entire life span here.  Sometimes that is good, but it can most certainly be bad (ahem, Skid Row).6.  Everyone here either is or has at some point been an actor.  Or at least they consider themselves to be actors.7.  There is more advertising here than any other city in the United States.  Except New York, again.  We are convinced the only reason movies such as "Four Christmases" don't completely bomb at the box office, is because the citizens of LA have been brainwashed by brightly colored advertisements (plastered on every surface available) into buying tickets to see them.8.  Young people of LA.  There is more to life than clubbing.  In fact, clubbing sucks, and I have no idea as to why anyone does it.  That aside, should you choose to "club", it is surprisingly possible to have a good time (although not in my case) without rolling.9.  Hollywood is -10x as great as it is portrayed on the cinema-screen.  Paradoxically, on any given day of the year, there are more humans per square foot in this area than in any other part of the entire city.10.  Everybody here exercises regularly.  Well, not everyone, but the people who look good.  Yay for less fat people!  (Sorry fat people.)11.  Plastic surgery offices in strip malls?  Really?12.  Look, it's Lauren Conrad!  Oh wait, no, she's just dressed exactly like her.  Look, it's Kim Kardashian! Oops, nevermind, she's just dressed exactly like her.  Look, it's some celebrity that I don't know!  But I know that she must be a celebrity because she DRESSES EXACTLY LIKE THEM.13.  Vegans are no longer outcasts of society!  And they actually have restaurants specifically for us!14.  Mediocre 2-bed, 2-bath home in relatively safe area: $750,000.15.  Everyone is involved in, knows of someone involved in, or is related to someone involved in "the business".16.  You are not truly a member of society until you have some form of Lakers memorabilia. There's some other basketball team here too, but we don't care about them.17.  Contrary to what we were told, it IS about who you know.18.  If you're in college, either acquire a fake ID and a medical marijuana card, or live in isolation.19.  Upon returning to our respective hometowns, we are deeply saddened when we realize the 4 seasons of summer, almost-summer, post-summer, and rather-cold-but-still-basically-summer do not exist outside of SoCal.20.  During your time here, expect to receive no less than 3 parking tickets.  You guys do realize whose tax dollars are paying for those parking spaces (and ironically, the parking police), right?21.  Valley girls and Jeff Spicoli's actually exist in real life.22.  The LAPD is basically useless.23.  Driving is a skill.  Learn it.That about finishes it.  All hate mail can be addressed to my Yelp inbox, whereupon it will be read, mocked, and deleted.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,1/4/2012,1126,245,12,16,12>This ain't yo mama's Jamba Juice, son!This little cafe is nothing but organic vegetarian, vegan, raw goodness. No refined sugar, GMOs, MSG, etc. It is clean and bright and everything a wholesome cafe should be, with minimal hippie vibe. It's more like a slightly expanded Pinkberry than your typical raw foodist/vegan hangout. They often have samples, so don't be shy to ask for one if you're unsure about a certain smoothie, etc. If you are in a hurry, you can get "curbside pickup" where they will run your order down to you. Just call in advance!I go here mostly for the smoothies because I never seem to arrive during lunch hours of 11am to 4pm when they make sandwiches, wraps, salads, etc. All but one smoothie is dairy free, although they do use nut butters so if you're allergic to nuts beware. I'm a fan of the Kale smoothie (Kale, Banana, Almond Butter, Flaxseed, Agave), Superfood smoothie (Blueberry, Strawberry, Raspberry, Banana, Goji, Tocos, Spirulina, Almond Milk, Agave), and for the faint of heart they offer a very juicy California Sunset smoothie (Pineapple, Mango, Banana, Coconut Water, Goji Berries).The organic "toasties" look especially yummy -- grilled sourdough or honey wheat panini with veggie/vegan accoutrements and even a gluten free option.Got some sweet teeth? They offer Uncle Eddie's Vegan cookies (oatmeal chocolate chip is the bomb!), vegan cakes in lemon poppy seed, orange, chocolate, and vanilla wafer sandwich, the only ORGANIC frozen yogurt in Brentwood and a range of dairy free gelato that can be dressed up with toppings that contain no gelatin (safe for veggies and vegans).My friends have tried the chocolate frozen yogurt (vegan) and enjoyed it immensely. The gelato looks good and comes in a variety of flavors.Situated on the third floor of the Brentwood Gardens shopping center, the location is really not a big deal, especially since being top floor means you get some nice sunshine, breezes, and a semi-private patio area. Good place to meet for a date, a casual meeting with friends, or bring the kids for a guilt-free ice cream.Parking is easy with underground valet for $1/hr. Ask Rivva for validation before you leave! Just make sure you park underneath the BRENTWOOD GARDENS complex; not the Cheesecake Factory parking deck.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,1/3/2012,635,744,10,10,12>One of my favorite, favorite Yelp parties so far! Everyone I talked to agreed that this was one of the best of the best. I love the way Yelp lets us stay warm in the winter. Last year it was a pajama party, this year it was cozy sweaters. The alcohol makes it even warmer. Thanks for taking care of us, guys!I bought a large, furry atrocity from Ross and headed over. The night started off wonderfully with a guy getting into his car who saw me scouting his meter from the stoplight, and told me he would wait to leave so I could take his spot. Score! Right outside Fred Segal.Food and drinks were tucked away everywhere..... Umami Burger (sadly, they ran out of sliders when I was next in line and gave away potatoes instead), Yogurtland, Benny's Tacos (yum! And the staff is soooo nice!), Isabella's Cookies (my fave store-bought cookies), Firestone with awesome pint glasses, some wineries, and much more. I didn't even get to see everything because there was so much to do. It wasn't crowded, there was plenty of room to mingle, and with such a festive atmosphere. Fred Segal offered 20% off everything too.... as a cheap bastard, bargain-shopping, Ross-loving girl (wearing knockoff Uggs) who had never been here, I found the staff to be extremely nice and friendly and the store layout and offerings to be very impressive. I'd definitely come back.If there was ONE small thing I DIDN'T like, I wish more Yelpers had donned proper attire. Some people's definitions of "ugly sweater" weren't quite right.... the key word was UGLY, not something cute you'd wear out normally, people! But those who did dress up did a great job and brought the glitter, lights, pop-poms, kittens, and all that is tacky. Laura S, thank you for sacrificing your sweater while crossing the street for me :) Jenn Y, thank you for being my last-minute plus one.... I joked to a friend earlier that I had my first blind date with a girl, so I was lucky it was a pretty girl with good stories! Also great to see Peter D, Tom K, Chris Martin (haha!) Mike F, Brittany B, Katie B, Christina Y, and anyone else I may have missed! Thanks to everyone for making this a fantastic party!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2011,1/2/2012,861,371,14,15,16>Welcome home, Killer Shrimp... how we've missed you! Okay... since Lori and I were here for their pre-grand-opening-tasting-appreciation-night... I will bypass the service, which was nice, but extremely s l o w.  For the entree cost of $9.95 we got the following: - Shrimp with French Bread (rice or pasta were the alternatives) - It felt so good to have this in my mouth again after all these years!  I can't recall if we had the choice to pick how mild or spicy we wanted the broth, but yesterday, there was one choice: SPICY.  But tolerable.  Have water on hand. - FREE appetizer platter of their new items:           - tuna tartare with wonton crisps (this has cucumber which I despise, so I didn't have any)          -  crab cakes (yum!)          - popcorn shrimp (yum!)           - calamari (yum!)... served with a delicious creamy tartar/ranch dipping sauce.  FREE signature cocktails - they have a specialty one for each liquor: gin, rum, tequila, vodka, whiskey, a bunch of different beers on draft and wine.  FREE dessert of your choice: Key Lime Pie, Pecan-Potato Pie, Flourless Chocolate Cake with ice-cream. The KLP was amazing and I found myself making mmm... oooo... sounds with every bite! Although the simplicity of their old menu was golden... it was refreshing to see new things and since they're in a new top-notch location, over-looking and right next to the beautiful marina, it was a nice touch that they added these new menu items.  Yeah... this isn't your old Killer Shrimp no mo'!  This is the new and improved Killer Shrimp 2.0. .
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,1/1/2012,39,227,5,13,10>How have I not written a review for this place? I've been frequenting them since they opened and they do incredible work.  Nicole does my eyebrows for $10 and they look excellent.  She even told me not to get a massage because I was pregnant and she didn't want to risk anything.  Linh does my nails and also does an excellent job.  I think my favorite part is that they charge $17, but they spend close to an hour on your pedicure.  They never seem rushed, even when it's super busy.  The other thing is that I always call right before I show up to make sure they know I'm coming, and then they'll take me ahead of like 3 walk-ins just because I had an "appointment" and they knew I was coming. I think they do really good work for everyone, but they really, really take care of their regulars.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,12/30/2011,542,312,15,14,13>Definitely need to call in ahead of time. I made the rookie mistake and ended up watching almost two episodes of "Friends" mid-day. I was woefully unprepared and it was definitely a lesson in the importance of "unagi."The draw of B&R is undoubtedly their massive Monster Royale but you can get all the thrill without the Pepto Bismol in their other burgers too.  I went with the B&R Pastrami Combo w/ cheese, Fries, and a Strawberry Lemonade (costs extra). The total came out to $9.29 The thing was a messy but juicy burger and the pastrami had the texture of bacon as opposed to the curly thin kinds you get at delis or Fabulous Burgers. I actually preferred it done this way and it made the burger that much better. The fries weren't anything special but the Strawberry Lemonade was fantastic! There were actual bits of strawberry and lemon in the drink and it was not overly sweet. Because of that, it was refreshing when paired with the salty burger and fries. I liked it so much that I considered going back just for another lemonade. Overall, I still think Hawkins is a better burger but B & R is closer to where I work so it could make a nice substitute for my fatty burger cravings. But next time I will absolutely call ahead.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,12/29/2011,594,225,28,27,28>You have GOT to be kidding me!!!  The one time I bring a friend to this place, and it craps out on me.  Bawarchi, Bawarchi, Bawarchi...I'm trying to tell the world about you, buddy, but you gotta give me something to work with here.  Consistency is key!  ME: Ok, so this place is amazingly good!!  Like out of this world good.  Like I'd chop off my left nut for a bite of their food good.FOODIE FRIEND (FF): But you don't have nuts.ME: But if I did, you could imagine how much it'd hurt, right?!  FF: Yeah...I guess?ME: Plus it's a great deal!  $9 for 3 entrees, rice, naan, poppadum, raita and salad.  That's enough food to feed like 5 starving Indian kids!*NOM NOM TIME*ME: So...what do you think?FF: Hm, I dunno...I'm not feeling the spices.  I think Samosa House is better.Me: O________O;;--------------------------------HITS:- RAITA: It's thick and tangy....kinda like something that starts with "j" and rhymes with "fizz".- SOY CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA: With enough imagination, the soy chicken leg can pass off as real chicken.  The wooden stick in the middle is a cute attempt to make it look like a real chicken leg.- CASHEW CHEESE CURRY: creamy and heavy.  My taste buds are a fan, but I'm not so sure about my waistline.- FREE SPICY ONIONS: I eat these by the plateful!  Bad breath? Oh, you betcha.MEH:- NAAN: they serve the fluffy kind.  Samosa House has the flatter kind, which is harder to dip stuff with.  But Bawarchi's naan is microwaved so it gets a bit tough once it cools.- JACKFRUIT: forgettable.  Samosa House did a better job.MISSES: - SAAG W/ CORN: bland, and Bawarchi doesn't offer saag with paneer.  :/- PAKORA CURRY: warning!  You better like cardamon, bc that's all you're gonna taste w/ this one!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,12/28/2011,681,702,22,24,24>5 stars all the way!Weekend events are automatically extra awesome because it (usually) means less traffic and they're easier to fit into my schedule. Saturday afternoon is perfect because it still leaves Saturday night free! So this event was already off to a great start, even if I had to wear white after labor day after there was heavy rain in the AM (wifey did a good job of shopping for a white dress for me since I don't wear much white). Luckily, there was no rain in the afternoon, so we were spared the embarrassment of wearing all white outdoors in the rain!We drove up the hill and through a cloud to get there, arriving at the golf course country club setting. A light mist hovered over the edges of the golf course, making this surreal Malibu location feel like we could have been almost anywhere. Upon arrival, we were pointed in the direction of the ample food and drinks and given Free IRIS Cirque du Soleil tickets! I could have just left at that point and still given this 5 stars, but we had to make the drive up the hill worth it so we stayed (I kid, I kid). White tables, umbrellas and clothing surrounded us to make this truly a white party yelp.com/biz_photos/-Qdi….With several food and drink stations, I quickly found several vegetarian friendly offerings to help soak up the lovely white wine I was enjoying. As an alternative beverage, Vita coconut water was also available in a variety of flavors (I picked pineapple). A dessert table featured cupcakes, yelp.com/biz_photos/-Qdi… cookies and ice cream cookies (maybe a little melty and messy but still yummy looking) from Cookies N Cream in Hollywood yelp.com/biz_photos/-Qdi….I stuck with white wine because I prefer whites, but also because drinking red while wearing white was just a disaster waiting to happen! However, I was still tempted into tasting three reds at the wine tasting contest table yelp.com/biz_photos/-Qdi…. That's probably the only time you'll see brown bagged liquor here. =DThis was a well planned and executed event; relaxing, yet entertaining (live music and roaming photographers!). The surroundings were pretty and there were even pretty flowers on the table (along with 20% off cards for a return visit) yelp.com/biz_photos/-Qdi…. I think we had the fullest and most fun table at the event, although I'm not sure if I want to see all those photos, lol. It was nice to meet quite a few new Yelpers along with a few oldies but goodies. Super duper thanks to Matt for letting me be his plus one to this awesome event!Super job and thanks to Brittany and Christina as well as the awesome staff at Malibu and Vine. I didn't get to talk to all of the staff, but they were friendly and I know they are wine people; we saw one of them in a DTLA wine bar on Monday night. Small world!(And Sarah is right; that guy looks like he could be Jerry Springers brother!)
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,12/26/2011,209,142,9,12,10>Ramen is becoming an obsession for me. If Calvin Klein was making a cologne specifically for me, it would be smart to call it Kotteri or Tonkotsu instead of Obsession. I love the ramen noodles just a little too much.  Ramen Yamadaya is very good Japanese ramen. It may not be in my top 3: Santouka, Shin Sen Gumi, or Daikokuya, but it is close. Very close. After 3 visits, I can safely say the koterri tonkotsu ramen is the way to go here. The basic version or the yamadaya ramen with egg, pork, and seaweed included are equally yummy. The broth and dark kotteri sauce are the difference makers while the noodles are wonderful.From the combo list, I've tried three different sides. The pork rice bowl has been the best so far. The fried chicken karaage and gyoza dumplings were good, but not special.The prices at Ramen Yamadaya are a little higher than I expect. Maybe it is Westside thing. Street parking is the only option. The service is so-so. You don't really need a lot or expect a lot. They are really busy and just seem to want to get you in and out as quickly as possible. I guess that is ok since I'm really only there to eat ramen and then be on my way.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,12/25/2011,253,588,16,17,15>The sign outside still says "Westsubs" but "Cafe 70 Degrees" is much more appropriate considering how cold it always is in here. Brrrr!!!But I try my best to brave the AC because the tea is good, the service is friendly, the wifi is free, laptop outlets galore, and the music is swingin'!The fedora-wearing staff doesn't mind that I order only tea and work on my computer for hours and hours. They'll even check in on me periodically to bring me more hot water for my mini tea pot.In case I do get snacky, their tofu wrap and veggie soup is edible. But since I'm usually working away on my computer, I tend to stick to the teas and smoothies. They also have boba.Speakers play a range of music from 1920's jazz standards to early 1960's oldies. Sitting here, I often feel like I'm in another time era. This place is open until midnight which makes this place a great alternative to late-night working....or a nice place to "chill" (wink wink!)Just remember to bring a sweater and maybe a scarf! Maybe a hat and Yelp gloves! Yeah, maybe "Cafe BELOW 70 Degrees" is a more appropriate name ;D
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,12/24/2011,347,458,10,14,13>Amazing!!! if I could give this place more than 5 stars I really would. I haven't eaten at a place in so long where all I wanted to do afterwards was rush home to write a review about it! The best greek place I've ever been to! They have it all almost, good ambience, cute decor, attention to detail, good friendly service, great food and good prices. They are definitely a mom and pop shop and are off the main roads a little bit down a small road near a U-Haul rental place. Have to...yes have to come try this place out.When we walked in we happened to be the only customers, but it filled up pretty quickly afterwards. We picked any seat in the place and hungrily looked at the menu. The restaurant is mostly painted a yellow orange which really creates a nice warm atmosphere. Pretty small, with about maybe 10 tables that are functional. Very clean, and they've semi hidden their bathrooms from view. Not an appetizing part of any restaurant. Music is playing but only just loud enough to not interfere with conversation. A few paintings hanging on the wall and some decorative bottles filled with pickled food on the counter, but that's about it for decor.Their menu only encompasses one side of a page and they have a lunch special too. Prices are pretty good with the highest price being around $10. At least for lunch that is. The service was so warm and friendly also. Quick as they can be, but not just throwing stuff onto your table and leaving in a whirl. And onto the important stuff....the food!!!HUMMUS AND PITA BREADyelp.com/biz_photos/5Nl2…First of all, they lightly toasted their pita bread!!!! Big plusssss....I dislike places that don't go that extra step to warm up their pita bread because it really makes it so much better. The hummus they served here, entirely made right there! They definitely also pay attention to the presentation. The hummus was served with whole chickpeas in the center with some olive oil, they also sprinkled minced red cabbage and parsley on the sides and all over with paprika. So pretty! And of course it tasted wonderful! GYRO PITAyelp.com/biz_photos/5Nl2…This looks so appetizing when they brought this out bursting with ingredients. The pita bread was pipping hot and there was plenty of vegetables and gyro meat packed in there. Loads of tzatziki sauce, a tad too much but since it's a mild flavor it didn't bother me that much. There was plenty of peppers and onions and tomatoes along with the gyro meat to make this pita sandwich delicious. And the gyro meat you ask??? Very well flavored and juicy. Yummy! Definitely a big enough pita to fill me up.LUNCH SPECIAL-CHICKEN AND BEEF KABOByelp.com/biz_photos/5Nl2…yelp.com/biz_photos/5Nl2…I can't believe how much food they gave us for $10! A great special. You get to choose 2 kabobs from the list and you also get a fresh salad along with rice, hummus and corn. First off they serve you a fresh salad, light and refreshing. Then out comes the meal, plenty of white rice with 2 kabobs laid on top, a swirl of hummus on the side with some onions and tomatoes, a small corn on the cob, and all over sprinkled with minced red cabbage and parsley and paprika. The corn was a bit random, and the rice was just filler, but the rest delicious. The chicken kabob was all white meat but was still juicy. They seasoned it well and it had a nice char on it. The beef kabob was definitely done perfectly, very juicy and the seasoning just enhanced the natural meat flavor without smothering it. The white garlic spread they gave us was also made there!!! WATERMELONyelp.com/biz_photos/5Nl2…What a nice surprise! I've never been served watermelon as a dessert after a meal before! It's like getting oranges after a Chinese dinner.BAKLAVAyelp.com/biz_photos/5Nl2…We were both stuffed at this point but we both knew that we had to try the baklava. After everything else? Yes. Imagine our surprise when we see our waitress coming toward us with 2 plates in hand of baklava!!!! On the house! Wheee! This would've been worth ordering anyhow. It was just sweet enough, but not so much that the nuts were overpowered. The only thing I wish is that the layers of pastry on the top weren't so thick. Other than that, perfect balance of nuttiness and sweetness. I'm definitely looking forward to coming back here already! It was just so amazing. The quality of their food shows how much they care. Their attention to detail is revealed in how pretty they make their dishes. Most mom and pops don't even bother with presentation. A very very good find!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,12/23/2011,547,454,8,12,13>The place was already on the radar thanks to Lucy Y. when I pounced on the recent Yelp offer. It was totally an impromptu decision this weekend to use it (it didn't even get to print!!) when we showed up. No reservations at 5 pm, but the place was nearly empty and the host, a Korean man with a diamond stud (errrr) hesitated before showing us to a table at the back of the restaurant...which I initially thought was slightly offensive, but later discovered was the best seat in the house because we got ALL THE FIRST and BEST cuts of meat coming out of the kitchen. Who cares about natural lighting when you can have the prime cuts at an AYCE? Darwinism at its best. My favorites were the sirloin, top sirloin, and garlic beef. My least favorite were the garlic chicken and prime rib (which interestingly, the server said was his favorite, we got the most generous amounts of, and I later learned, was the cheapest of the cuts).The grilled pineapple with cinnamon - it is my mission to make that at home. A PERFECT summer dessert. I found the salad bar uninspirational. The mashed yucca, couscous, and black bean stew with beef were slightly redeeming - those I got seconds. But the rest? The smoked salmon on baguette was fishy. Asparagus was overcooked. Greens were just dry mixed and spinach, sans dressing.Sauteed banana was way too soft/tastless. Truffled mac n' cheese lacked any truffle whatsoever and was much too dry/not cheesy enough....and the table cheese bread were much too doughy for me. Undercooked, I'd say. These fries that came later were not finished. They looked like the truffle ones at STK, but were FAR off the map in taste.Aside from the inital host attitude (who, btw, seemed to put up such a suave demeanor in the place, but rarely spoke with clientele and never with us), service was absolutely wonderful. Our plates were cleared twice. Waters were refilled. Every server who came to our table with the meats was sweet. Near the end of my meal, I kept looking out for the grilled pineapple. One waiter asked how we were doing and I said we were good, just waiting for that one platter - not expecting him to do anything about it. He said he'd look out for it in the kitchen for us. :D
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,12/22/2011,152,101,13,18,16>I was a little apprehensive about joining GymBox at first as there was no pool, basketball court, or fencing area.  I then realized that I don't swim that much, play basketball or even own fencing equipment.  SO, here is why I joined & kept coming back:1. Month-to-month affordable pricing ($69), no contracts.  They waive the initiation fee if you join on the spot.  Initial charge of $138 for first and last month's membership.2. Neighborhood gym that embodies a very un-corporate vibe.3. Exhausting and fun group boxing classes that are free with membership.4. Friendly employees AND members who are both eager to help you.5. Ample free weights and resistance machines.6. Mechanized cardiovascular enhancement devices located upstairs.Here is why I decided to get a personal trainer (HUGE shout-out to Kyle O. who is an awesome PT)1. Free sessions offered to me when I signed up for the gym.2. Attentive i.e.: no playing with Blackberrys or iPhones while I finish my sets.3. Encouraging - pushes me beyond what I would normally do myself.  Great for getting past that plateau.4. Knowledgeable - teaches boxing, circuit & weight training and core strengethening exercises that are outside of the "box".5. Friendly - self explanitory.6. Affordable, paid $540 for 12 - 30 minute sessions, which was the lowest price package, but I'm trying to get off of a plateau, not my lazy ass.Gets very crowded sometimes and there may be little vacant equipment at times.  Early in the week from 5-7PM seems to be the most busy.  There isn't a "ton" of freeweight stuff here if you're a meat-head.  The locker and bathroom area are also a little tight at times. They sell boxing gloves & handwraps too.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,12/21/2011,1137,317,13,20,16>There is an intangible energy that permeates Ortega 120 leaving everyone with smiles and laughter. Perhaps it's wacky Mexican decor. Perhaps it's the lively music. Or perhaps it was the strong drinks! Whatever it was, I was smiling and laughing all night!Their drink menu was very extensive, boasting over 120 tequilas. Their pitcher of margarita was a great deal at $30. They also had a lot of great signature drinks on their menu too, albeit pricey. However, although we had a fantastic time at Ortega 120, the food was lackluster and disappointing. My cheese enchilada had mozzarella, instead of the traditional cheddar. My gf said that her Negro mole enchilada was too dark for her taste. The bf, who got the Burrito de la Casa, said that it was lacking sour cream and flavor. No bueno.We will definitely come back. I felt it deserves another try, even though my group of four found their food wanting. Here's to second chances!!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,12/20/2011,2672,672,24,38,38>I believe the Special Olympics of Southern California (google.com/url?sa=t&sour…) has about 52 branches and I belong to the Long Beach chapter. The Summer Games at Cal State Long Beach have just ended and over a thousand winners went home with pride and more than a few medals. There is nothing more satisfying than seeing the huge smiles beaming across the faces of so many special needs individuals (I simply say "individuals" cause they range in age from 8 to 80!). 3500 law enforcement members, the Vons Corp and many others contributed over $2M to the Special Olympics this year and, like a proud mama, one of my own swimmers will be repping Long Beach at the international games in Athens, Greece this year! If you've never gone to the Special Olympics games before, I would urge you to go sometime. You will find such incredible energy, perseverance, strength of character and unbridled pride, without prejudice, enough to know that these are indeed very, very special people.P.S., I met "Jackass" star, Johnny Knoxville while awarding medals Sunday and then I learned of co-star Ryan Dunn getting killed this Monday so RIP Ryan (cnn.com/video/#/video/sh…), I heard Wee Man honors you with fresh ink.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,12/19/2011,855,132,11,10,10>T'was the night before Christmas and all through the house not a creature was moving...well...because we were at Nobu...another memorable night at one of my all time favorites, lots of chilled sake & sashimi...how could you not be happy with that? EVERYTHING on the menu is good, so trust it and order away...& enjoy!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,12/18/2011,330,1259,18,13,11>Where can you find a line of hipsters with glasses to big for their faces, men wearing jeans tighter than Joe Jonas does, fixie bikes tied to every lamp post nearby, and a long line of douchebags wearing sunglasses when its dark out or scarves when its hot out?  WURSTKUCHE!!! If it means I have to stand in line breathing in hair gel and staring at mop top haircuts... I will gladly do so, for at the end of that american apparel rainbow is a delicious craft glass of beer, an awesome duck bacon sausage, and a basket of fries drizzled with truffle oil and dipping sauces that you get to pick.  How to attack the sausage fest: drop off your compadres to get in line while you look for parking as it is not easy in this area.  Then get in line and peruse the menu.  Order a drink with the bartender before you hit the register, then at the register, order food, pay, grab your number, and head to the back to find a table.  It's free for all seating, so during peak hours, you'll have to be a vulture and stand by and pick off seats from people that look like they may be leaving.Come here to people watch.  But most of all, come here to eat.  And drink.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2011,12/17/2011,897,398,11,12,14>Their sourdough had no mold on it this time. Yay!Cheap breakfast, especially if you order a bunch of side items. Corned beef hash, slice of ham, one egg over-easy, biscuits and gravy.Confucius say, "You take girl out of country, but cannot take country out of girl."
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,12/16/2011,2568,1290,28,32,29>Burger #212: A True Hole in the WallMore like a hole in the back of a liquor store, literally. This place is a walk up counter in the back of a liquor store with no tables, chairs, or even their own cash register. But they made one of the best burgers I've had in ages. I got wind of this place from the owner of Chez Melange down the road (home of one of my other favorite burgers yelp.com/biz_photos/3phx…). Once we made it down there, deciding on which burger to get was the tough part. Lots of fun options with Asian ingredients. I got the "chance burger", it came with a variety of peppers that have a chance of being spicy. Since there was nowhere to sit, I took my burger to back seat of my car to make sweet sweet love to it. yelp.com/biz_photos/fSzE…WARNING - This is a messy burger! I probably could have done better eating it if I was at a table, but I did okay in the back seat. After every bite came an exaggerated "mmm!" The burger was perfect on so many levels; cooked right, juicy as sin, top notch seasoning, and toppings that didn't hid the beefiness. I just couldn't get over how good it was!It was so good in fact that I spent the rest of the day trying to convince my wife that we should go back for dinner. That didn't happen but we did go back a week later and the next burger was just as good. This is definitely a spot you should check out, as I will be making a habit to go back often to take care of the rest of their burger menu.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,12/15/2011,1437,1829,18,22,21>I love this place.  Sometimes I have Sushistop cravings.  I'm even writing this review now bec I was craving SushiStop!  Sushstop is a fun spot to go with a small group of people.  Depending on when you go, there could be a long wait... or you'll get seated right away.I like that almost everything on the menu is $2.75.  And everything you get is pretty good.  And cheap!Their white tuna nigiri is my favorite thing to get.  I usually order TWO orders of these.  No matter WHAT.  It's good like this as well as seared!For dessert, I love their banana cheesecake.  Everyone I've shared this with really likes it.Side note: The chairs here are uncomfortable.  There are no back rests.  They're not really chairs.. more like tiny stools.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,12/14/2011,630,220,14,13,13>Like:- $5 beer and wine- Mojito- Happy Hour Panini - Versatile atmosphere: young professional, or group of friends, or romantic setting.- Lounge-like setting (i.e., sofa chairs, small tables)Dislike:NoneNote:GREAT place for a group of friends. GREAT place for a couple to hang out for a drink. This place is difficult to find, it is east of 2nd street. There is a parking structure (2 hours free if you enter before 6 PM) on 2nd street north of Broadway.Came here with my Model-UN friends and had a great time =) Be careful of the small, knee-high tables...they are lightweight and can easily topple over spilling drinks on your nice shoes.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,12/13/2011,546,462,9,9,9>As we travel down the land of hunger, and looking for place anew, we all land in something called the HITW...aka, the hole in the wall. But this isn't your typical hole in the wall, this is a gem in the wall! Its Friday night, and I was perusing some places to take the wife, and saw this place on yelp, with some high reviews. Sooo, why not give it a go! What a decision! When we walked in we were greeted by Jay, he was either owner or the manager, and he was very good to us. We received the menu, aka, book of great grub, and water.  They have options for both Northern and Southern cuisine. The main difference being the types of spices that are used. After a few minutes, because they have everything you can imagine, I decided on 123, which was the KAI KUAH - KRABI SPICED CHICKEN aka Pan-fried chicken breast marinated in southern spices! My wife decided on KUA GLING KRA DOOK MOO aka Bone-in pork baby back spare ribs cut into pieces water pan-fried with curry paste of galangal, Kaffir lime leaves, Turmeric root, and shrimp paste.They were both simply the bomb! We both got the medium spice, and it had a great kick! Washed down with a Thai Tea to die for, this gem in the wall did the food justice. The decor is awesome. We were able to see them cooking the food as well as cutting the ingredients.  Ski was also great to us. Great server that got the job done with ease. This gem in the wall is well worth going to, and does Northridge proud with the great food that they serve.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,12/12/2011,332,211,8,13,9>It's all about the quirky, unique flavors. Brown Brown Bread is still my absolute favorite (see review on previous posting). On average, I come to this location about every other week and come to love many of their delicious flavors. (I JUST returned from buying three pints of various ice cream flavors, yummmmms)My flava flav palette:+ Caramel Oreo (5/5): This non-dairy based flavor has the perfect marriage of light caramel ice cream with crumbled chunks of oreo cookie. I got this flavor for my bf (he's a oreo cookie goblin), but I ended up eating most of it. + Pistachio Lemongrass (5/5): This is starting to become my other favorite flavor at Scoops. I love pistachio and there were finely chopped bits with a slight hint of the fragrant lemongrass (think lemon/lemon mint). As odd as the pairing sounds, it was delicious. Too bad this flavor isn't an everyday staple at Scoops. I wonder when we'll reunite again...+ Pistachio Fig (4.5/5): Yes, pistachio--my love. I enjoyed the nuttiness of the pistachio flavor mixed with the luscious sweetness of the fig. Some may not like the texture of the mini fig seeds, but I enjoyed its crunchiness. + Strawberry Lycee (4/5): The sample I tasted was delicious. I may have OD's on this Scoop because after the 4th bite, it was getting overly sweet. I wonder if lychee syrup was used?Whenever I come to Scoops, I sample the day's flavors and make myself a pint ($7) for my favorite flavors to bring back to the apartment and share with the roomies. (Lucky them huh!?) No matter how long or tough the work day was, it's always satisfying to kick up my heels end the day with a treat of Scoops.  :)
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,12/11/2011,980,260,12,15,13>Hey you businesses with three stars or less! Pay attention! Take a tip from Hermosa Cyclery! These people have customer service DOWN, maybe even a PhD in it. Saying they're friendly and helpful might actually be an understatement. Do not be fooled by their location or size. They know what they're doing and they WANT to help. I pity the fool that takes their bike elsewhere (especially if you're local)! Happy Biking! .....if this rain ever clears up.....
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,12/10/2011,3470,834,24,23,25>*** Oh so you thank you fancy, uh? ***I roll into this gastropub with my cracka,Nate Dog, to order a couple of Racer 5s.Bartender says "sorry, we do not serve it".(0_o)Did I just detect some 'tude from Jennifer?Nah, she's actually a super cool bartender.What she has to offer is just considerablybetter imho.   Besides we can get Racer 5most anywhere these days.   Steingarten'sselection is just a lil more rare + interesting.I had a Lagunitas strong American ale (that I'd never seen before) that was exceptional.And Nate had an XPA that was remarkable.Their offering of European brews in 750mlbottles maybe the best in LA as well, nice!Since we arrived during happy hours, wetried their $10 sausage plus brew combo.That is an excellent deal.   The sausageshere were tasty, and the sauces original.The big question: does size really matter?If so, I think that the Steingarten sausageis "adequate enough" to fill you up. (haha)Selection ranges from traditional to gamy,so I'd say there is something for everyone.Minus 1-star b/c I'm not a fan of their sides,yet I'm certain to ret'n to hassle Jennifer. ;p*** Patio is a quaint too ... check it out. ***
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,12/9/2011,590,508,8,9,10>One of my favorite meals of my lifetime! Last night I met my date here for an early dinner. He's a foodie and this place is one of his favorites, so much so that the waiter recognized him and chit chatted a bit. And, after the items my date chose for us to share, I am truly impressed with his... um... pallet... oh yes... pallet. The date ordered a vodka martini for himself (very nice, but I like mine dirty... martinis), and I had a vodka gimlet (DELISH!). Then, calamari for an appetizer (calamari steak perfectly sliced thin and cooked tender on a grill, rolled, topped with a few traditionally deep-fried tentacle parts, and this amazing lemon-based sauce), 2 types of pasta ~ Rigatoni w truffle meat sauce and white corn ravioli w truffles both of which were so tender and delicious they melted in your mouth, then we shared the fillet minion ordered it cooked medium here (but came out really more medium rare, which is how we both love our steaks... he knows his stuff!) and served with a mixed bean side (I could pass on this. The lentils were a bit dry but did add balance to the steak). I had a pinot by the glass and he a cab. We were too stuffed for dessert because we ate every morsel. But, they serve you a plate of cookies and chocolates, which we sampled. There was one chocolate filled with a liquidy caramely filling that tasted like almond roca. Delightful. The setting is small, intimate, impeccable service. This really was one of the best meals of my life... And the company? A triple threat - handsome, intelligent, funny (plus successful, personable, and a true a gentleman... ooh lah lah!). I have to name him 007 because this one is DANGEROUS! :)
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,12/8/2011,19,17,16,14,13>Whatever your age, wherever you come from, you will be welcome here and have a great time!  One of my Sunday pasttimes involves rollerblading down the boardwalk. The ambiance is so colorful and I don't just mean the colors! The people, the music, the tattoo parlors, the body piercing places, cute shops to buy overprice bikinis! Why wouldn't anyone love it here! There are always amusing street performers like the man who dresses in all silver, with silver face paint and pretends to be a staue, or the same for the one who pretends to be an ancien Egyptian. Muscle beach is here, nothing to say there...it's a landmark!Some people may not know that you can actually go pretty far on your bicycle, starting here and just keep going...You have a lovely ride overlooking the water. If you don't know where to go to have a fun, laid back day, I strongly suggest here! :-)
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,12/7/2011,1259,140,9,10,11>Eat It or Beat It?**EAT IT!!**So I found this place after going down Lincoln (1 North) and saw a bunch of people gathered in front of a very blue building. I did a little research on the place and while I was researching I had realized it was one of the places I saw on Guy's Diner's Drive-Ins and Dives show and so that sealed the deal for me! I  made the move to try it during one of my lunches and boy was it MMM, delicious!Memphis Style Ribs ($22.95/full rack):Boy, you want to talk about ribs that were spectacular... the meat jus fell right off the bone and the rub and sauce... spectacular. Baby-Back Ribs ($22.95):Umm, so that Chili's song for "I want my baby back, baby back ribs"... ya, FAIL! Because Baby Blues needs to make one up for their baby back ribs! Hot damn was this delicious! The meat was so tender and not too lean and not too fatty. Tiger Shrimp ($1.75/each):OK, so the guy was telling us that this was delicious and a must have. YES, it was delicious, but I am not sure about a must-have. I mean, it's shrimp and the seasoning and grilled marks were perfect, but nothing I'd pay again for at $1.75. I'd rather go to the grocery market, buy myself a couple lbs of shrimp and season it with some amazingness and BAMB, Emeril style! CONCLUSION:Baby Blues BBQ is a semi-hole in the wall but you can't miss it by the color of the building! You will always find a line outside, but it's definitely worth the wait! They have multiple sauces varying from mild all the way to XXX... which wasn't that spicy but it was good nonetheless! Definitely delicious and a must have if you're in the Venice, West LA area... so I say, EAT IT!!!
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2010,12/6/2011,194,160,10,15,12>Gaby's Express is the holy grail of fast food.  Healthy, cheap, and drive-thru included?  Count me in!I used to order take-out from the Palms location, but this one is great for food on-the-go.  Although the menu is sizeable, I pretty much stick to my regular -- The Petita Pita combo.  For just $5, you get a pita wrap (supposedly it's a smaller wrap, but it's the perfect size for me; choice of falafel or beef/chicken shawarma), choice of side (lentil or chicken soup, fries, or green salad), and a drink!  I usually get the falafel (ask for a side of tzatziki with it.  mmmm) or the chicken shawarma.  The lentil soup is a favorite of mine, but the chicken soup is good too.While I'm thoroughly appreciative of this good deal, Gaby's drive-thru isn't the quickest in town.  So be patient, order for delivery, or call ahead and go inside to pick up your order (then you can nibble on some pickled turnips too :)  ps.  Gaby's hummus is consistent across locations!  really good.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,12/5/2011,1561,540,14,14,14>I was looking for a place to grab something to eat late at night when I came across Johnnie's.  I had heard about it before, so I was curious to see if it was as good as I had heard. It was late, and I was by myself, so I was looking to take my food to go.  The waitress could tell I had never been there before, so she recommended the pastrami sandwich as what they're known for. I took her advice and ordered the pastrami, and added some onion rings to go with it.  The food was pricey.  I paid somewhere around $16 for just a sandwich and the onion rings, but it turned out to be worth it.  When I got home I started with the rings.  They were superb!  Tasty, cooked perfectly, and not greasy at all.  I was full after eating the rings alone, but I still had this fat pastrami sandwich sitting right there in front of me.  So I ate that too.  It was not as good as the onion rings, but it was still a very good sandwich.  I was so stuffed afterwords and woke up the next morning feeling nauseous.  It was a pricey meal, but it was a lot of good food that left me feeling like I was about to burst. Typically I would give a place that made me sick an automatic one star. However, the combination of the great taste, eating after midnight, and eating way more than I had any business eating will allow me to overlook that.  I look forward to eating at Johnnie's again. Next time I will avoid eating so much so I don't regret it after.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,12/4/2011,1323,719,14,23,21>My 400th Yelp review!@ReadingtoKids is a grassroots organization that aims to inspire the love of reading to children living in underprivileged areas of Los Angeles. Every second Saturday of the month, volunteers go to different elementary schools in the LA area. At these schools volunteers read books to kids that range in age from kindergarten to fifth grade. (Currently there are seven different elementary schools that Reading to Kids volunteers read at. They are Alta Loma Elementary School, Esperanza Elementary School, Gratts Elementary School, Los Angeles Elementary School, Magnolia Elementary School, Politi Elementary School and White Elementary School). Volunteers come from all walks of life. From students to young professionals, all have a common goal of improving the reading and learning skills of elementary school kids. Reading to Kids volunteers are dedicated to giving these kids the opportunity to succeed in life. At the end of each volunteer session, the kids are given prize books that they can take home. The hope is they can acquire many prize books that will help them further love reading.One of the most endearing moments for me as a volunteer was when at the end of the reading session, a little kindergarten boy came up to me and asked if I could read his prize book to him. As I sat down to read the prize book, more kindergarten kids circled around me and together they listened and pointed to the different pictures in the book. The smiles on the kids faces after was so heartwarming. Soon after one of the parents walked up to me, smiled and said "Thank you." That too was another wonderful moment.Many of the elementary students that come to these reading clubs do not have the privileges that most kids have. They do not have the advantages of having a library, of having a Barnes and Nobles at every corner or of having the latest cell phone. Many come from low income families, they live in impoverished areas and English is their second language. The fortune of these kids comes in attending these Saturday morning reading clubs. These kids go to these reading clubs because they want to learn. They want to succeed. They want the opportunity to have a better life. Seeing these kids so eager to read and to learn, is a humble reminder that learning is a privilege that many take for granted. I love Reading to Kids and I'm thankful to my high school friend who first introduced me to this great volunteering opportunity. The elementary schools kids are simply endearing. I also am amazed by all the good hearted people who volunteer. I am in much admiration of the amount of folks that go out and sacrifice their Saturday mornings to volunteer. (Some stats: Reading to Kids has an average of  about 300 plus volunteers reading to an average of 780 plus children every month). I being a volunteer myself know that giving up a Saturday is totally worth it. The opportunity to be able to make a difference in these kids' lives and give them a better chance to succeed in life is simply priceless.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,12/3/2011,381,296,13,14,14>I almost pissed myself waiting for a table to open up..I was hungry, cold, and tired from standing for so long. Then....a miracle....a group of slow ass beer drinkers got up and let us take their table. Next thing I knew I had two cold glasses of hefeweizens in my hands and drank the hell of them. I would knock a star off for the poor idea of having to wait like a hawk for a table to open up, but the food and beers on tap are so heavenly I can't do it. The burgers here are definitely unique and one of the best tasting (if not THE best tasting) burgers I've ever had in my life. Make sure to order it medium rare. It's got this great savory, tangy, and slightly sweet flavor that all blends so well together in my mouth. You can tell by the texture and consistency of the burger meat that it was hand made and not pre-formed frozen meat patties. The sweet potato fries and shoestring fries are really good and the dipping sauce for these is fantastic. I also tried beef tartar for the first time ever at Father's Office. I was really scared and afraid the raw meat would taste metallicy/irony. This was not the case at all. It was mixed with onions, scallions, and some other stuff and it was absolutely amazing! It was flavorful, but more importantly, the texture was smooth and melted in my mouth. You can compare it to eating cooked fish versus really fresh sashimi. Cooked beef has a bounce and resistance to it in your mouth, but the tartar was so soft and smooth. Also, I didn't get sick so that's a bonus. I hope the buzz of this place has died down a little so I can come back ASAP without  having to wait too long for a table.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,12/2/2011,275,193,13,12,11>BBQ is meant to be enjoyed in the backyard with the whole day free from any physical activity and with plenty of time for relaxation and occasional food-induced coma.  The prospect of having BBQ for lunch in the middle of a work week sounds like a great slumber disaster.  Nevertheless, this sole bona fide BBQ establishment in the commercially centric El Segundo is teeming with customer once the biological lunch bell rings.For a BBQ joint, the setting is reminiscent of a hole-in-the-wall Chinese eatery.  The only assurance that you'd get is the roll of paper towel on each table with BBQ smudges at the rim.  The place is literally a smokehouse with heavy fume accumulating in the kitchen like a cheap 80's prom stage.  Do not be alarmed as the level of smoke only indicates the amount of flavor the meat is going to be doped with.  Deciding on which battle to engage with can take longer than an average SAT test when the options are St. Louis ribs, spare ribs, baby back ribs, tri tip, rib tips, etc.  Unlike the SAT where there is a penalty for guessing the wrong answer, there would be no wrong answer here.  As a matter of fact, you can choose multiple answers with the combos and specials.  Take that College Board!  Once that is out of the way, you get to face with a less strenous but equally important choice of two sides - BBQ beans, cole slaw, potato salad, cucumber salad, or chili mac.A typical order would be ready within 10 minutes, plenty of time to wonder why the entire counter is a two-way mirror glass or how Kenny Chesney's music video (blasting on the two flatscreens in the restaurant) resembles a rap music video with white actors.  My rib tips order consists of 8 or 9 evenly cut tips doused in a smokey BBQ sauce.  Moderately charred on the outside and moistly pink inside is "proof of how well the smoke penetrated the meat" according to the owner.  There's satisfaction in grabbing onto that rib tip tearing away pieces of meat and working your way in between the bones to the point that there is little distinction between meat and soft cartilage.  This is where you can find evidence of total smoke permeation.   Perhaps the Britt's Bowl should deserve an honorable mention for being an excellent deal at 9.95 with three types of meat - hot links, pork, and beef - with lavish portions resting on top of a pool of savory sweet BBQ beans.  Pollotarians (no...not the name for the offical member of El Pollo Loco fanbase) can find solace in a chicken slider with tender pieces of BBQ chicken pulled off the bones and stuffed into a dinner roll.  To think the scrumptious feast ends at this point is a little shortsighted.  Each diner is parted with a farewell treat in the form of cream-filled donuts.  Not sold in store, these mini fried dough heavily dusted with powdered sugar have to be a part of a grandeur scheme to remind you that may be it's time to visit Britt's BBQ again.PS - It turned out that this was the venue for the late Papillon Restaurant that served vegetarian and non-vegetarian Filipino dishes.  That explained the Hong Kong Express set up.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,12/1/2011,1661,660,21,15,13>Dear osmanthus oolong tea, cold, with boba. I think you're great. I love hanging out with you, spending time with you. Stabbing the enormous straw through your tightly sealed lid.You taste so, so good. Your tea, strong. Your osmanthus, mellow but still relevant. Your boba, added flare, the only thing I'd ever add to tea.Your price is fair, $4 for all that love in one cup is perfect. How could I be so lucky to find you? Oh I remember, you drove up in a truck. How convenient.Cold osmanthus oolong tea with boba, I will spread your word wherever I go. I will start a religion based on you as the deity. I will take over the world and shed blood under your holy protection. Oh too much? I should have known, something as tasty and loving as you would be non-violent, I retract the world domination stuff.I guess what I'm trying to say here... is... I love you cold osmanthus oolong tea with boba. Please, say you love me too.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,11/30/2011,4921,523,12,16,16>Alex and Danny are honest, professional, quick, reasonably priced and very reliable. Unlike shady Express Garage Door Repair (these scumbags have 19 listings on Yelp, no real physical address, no real business license # and all their phone numbers are directed to the same receptionist), and their prices are exorbitant.  I'm thankful that I found Garage Door Doctor and recommend them 100%.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2011,11/29/2011,2371,1713,28,27,26>After seeing the long wait at the main Gardena location of Hakata Ramen ShinSenGumi, we turned to Yelp for help. Imagine our surprise when it showed ANOTHER Hakata Ramen ShinSenGumi a mile away on Redondo Beach Blvd. Olivia did her best Ryan Gosling impersonation to see just how fast she can drive and navigate the traffic/lights. About 110 seconds later, we found the small food court at Marukai and the Ramen counter near the back. OMG. No line? No wait? Is this the right place? * Same Pork Broth * Same Noodles * Fewer Options * Lower Prices * Faster Service           plus right across the aisle I was so excited to see * ShinSenGumi Yakitori !!! * ShinSenGumi Tonsyo Udon !Turns out this IS the right place. Does "Marukai" translate into English as some type of "Food Court Nirvana"?We got two Special Pork-flavored Ramen Bowls (one with Spicy Miso and Egg add-ons). There were combinations offered for just $5.55 each so we got one with Fried Rice (Chahan) and one with a Homestyle Yakitori Bowl. Now that is the kind of 5-5-5 plan I can get behind.  The atmosphere is totally "food court" and note that it is cash only. No matter because I was completely satisfied without having to wait. The ramen and broth really hit the spot. We came just before closing otherwise, I would have added an extra order of noodles (Kaedama). Besides the seriously gratifying ramen, the service was as friendly and helpful as almost all Shin Sen Gumi are. Both the Yakitori guy and the Ramen guy went out of their way to check on us twice which just doesn't happen at most food courts I've visited.Hakata Ramen ShinSenGumi remains one of the top 3 options for Ramen in L.A. for those that have lived in Japan. Finding its fast food brother just down the street is like discovering Santa Claus has a sibling that gives out presents, too. I promise to be a good boy this year for ramen gift cards in my stocking.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,11/28/2011,330,334,16,12,13>Susie Cakes has a way of bringing out the inner fat kid in you. Unless you're already fat, then they just make you really happy.  Their gorgeous cakes are not only delicious, but they also take you back to your childhood,  when  life was simple and you didn't worry about that slice of cake going straight to your ass.The layer cakes are always fresh, soft, moist, and perfectly sweet. They come different sizes/ flavors and you can even customize 'em to make your all sugary fantasies come true.  I suggest chocolate on chocolate or my childhood favorite: vanilla funfetti cake (remember that?!) w/ creamy vanilla icing.  This cute bakery also whips up cupcakes, cookies and all kinds of classic treats. I don't love their cupcakes only because Susie Cakes fills the inside with frosting.  Some people like getting a creamy explosion in their mouth, I personally do not.  Their peanut butter or red velvet ($3/ea) are so good though, I just eat around the gooey center.Their 7-layer bar ($3) is also yummy. It's stacked with choco and butterscotch chips, pecans, coconut and 3 other ingredients I don't remember.   Just about everything that comes out of this nostalgic little shop looks pretty, tastes fantastical and will definitely make you feel like a kid again.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,11/27/2011,1716,487,9,17,15>Apple pancake with cinnamon glaze....the size of a basketball...with cups of buttttttterrrrrrrrahhhhgrghrhjgj. Whoops, sorry, lapsed into a fat kid coma there for a second. Dinah's is known for the fried chicken (offered in 2 intriguing varieties aside from original: chipotle and honey cinnamon) but I think they should be BETTER known for their gigantic oven-baked pancakes. Since the 2 of us were starving, this being our first meal of the day at around 1230pm, we first split a feta spinach mushroom sun-dried tomato omelet as the menu warns you it takes 20min for the oven pancakes. The omelette was decent but meh forgettable. At the exact same moment the last bite of omelet had been devoured the pancake was placed on our table in front of us. Impeccable timing! This pancake reminded me of an apple fritter with big slices of fruit in it...just less carby and more ohmygodiknowthisisbadformydietbutimgoingtogobbleup­theentirethinganyways. Diet? What diet? For the perfect bite you have to mix a bit of the softer inside part with the crispy outer edge and don't forget the melted butter!If you check in on Yelp you get 10% off your order!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,11/26/2011,1939,571,10,12,13>The shrimp tacos are fantastic- especially with their special chipotle cream sauce.  Do NOT turn that sauce down if Benny offers it to you!  So tasty, with a smokey, lightly spicy flavor...  I will def be back for the 4 Tacos/$5 Special, and those guys are not skimpy so I can save some for later.They serve breakfast now!  Even better, you can get it all day.  Next time, I will have to try a Chorizo Burrito- you gotta love anything that oozes red, greasy goodness....Last but not least, do not forget your 10% Discount Card!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,11/25/2011,1441,859,21,29,27>FIVE SOLID STARS FOR Akira-Ya!  I was stoked when I was invited to the secretive Akira-Ya to enjoy a meal with Travis I., Tara C., Franklin H., & Nick K.  Truth be told, I almost had tears in my eyes throughout the entire meal, because the food was prepared with tons of love and reminded me of the food growing up in Hawaii. Akira-Ya is a test-kitchen concept restaurant, where amateur chefs come to experiment, share, and kinda show off their secret recipes.  Invitation-only.  This kitchen is fabulous - from the wide arrange of seasonings, to the red and white wine chillers/fridges, to the contemporary French and German appliances - you feel like a chef (or their sous chef) the moment you walk in.Tonight, I was lucky to have sat at the chef's personal table!  (Photos coming soon...)The test-kitchen menu, started with a shot of vodka in cute little 3" (not so little) shot glasses.  The chefs cheer "Banzai" and "Kampai" before beginning to prepare your meal right in front of you!  Love it how the chefs drink with the patrons!  5 rounds of vodka before leaving Akira-Ya!  HOLLAH!  Grade:  A!The chefs then delivered a platter of mixed appetizers:  Kakidane Kakimochi (spicy Japanese rice crackers), Japanese style cheetoes, fresh chips & salsa, and a hummus spread with fresh grilled garlic and olive oil drizzled on top.  The chefs offered an assortment of appetizers to excite the palate on different dimensions - spicy, crunchy, salty, and calm.  Grade:  A-!The first official appetizer was fresh (soft) lavosh bread, with room temperature butter, salt, sliced onions, and radish.  The chefs demonstrated how to lightly butter and salt the tender bread, and to fold it gently after the veggies were put into it.  Chefs Tara & Travis.  Grade: B+The second official appetizer was the "Veggies vs. Sausage" platter by Chef Travis.  On the veggies side, it was broccoli, tomatoes, red peppers, Japanese cucumbers, celery, and a few other veggies.  Accompanied by a garlic spread like Zankou Chicken.  On the other side, was grilled Hawaiian Portugese Sausage which brought out the smokyness of the meat.  Served with yellow mustard.  Grade: B+The third official appetizer was the "Banh Mi Sliders" created by Chef Franklin.  You had a choice between a French or Ciabatta Bread, slathered with an original Vietnamese hot sauce spread, home-made Vietnamese style pork patties, pickled carrots & turnip, along with cilantro, onions, japalenos, and love!  It was a twist on the Banh Mi and it was outstanding!  Grade:  A+!The first soup was the Japanese Miso Soup, created by Chef Tara.  One word - HOMESICK!  This was exactly like the kind of soup my grandmother made me back in Hawaii.  Fresh tastes and blends of white miso, mild hondashi (bonito fish soup), firm tofu chunks, and topped with sliced green onions.  Grade:  A+!The first main course was hand-made furikake musubi (rice balls).  Chef Tara risked her life to dip her hands into hot rice and made musubi the old fasioned way.  She wet her hands, sprinkled sea salt, and formed a perfect rice ball in the form of a triangle.  Tradition!  Chef topped the musubi with nori furikake (Japanese seaweed seasoning) .  This looked like Mt. Fuji on a very cold and picturesque day.  Grade:  B+.The second main course was the infamous "Tara-Yaki Chicken".  Chef Tara was taught a secret Japanese recipe of Teriyaki Chicken. The marinade was made from scratch, and each piece of chicken took 45+ minutes to cook.  The inside was super tender, and the outside was grilled to a perfection.  Nice glaze finish.  Grade:  A+!The third main course was a Chinese Mandarin-Orange Salad.  Chef Travis skillfully prepared a salad made with Romaine lettuce hearts, slivered & toasted almonds, mandarin oranges, and cripsy won ton chips!  Refreshing & delightful!  Grade:  B+The fourth main course was what Akira-Ya is known for - Portugese Bean Soup!  HOLYSMACKEROONIES!!!!  This was perhaps my favorite dish of the night.   Chef Travis literally spent close to 10 hours preparing this soup!  He braised smoked ham shanks for 4-5 hours, then gently added Portugese sausage, veggies, and other secret ingredients. Served with three types of bread - French, Ciabatta, and Asiago.  Heaven in a bowl!  Grade:  A+!The meal was finished off by the Chefs offering their guests a Chocolate Martini.  The martini was made with about 4-5 secret liquors, then served in uniquely decorated martini glasses.  Each glass was topped with some fancy cookie batter-cream.  Grade:  A-!After a 5 hour meal, the test-kitchen chefs ended the night by giving us all take-home musubi wrapped in wax paper.  This is a typical tradition in Japan, when parents send kids off to play or to school with a little snack for later.  How cute is this?Take this test-kitchen food concept to the food-truck, please!Domoarigato!  Totemo Oiishi!  Gambate!  Excellent cooking, Chefs!  I'm humbled!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,11/23/2011,130,532,18,19,19>My friend was craving ice cream so we came here on a random Sunday afternoon. I was expecting a typical kind of shop but surprised to just see a stand with a couple windows. Bummer that I couldn't oogle at all the flavors but only had a sign to look at. I was overwhelmed with all the flavors, so with the help of the Yelp app I decided on the Banana Cream Pie ice cream. My friend ordered strawberry. Both cones for only $3.25! Thanks for the check-in offer on the Yelp app for buy one get one free!The Banana Cream Pie is oh so delicious! I can definitely taste the banana but it wasn't overpowering. I loved the chunks of crust and pudding in the ice cream. I wish I tried different flavors but I didn't know to ask since it was a stand and not an actual shop. I've learned my lesson and will be prepared for the next trip.I'll be back for $2 Tuesdays!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,11/22/2011,750,698,11,13,11>They're opening soon in Culver City by May 2010 and yay for hakata style noodle. I came here after finding out that the wait at Hakata ramen shinsengumi was pretty long. To my surprise, this place was located so close to the 405 fwy Crenshaw exit and no need to drive long for local street like Shinsengumi.Anyway, onto the food review. I ordered the tonkotsu kotteri ramen with extra Chashu for $10.45 (why do I want to pay extra? cause they told me the ramen only came with 1 slice of chashu, so deduction one star on that. Can't stand stinginess). Dood ordered the Yamadaya Spicy Ramen Level 2. We both loved the broth and the fact they offered the garlic cloves to be added onto the soup, just fantastic. It's so flavorful and thick for such a small bowl. The extra chashu definitely made up for it, they gave plenty for that $2 that you paid. The spicyness level 2 was just perfect and I'm definitely going to get that next time I'd come here.I also got the gyoza, but it was just okay, I should've ordered the combination for just $3 more and you get gyoza or chicken karaage plus rice. Or for $4.50 you can get keema curry or chashu bowl.Service was great, small place, definitely don't come with a group of more than 4 people. You have an option to select thick or thin noodle, since I luv hakata style, I preferred thin noodle. I'm so coming back here to eat more noodles until they open the one in CC.FYI, this place is CASH ONLY!!! and for those of you students, steamed rice or extra noodle ARE FREE, just need to show your student ID!!!
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2011,11/19/2011,174,118,15,10,10>King's is one of those places where it really takes a combination of things to have a great experience, almost like a specific formula.  And since I often go here with work friends, I am writing this review in a language they are guaranteed to understand.  So Troy H. and Iris C., enjoy!DECLARE @CheckIns INTSET @CheckIns = 0WHILE @CheckIns LessThan 5BEGININSERT INTO Restaurants.dbo.YelpReviewsSELECT    Name = 'King's Fish House'   , Location = 'Corner of Calabasas Commons Near Starbucks'   , OutsideSeating = 'Yes'   , RestaurantBar = 'Yes'   , Prices = 'Med-High'   , DatePlace = 'Yes'   , AcceptableDistanceToWivesOfCalabasas =             CASE WHEN NumTables = 5 THEN 'Yes' ELSE 'No' END    , DrinkSelection =             CASE                       WHEN DrivingStatus = 'N' THEN 'Bloody Mary'                      WHEN DrivingStatus = 'Y' THEN 'Coke'                      WHEN DrivingStatus = 'GoingBackToWork' THEN 'Martini'             END   , MenuSelection =              CASE                       WHEN Mood = 'Italian' THEN 'Seafood Jambalaya'                      WHEN Mood = 'Grill' THEN 'Wild Alaskan Halibut'                      WHEN Mood = 'Adventure' THEN 'Stingray Oysters'                      WHEN Mood = 'Soup' THEN 'Spicy Seafood Chowder'              ENDFROM Restaurants.dbo.CalabasasCAWHERE  DinnerPartners in ('Friends','Yelpers','CoWorkers','Dates')        AND TimeOfDay between '7:00PM' and 9:00PM'        AND DayOfWeek = 'Friday'SET @CheckIns = @CheckIns + 1GO
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,11/18/2011,1537,605,10,14,16>Family owned and operated Mediterranean/Lebanese grill two blocks from the Hermosa Pier. The restaurant is simple looking from the outside, but inside you will find authentic, high-quality cuisine.My daughter and I tried several dishes and sides. We started our meal with mezza, a traditional sampling of appetizer plates set out for everyone to share. We sampled a very smoky flavored Baba Ghannooj (roasted eggplant dip), a bright Tabouli (finely chopped parsley and tomato), fattosh (chopped greens), hand-rolled grape leaves stuffed with rice, and a freshly smooth hummus (garbanzo bean dip). Simply, everything was great!Sauces are important to the meal and they serve as dips for the mezza and other foods. Cedar serves a traditional garlic sauce, Tahini for the meats, yogurt cucumber, and a traditional hummus.We then tackled filet mignon Kabab and Kafta Kabab, which is a ground beef skewer flavored with parsley and onion. There are also tasty hints of mint, cumin, allspice and cinnamon in the food. The rice is bomb too - The rice is flavored with cinnamon and black pepper.Cedar Mediterranean Grill is a great place to try something new. The staff is extremely friendly and from what I was told, mom's is the genius chef behind the product. They have plenty of seating, the restaurant is very clean, and they have a flat screen TV to enjoy Middle Eastern programming.If you're in the Hermosa Beach area, this place is a MUST try. It is a family atmosphere and you feel the hospitality...very, very nice people!
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,11/17/2011,509,120,10,20,18>The time has to come to write a review for my new favorite restaurant in the South Bay and quite easily my favorite surf 'n turf restaurant in Greater LA. The prices are AMAZING. The food is AMAZING and the service is AMAZING. From the moment you check in with the Maître'd to being seated with our favorite server, Lehua to enjoying the delicious food that Jessica prepares in their kitchen, we've always had our expectations met!   Jacqui (the GM) is awesome as well, always making sure your experience at FishBar has been top-notch.Want a Cakebread Chard by the glass? They have it. Or maybe you want to indulge in $3/cocktails or wine during happy hour? I guarantee, you won't be disappointed with their selections.  Be sure to have our fave bartender, Gwen B. mix an amazing cocktail if you sit at the bar though.They have lots of great deals, such as Taco Tuesday, Wine-oh Wednesday and Lobster Thursdays where you can score a great Lobster dinner fresh from their tank for only $24.95.Even the regular menu has great deals to be had. Fish is always fresh, in fact you can even spot a photo of Jessica holding a massive Halibut that almost bigger than her, flown straight in from Alaska!  What makes it even better is the fact that no matter what fish dish you order, whether it's the Mahi Mahi, the Salmon or the Halibut, nothing is over $12.95! My fave dish Jessica has prepared though is, hand's down, the Lobster-crusted Filet Mignon, with a side of her mouth watering sweet-n-sour cabbage!They are now offering breakfasts on weekends (be sure to try the blackened shrimp chilaquiles!) And don't forget about the $15 pitcher of Mimosa or the $25 build-your-own Mimosa with a bottle of Domaine Chandon and many different juices to choose from.Did I mention all the flat-screen TV's? A great place to catch the Dodgers game and when basketball season starts, I know where I'm heading to watch the Lakers game when I'm hungry!So...if you want a real down-to-earth, non-elitist, non-touristy experience at the best seafood restaurant in the South Bay head over to FishBar, ask for Lehua as your server and tell Jessica we said HI!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2011,11/16/2011,802,562,17,12,12>Finding a burger joint is as easy as finding a lawyer in a courthouse. They are on every corner, every strip mall and you can even find them tucked away in some of swankiest  Republican hangouts. What did I expect from Five Guys of Carson? Just another burger stop in the burbs, in probably the most unremarkable mall this side of the Atlantic - Carson Mall. Maybe what I expected is not the right question, maybe it is what I was hoping to find and did I find it.  There's nothing new at Five Guys, the decor looks like a bastard child of a union between Johhny Rockets and In n Out, the ordering line a dejavu of Chipotle, the menu a dumb down version of the Counter, and free bulk peanuts reminicient of a less messy Johnny Rebs.   I had their 920 calories Bacon Cheese burger and loaded up on most of their toppings, so let's call it an even  1,100 cals. Top that with more than just a hand full of their cajun fries and I could barely fit all them calories into a whole days dietary allotment like a plus size honey squeezing into a size 3 dress. Ok, by now you are probably thinking, if this dude is so concern with calories maybe, just maybe, he should get his butt down to a vegan restaurant and much down on some compost. No, you see this is this new age love hate relationship thing. I love burgers but I gotta beat myself up for eating it, so  bear with me.Ok, did I find what I was hoping for? Almost. Allow me to use a silver screen analogy, it was worth the price of a ticket but it ain't gonna win best picture. The burger was large fresh and flavorful and all the toppings played nice together. I gotta take some credit here since I chose topping but after the burger food coma I can't for the life of me remember which ones I had. The fries were spectacular, made with fresh potatoes and deep fried till just crispy on the outside and soft on the in.Next time? Yes, even if I just have their fries.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2011,11/15/2011,428,239,11,15,10>Don Felix is a good stop in preparation for a barbecue.  We used to live just around the corner and in the two years or so since we've moved, they seem to have changed ownership.  The store layout is more visually appealing, with the fresh produce on display near the door instead of buried in the back with the beer.  There are more Oaxacan choices at the meat counter, like tasajo, a cured meat that you can get on tlayudas, those big, big pizza-like things with the cheese and the cabbage and the...well, the meat. We originally ordered espaldilla to grill for tacos, but the cashier at the front asked us what were going to do with the meat and then told us we would have better results with a different cut (chuck?).  He had the butcher take back the package and prepare a different one for us.  "Espaldilla is too dry," he said.  "I don't want you to have dry tacos and think that we did not sell you good meat."  He was friendly and genuinely proud of the products that were going out of his shop.  And he was right: the tacos were a big, big hit.  Tender and deeply flavorful.This is a great place to go if you want to have a really awesome barbecue and you don't want to fuss with going to the supermarket.  Everything is here: meat, tortillas, limes, salsa, cerveza, even paper plates and cups.  All you have to supply are the grill, the fire, and the fine-looking people.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,11/14/2011,834,665,12,12,11>It is only appropriate that for my 400th review, I review a place I've been dying to try for the longest time!!!Coolhaus, like a lot of the food trucks, doesn't often make it to the Valley, especially the West Valley.  And, when they do, it's usually during the middle of the day when I can't get there. I really need to be independently wealthy so as to not have to work!  But, finally, they are here, in my hood, when I don't have work!!!Alas, there is no Chipotle Ice Cream, no Brown Butter and candied Bacon Ice Cream, No Dirty Mint Ice Cream. Cue mildly sad face. I was still adventurous and, after hemming and hawing while waiting in line, went with the Chocolate Cookie and the Balsamic Fig and Mascarpone Ice Cream.  The ice cream was super creamy and yummy, with hunks of balsamic figs in it!  The cheese was much harder to taste, but I'm sure it added lots of depth and creaminess to the ice cream.  The cookies were good, but nothing remarkable.  My friend went with the chocolate cookie also but got the Mexican Chocolate Ice Cream-yummy!!! It has more heat than what I expect in Mexican Chocolate, which made me love it even more!!  I also sampled the Butterscotch Rosemary and was reminded of the Budino at Mozza: swoon.Well done, Coolhaus.  I hope to see you in my hood more often!  Take a cue from the Kogi truck and come over here at night some time!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,11/13/2011,760,197,13,15,14>Oh Whist.....you had me at Beet Salad!! I've been to the Viceroy a few times for drinks and such, but never tried the restaurant (the cheese, olives and bread previously consumed with wine does not constitute as "meal" in my book). yelp.com/biz/the-viceroy… I finally decided to pay a visit when TravelZoo featured a tasting special. Treating the bf since he's been dining my lazy arse quite frequently lately.8:00pm ressie on Sunday; decided to sit outside to maximize the signature Viceroy ambiance, cute armchairs, checkered marble table with plenty of heat lamps surrounding us. Once seated, we were presented with an olives medley, lightly salted warm almonds, bread and butter yelp.com/user_local_phot… and a special TravelZoo menu yelp.com/user_local_phot… which lists our options for courses. Very nice personal touch.Without much delay, here are some reactions:First Course: The olive, nuts and bread. They tasted like olive, nuts and bread. Moving on.Second Course: We both got the garlic shrimp with chilies, olive oil, lemon and parsley served with warm crispy bread. yelp.com/user_local_phot… The portion was a lot bigger than I expected. 5 large shrimp sautéed in the chilies and lemon seasonings; hearty, but not too heavy and the bread was usful to dip into the sauce. Yum.Third Course:  Once again, we both got the beet salad. Assortments of red, yellow, orange beets with candied hazelnuts, baby lettuce and TRUFFLE Panna Cotta....O-EM-GEE....this is literally the B.E.S.T. beet salad I have ever had in my life!!! yelp.com/user_local_phot… Out of this world, orgasmic, mind blowing...what else can I say about this besides bf and I would cheat on each other with this salad. He almost had a food-gasmic reaction too. Of course I simply melted into the milky truffle penna cotta and never wanted to swim out. Seriously....this is a home wrecker.Fourth Course:- Garganelli with Bolognese ragu, pecorino with burgundy truffles. yelp.com/user_local_phot… I ordered this dish because bf decided on the Ravioli and without looking like we copied each other on everything, I feel compelled to get something different.  Besides, the burgundy truffles piqued my interest. This tasted like a fancy version of beef ragu on pasta. There were some black truffle pieces sprinkled atop, but not enough to make the dish special. And I regret getting this (see ravioli comment below).- Sweet Corn Ravioli with Lobster, pancetta, tomato and basil. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Visually beautiful to start, add the chunks of sweet lobster, complimenting the sweet corn with tomato and basil based sauce, this is a much better dish than the garganelli I ordered.  And being the sweet date he is, bf gave me more than half of this :) aawww Fifth Course: We were supposed to share the Brioche Doughnuts with jam and homemade ice cream, but bf negotiated with our sweet server to let us have both (special reasons were given).- Tartuffo is basically a dark chocolate dome with praline ice cream underneath, topped with salted hazelnuts and a dab of toasted marshmallow on the side. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Rich, creamy and flavorful ice cream, salted hazelnuts adds contrast in texture but I didn't get much of the marshmallow taste. Overall a very nice dessert.- Brioche doughnuts with jam and homemade ice cream. yelp.com/user_local_phot… Creativity in this dish aside, one cannot go wrong with deep fried brioche bread and sprinkle with sugar with cold ice cream. I couldn't make out the flavor of the ice cream, but it was very interesting. Bf didn't like the ice cream so much so he ate the doughnuts with the tartuffo ice cream. Worked out just fine.Overall, I was very happy with the service and quality of food at Whist. Besides being a fan of the lounge and a hot spot to meet friends for drinks, I am now a fan of the restaurant...for no other reason than that I would arrange for a tryst with the beet salad any day...just don't tell my bf that I had it without him.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,11/12/2011,4014,2434,22,32,30>***Santouka is one of Los Angeles' most popular ramen joints and it is worth a visit (both for their ramen as well as their side mini rice bowls that are topped with flavorful ingredients)***Santouka is one of the three major ramen places (that I know about) with a huge following in the South Bay (alongside Hakata and Asa).  Santouka sits inside the Mitsuwa Marketplace (like the other Santouka locations).  This was my first experience at Santouka and it was good.Santouka offers several broth options (salt, spicy miso, shoyu, etc.).  I went with a small version of their salt ramen.  They also have several small rice bowls available like pork and salmon roe.  I opted for the leek bowl, which included baby leeks, dried fish and seaweed.The ramen was good.  The noodles were flavorful and had a good texture.  The broth had a good flavor too and was not too salty (at least at the time; I was drinking a lot of water later).  The broth included a lot of good mix-ins like toasted sesame seeds, Japanese mushrooms and bamboo shoots.  There was also a good piece of fatty and tender pork in it (a good bit of meat on the pork).  The broth was oily, but I did find it more appetizing than Hakata's broth (though I haven't had Hakata in a long time).The side rice bowl was great.  The rice was fresh and nicely cooked (not dry, not clumpy).  The toppings of sharp leeks, moist dried fish and flavorful seaweed were great.  The side rice bowls were similar to the good rice bowls at Ichimi Ann Bamboo Garden (next to Foster's Freeze) in Old Torrance.  Both restaurants' bowls were flavorful and fresh and reminded me of trips to Japan.Since I opted for a set meal, I got an additional side--a soy flavored hard boiled egg.  The boiled egg was pretty good and properly cooked.  Not too salty though I prefer the simpler flavor of a non-flavored boiled egg.Service (order-at-the-counter) was quick.  They have added a fair number of tables over the years to this food court so finding a seat during lunch was easy.  Pricing was not cheap for order-at-the-counter, but you can still get out of here around $10 per person (or maybe even less if you don't opt for a drink).I have had very limited experience with ramen, but Santouka was probably my best overall experience so far (not just the ramen but also the good and flavorful side rice bowl).  I would say though that Hakata and Asa are both worth trying if you are a ramen fan.  Since I am more of an udon fan, I typically do not seek out ramen, but Santouka is one of the few ramen places that made me want to head back (and head back soon).Mitsuwa has a free parking lot that is big.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,11/11/2011,147,177,15,19,17>Oh trader joe's, trader jose's, trader giotto's. A store of many names, and a friendly face of one. This is my go-to TJ's, and although the setup is like many joes of the trader persuasion, a little claustrophobic, I don't think I'd *trade* it for any of the others. The staff here is always super friendly and very helpful. On countless occasions I've gotten great ideas for the food I'm buying from the folks behind the register as I'm checking out. As for food, they finally have butter lettuce in bags!  SO good. Add a little feta cheese and balsamic vinaigrette! Or if you're feeling fancy, get one of the lettuce mixes, add the feta, chop up some of their heart of palm, add a few cherry tomatoes, some garbanzo beans, cucumbers and sprinkle with balsamic and you have just made my favorite salads chock full of TJ's ingredients. I am also a sucker for the samples they give out. Always new delicious things I wouldn't have bought on my own. I could say a lot more, but I'll brush upon one of my favorite discoveries: veggie corn dogs. I love hot dogs of all varieties, but I also take issue with what they are composed of, so I will usually abstain. Whatever inkling made me try them I owe much gratitude, because their veggie corn dogs are scrumptious and, to me at least, taste just like regular corn dogs.The only two things that made me doc half stars (respectively) is the parking and the lack of food, sometimes. Being that it's placed in the rolling hills plaza, it can be crazy just because, but on top of it, there's a big drive way from PCH that can make the parking experience a little stressful. Then, whether it's me going on the wrong night or just bad luck, I do run into lack of stock from time to time. Not a deal breaker, but no one's perfect ;).   All in all, a great place to shop and conveniently located next to whole foods in case there's something they're missing.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,11/10/2011,2650,519,41,20,20>I'm giving an update because of what happened to my friend Andrea.Andrea (sweet & funny white girl) loves, I mean LOVES Tea Station. If there is a way to inject that stuff into her veins, she probably would.  There is a gang of peeps at work that are addicted to Tea Station (including myself) and we would have someone pick up our orders almost every single lunch. One day I was working in my office and saw Andrea swoosh by in the hallway. Not soon later, I heard a big THUD and a loud scream. "NO NO NO!!" Andrea screamed.I poked out of my office and looked....and so did everyone else who heard the commotion.Books, pens, papers....all over the floor and Andrea was in the middle of it all.  And what did I see?Everything was on the floor including herself....except one arm....holding up the mighty Tea Station drink.  "I saved the BOBA!!!!" she screamed with joy.Serious? Really?!Perhaps we've all forgotten how good Tea Station really is. We've been sipping this stuff for years, mindlessly it seems. But Andrea brought back the LOVE....and seriously willing to die for it!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,11/9/2011,624,186,17,17,20>It was the fifth day I was lugging around the heavy truth that had broken me into a million fractured pieces. Just days prior I could barely pick myself off the floor and breathe. But knowing I was heading to a warm, light place of tea, sandwiches, and girl talk made getting out of bed that Sunday morning  a little easier. I walked into Royal/T to pleasantly find the welcoming faces of two best friends and several other beautiful young women. Home. Sandwiched between raw, brick walls, enclosed by flourishing art displays, neighboring an actual kitchen, my girlfriends were sitting in the spacious center, patiently waiting for me to tell the whole story. The whole story...I'd need alcohol for the whole story. But I'd drink myself into black oblivion, it's all that  bright red Soviet blood in me.  So...we turned to tea to warm this cold, empty heart. A pot of exotic milk tea,  thick portobello mushroom sandwich with crisp sweet potato fries, and tears I didn't think I'd have left later, it was all on the table, my whole bloody heart. And surprisingly...I wasn't alone. Every girl at that table had been f%$ked sideways by a low-life scum of a man. Of course I used the term "man" loosely...But this wasn't a man-bashing session, no. This was a healing center, a domain for revelations, a bullshit-free zone. This was an escape into something called MATURITY. And Royal/T provided all the essentials.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,11/8/2011,437,272,22,19,21>Why are people hating so hard on this Freebirds? Just because it's Freebirds doesn't mean it's going to be the exact replicate of the IV location.GIVE THE NEW STAFF AND MANAGEMENT A BREAK. They just opened on Friday and they're feeling it out. I think anyone who's ever worked in food service should stop shitting bricks about how long they have to wait, or how the food is just okay, or how it's crowded - NO SHIT. It's a new restaurant. Give them a month or so to get on their feet. Of course it's going to be crowded because of all the hype, and of course you're going to wait because a lot of the people who work here are just hardworking teenage kids at a new place, and of course it's not going to be a five-star burrito (because it is a fast-food burrito, and we're in VENICE, people).So everyone reviewing needs to take a Xanax and go to Del Taco. I don't want to see your whiny ass at Freebirds.First of all, the burritos here are fine; they are essentially a more customized version of Chipotle. Don't come here and act like the New York Times Food Critic you think you are.Secondly, the staff here is amazing! I don't know if you've ever worked in food service, fellow Yelper, but it's very difficult to maintain a positive attitude when you're making food for ungrateful spoiled brats all day. So I commend the entire staff - who refilled drinks and cleaned up and put up with my indecisive ass - for doing everything with a smile and a sense of humor. The service really made my visit here.Lastly, FREE PARKING. And it's not that big of a deal to get here on Venice. If you're used to going to IHOP or Del Taco at 3 am, getting to Freebirds is no different.I also love the frequent visit club - free freebirds after 10 visits.Thanks Freebirds - I'll be coming back, instead of slumming it at Del Taco or IHOP from now on!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,11/6/2011,167,191,16,22,20>While working in Santa Monica, I was looking for a place to eat lunch with the wonderful boyfriend. I immediately thought of Harmonie T.'s suggestion, True Food Kitchen. In general I'm anti-mall restaurants but since I was in the area I decided to give it a try. Yes, True Food Kitchen is hard to find; it's on the first floor across from Nordstrom. But don't worry the hunt is worth it. This place is a Vegetarian's paradise tons of vegan and gluten free starters and entrees. We started with the edamame dumplings, after hearing our server and other yelpers rave about them. I was excited to try them but once they came out I was a bit disappointed; to me it felt like I was eating baby food. But the honey Lemonade gave my taste buds a kick, it's AMAZING, the local honey brings the drink together. Next came the entrees, I was having a tough time deciding between the spring chopped and the chicken Chopped salads, so we decided to split them. The Spring chopped had snap peas, strawberries, walnuts, goat cheese & balsamic dressing. All in all yummy-licious, the snap peas gave the salad a yummy crunch and the goat cheese paired fabulously with the walnuts and strawberries.  I was sure the Chicken Chopped couldn't compare to my delicious Spring Chopped until I tried it and hot damn. With one bite I was sold. The mixture of cranberry, local dates, jicama and manchego is mouth watering. And the almonds add an extra touch of yummyness. Finally came dessert, even though I was stuffed, we decided to try the banana chocolate tart. YUM YUM YUM.Yes, lunch can be a bit pricy but it's totally worth it, I walked out of True Food with a belly full of yummy salads, kick ass chocolate tart and lip smacking honey lemonade. If you're in the area give this place a try, trust me it's worth the hunt.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,11/5/2011,1208,188,18,13,13>Do yourself a favor: GET THE SUPER SPINACH SALAD. If your nearest location doesn't carry it, REQUEST IT.Quinoa, carrot, cranberry, garbanzo beans, edamame, pumpkin seeds and a carrot ginger miso dressing.9 grams of protein, 190% DV of vitamin A and 20% DV of iron. Go hard or go the fuck home.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2011,11/4/2011,306,419,20,18,17>Santa Monica Place is only a hop, skip and a jump from the office. And I love it.I wasn't a believer in the power of retail therapy until that fateful business day when I was at my wit's end after a half-day of unadulterated chaos and constantly having to put out fires that were created by nitwits (metaphorically, alas a firefighter I am not). I knew I needed to blow off some steam during my lunch hour, but I didn't know how. That's when my conscious whispered into my ear, "THE MALL, MOTHERFUCKER!" Don't act surprised, Samuel L. Jackson always does the voice-over for my conscious.My version of retail therapy doesn't necessarily entail finding little nuggets of happiness, as much as it means walking around (to the kiosks) and pointing at things and saying to myself, "YOU, MOTHERFUCKER, CAN AFFORD THAT!" That's such a good feeling and it helps to hold back the tears when I have to go back and chain myself to my desk.I'll admit that I'm usually the first to complain about their job, but that's why I keep my Valentine by my side always to remind me that I'm lucky enough to have a job to complain about.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,11/3/2011,186,1211,22,26,25>When my partner in meat crime Laura D decided to turn vegan overnight and bemoaned the dificulty of going out to eat, I knew that I had to introduce her to Planet Raw!I took Juliano's (un)cooking classes years ago whe he first came to LA - way back when everyone thought raw food = a big salad, haha.  I learned how to make the most awesome raw sauces, desserts and entrees, and got to see the genius at work up close.  At that time, he had a growing following of celebrities and healthy foodies, and would hold these dinners in a warehouse-type facility on Pico Boulevard.  It was eye opening to say the least!Since that time, I've always considered him to be an artist in the food department.  Other raw restaurants around LA and even Chicago don't seem to come close to the depth of flavors and gorgeous presentation that is the Juliano signature, so I'm always thrilled to introduce people to the amazing flavors and textures created here:Pumpkin Tortellini ($6.95) - thin squash slices, warm and chewy from the dehydrator, sammiched with a creamy nut cheese and served with a bright and fresh tomato sauce topped with fresh chopped parsley.  The warmth of the squash and the creaminess of the cheese were amazing with the bright tomato sauce!Eggrolls ($11.95) - cut like a sushi roll in bite-sized rounds, chewy coconut wrappers held together creamy avocado, soft kelp noodles and crunchy fresh herbs with purple cabbage.  A DELISH coconutty, creamy no-peanut sauce was served alongside - which I put on practically everything!Green Curry Pasta ($12.95) - zucchini (julienned into skinny noodles) in a creamy, savory, herby Thai coconut curry cream sauce, topped with chewy linguine-shaped dried mango noodles.  This is a dish I had years ago and still remember enough to order it today - a MUST TRY here!Bacon Western Double ($15.95) - amazingly burger tasting, when put together in a huge super messy sammich!  The many components of this burger: dried buckwheat "bun", cashew "cheese", a warm (from the dehydrator) mushroom nut burger patty, pickles, mustard, ketchup, super ripe avocado, heirloom tomatoes, baby lettuces, and served with "fries" and ketchup.Chocolate Mousse ($5.95) - an amazing chewy nutty crust, with an avocado-based, impossibly chocolatey creamy pudding-y mousse on top.  Drizzled with a creamy sauce, and decorated with gorgeous, super ripe sliced strawberries and slices of poppy-seed sprinkled apple.  YUM!All the dishes were gorgeous in their presentation - some with flower petals here and there, and all art-like in their explosions of color and sauce and LIFE!  The dishes all have a lot of depth of flavor, and are surprisingly filling - which people unfamiliar with raw food would never expect.There's even a nice-sized wine list, with food pairing suggestions!There really is nothing at all like the food here at Planet Raw.  Take it from me, a rabid meat lover!!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2011,11/2/2011,1821,475,26,27,25>M: You mean that wasn't chicken?C: Hello! The place is called VEGGIE GRILL..M: Well they could have fooled me.  C: Yeah, they pretty much fool everyone. M: I'm still confused though because that was absolutely AMAZING.  C: Definitely the best fake chicken I've ever had.  Should we become vegetarians?M: No chance homie! I like meat way too much.C: Yeah you're right . I guess I got caught in the moment.  I need me a big juicy steak every now and again.M: I know what you mean, but they do make a mean steak sammy here.  I'm in if you are.C: Interesting. M: Well it looks like someone is gonna have to get a steak sandwich to go (points at C)C: Actually...lets order it for here and split it.M: Only if you're buying.C: Deal.  Let's do this!M: PS I love you!C: Well I am pretty awesome...--I can't say it enough so I'm gonna say it again.  This place kicks ass and the only reason that they're not getting 5 big red stars from me is that its a tad pricey. My sandwich, side, and a drink came out to a whopping 17 bucks after tax and tip.  Now while that didn't break the bank it was more than I expected to spend but def WORTH THE SPLURGE!The food is absolutely delicious and everything is made to order with the freshest possible ingredients.  I guess you get what you pay for and to be honest you can definitely taste the difference.  On top of amazing food, is an ever more spectacular staff.  Every one was super cheerful and friendly, just the way I like it.  Must be something in the water because EVERYONE was all smiles all the time!I also love the fact that they have a huge variety of options for sides to accompany your entree.  I ended up ordering the barley soup but also got to taste the steamed kale, sweet potato fries, and the mac and cheese.  All 4 were uh-mazing, but if I had to choose one I'd say the kale was my fave (and its super good for you).I guess what I'm trying to say is that Veggie Grill is definitely worthy of two Andre the Giant sized thumbs up for quality, freshness, and service.  I would recommend it to everyone who loves GREAT food, so that means you if you're reading this.  There's free parking in the back in case you were wondering.  It can be pretty hectic during peak hours but definitely worth a shot. Last but not least they have a sick selection of iced teas and lemonades to choose from with unlimited refills. Holllaaaaa!!!APPROVED!
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,11/1/2011,1682,713,25,32,27>I was first cynical about this whole new development when I first saw them building it thinking why in the world would they build something like this when we're in the middle of a recession??But I drove by here and decided to check out this place one weekend and the area was packed!  It was even difficult to find parking and there were so many people darting across from the parking lot to the stores that it caused quite the traffic.Cut to Nordstroms Rack, I've always seem to have luck shopping here and finding good deals on some pretty decent clothing for work.  I've bought shirts and ties mostly at the other locations.  This time, I was half-heartedly looking for a new suit for work. This location seemed a little smaller and was jam packed, again I was thinking "aren't we in a recession"?  I guess no one told these people because by the looks of everyone here and the long lines at the counter, you'd think we were in a Bull Market or something!Anyways, I was checking out the suits section and was approached by a young sales girl who asked if I needed help.  I graciously enlisted her services and she offered some really good advice which I appreciated.  Lots of the suits were marked down as if they were half off but none of them seemed to really grab my attention.  I tried on a few but it seemed the costs to take in the coat, fix the sleeves, bring in the trousers and hem the pant legs would have cost me another $60 to $70 besides the fact that I wasn't all that satisfied with the material and cut.I almost gave up because I wasn't completely thrilled with the choices which is when the sales girl commented that too bad I was the size I was because there was this size 52 Versace suit that everyone has been trying to fit into because it's such a good deal for a Versace.  She went on to say how some 54 sized guys were trying to get the coat on but it was just too tight for them.I asked to take a look at it just to see the quality and not expecting anything more because I'm a size 42 so there's no way the coat would  fit me.  She showed me the suit and it was a really nice material and the cut was really impressive.  The original price was somewhere over $1100.  She offered me the coat and I tried it on and we were both shocked when it seemed to fit me perfectly!!  I dashed to a mirror and indeed, it fit me like a glove!  No tailoring was even needed, the sleeves and body fit were perfect!  In aplomb, I asked for the pants so I could try those on and gosh and by golly the pants fit me too, a little loose but manageable!  All I needed to do really was to get the pants hemmed!Ecstatic at my find, I rushed to the counter to purchase this rarity!  What were the odds?  I profusely thanked the sales girl since she was really very helpful throughout my whole search for a suit and I don't think they even get a commission like the normal Nordstrom stores.  I heard her commenting on my good fortune to other co-workers as I waited in line.  Out of all the shoppers, she seemed to zoom in on me to help me too.  God is good!!So that's my awesome experience recently with Nordstrom Rack and I am now very glad they built these stores because I'm truly satisfied with my find and now won't have to trek all the way to the Howard Hughes Center in Culver City!  I will be back!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,10/31/2011,1712,1003,40,46,45>Free Birthday Treat!!! Review #1($20.00 e-gift towards your lunch or dinner!!!)For my 600th review, i wanted to start of run of reviews devoted to places that will give you a Birthday Treat!!! I signed up online for their friends and family program online on their contact page and received a generous gift from them 2 weeks before my birthday via e-mail! (sign up here : thelobster.com/contact-t…)While most places will give a free dessert, The Lobster gave me $20 to use AND a delicious dessert to finish my fabulous meal!I called up an hour before getting there to reserve a table, and ended up getting there early and even on a sunday busy lunch time, we were seated within 5 minutes with a nice view. yelp.com/biz_photos/h8u6…. The restaurant is located right at the entrance onto the pier. It's a short walk away from Santa Monica Place, or you can Valet. Not a huge whole lobster fan, i shared an order of the Lobster Roll ($24)yelp.com/biz_photos/h8u6… and the Dungeness Crab and Shrimp Louis Salad ($18) yelp.com/biz_photos/h8u6…We were served some bread with olive oil and i loved their round water cups! yelp.com/biz_photos/h8u6…The Lobster roll was very good- the brioche bun was soft, yet had a crispy crust. They give you plenty of lobster meat. Compared to the lobster roll i had off the Lobsta Truck, the one here is twice as expensive, but was way worth it cuz of the size and amount of lobster you get. It is quite mayonaisy- and also had a hint of some herb i couldn't quite place, but i enjoyed it! The shoestring fries that came with were very crispy and the pickled cucumber slices were refreshing. *The lobster roll is only available until 3pmThe Louis Salad was really delicious. They give you a very generous amount of dungeness crab and shrimp. It also has egg, avocado, radish, cucumber, cherry tomatoes and greek olives over romaine lettuce. The mayo based Louie dressing was great. We were too full to order dessert, but our waiter offered to give me a complimentary dessert, even though i had already given him my giftcertificate!!! I got a cute strawberry shortcake sundae! yelp.com/biz_photos/h8u6…After my certificate was applied, the bill came out to about $28.00 before tip. Very good considering this is a $$$ restaurant. Service was excellent, view (although overcast that day) was pretty and food was filling and delicious! If you've never been, and a big seafood fan,  i would recommend signing up and spending yours or a friend's birthday here! Reservations recommended.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2011,10/30/2011,280,107,5,14,8>Well, I never order groceries normally. I had become extremely ill the past year or so. Long story short, I had to find a grocery delivery company. I couldn't drive, and I came across a Yummy.com advertisement in the mail. So I got on line and ordered. I have used them a few times now, and they are very nice. They are not always the best stocked. Be prepared to not get all that you want and may need. They have most things sometimes. The food is fresh, they have delicious sandwiches, and the delivery people are always super nice. If there is anything in my order they are not stocked with, I always get a call from the manager asking if there is an alternative I would like. The service is fantastic! I just wish they were better stocked.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,10/29/2011,431,476,8,7,8>dude, cheap!I had thought myself quite a bit versed  in the ways of indian food. Ooh ho ho HO... no I am not.This place introduced me to the Indian version of an edible didgeridoo, the Dosa.. holy crap this thing is huge and awesome.I also had my first samosa here. I have popped my samosa cherry. Did you know it's not a dessert?! Learn something new every day..
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,10/28/2011,699,469,10,14,14>Introducing...the wall of first dates!The decor was beautiful but the tables are a bit too close for comfort.  We were lined up against the wall of tables that might as well have been called the "wall of first dates" because EVERYONE was on a first date.  It was hilarious!  We kept hearing the conversations of the tables next to us despite trying really hard not to.  Nothing is more entertaining than listening in on other people's awkward first dates: this is the stuff sitcom dreams are made of!  Rundown of the eats:  Baby Beets Salad-the homemade ricotta was almost akin to a more delicate cream cheese that complimented the sweet beets nicely.  Shortrib Agnolotti- Was definitely one of the best and most unique pasta dishes I've ever had.  Short rib encased in little sealed tubes with adorable baby mushrooms and a truffle butter sauce that is delicate, savory, and perfectly done.  Surprisingly not heavy.  Donut holes.  5 baby donut holes make up this little dessert.  Loved the cardamom sauce.  Probably not worth it, despite my love for fried dough.I'd definitely come back although I'd steer away from sitting at the infamous wall of first dates for a more cozy table on the covered patio. Also note: They don't validate for the parking garages.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,10/27/2011,215,108,12,15,13>Blue Hawaii is not a flavor. It is a state of mind.  I've yet to find my feet in the Aloha State, but I imagine it tastes a little something like this: Creamy macadamia-nut ice cream sheltered in a compact igloo of finely shaved ice, topped with an unnaturally radiant hue of indigo syrup, and then covered in the diabetic ambrosia (a.k.a. Condensed Milk.) This is not your FOBBY Asian shaved ice with the grass jelly, beans, and an assortment of random unrecognizable toppings (I like that stuff too), but rather Hawaiian Style, pure simple straight to the point sugary deliciousness.  I will be in the corner of this place eating shaved ice for the next few weeks.  Please don't interrupt me, or I will eat your dessert too.            Just when I thought I could control by propensity to digest massive amounts of sugar and thwart my membership in the FUTURE DIABETICS of AMERICA CLUB...         Oh well... shucks... pass the needle full of insulin. Damn you GET SHAVED. Damn you...
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,10/26/2011,2282,550,17,19,17>In the mood for Pho but don't want to drive to the SGV? Or don't want to spend over $8 a bowl? Head up to the other valley and dive into authentic bowls of Pho complete with fresh basil, lime and bean sprouts. Pho 999 caters to the Asians. You know it's good if you look around the restaurant and it's packed full of Asians. Service is alright, a bit short but that's to be expected. Besides, who comes to a Pho joint for service? Pho tai was flavorful and around $6 a bowl. It's all about the broth and they didn't disappoint. Fried spring rolls were tasty as well and came with tons of fresh mint, basil and perilla leaves. Greens are good. Cold summer rolls were decent but nothing special. Another plus, they take credit cards! Nothing worse than cash only places.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,10/25/2011,268,230,7,10,8>This is my neighborhood Apple store and I really like it. I can say, every Apple store is pretty much the same...super busy. At least Apple hires A LOT of sales people so you never feel neglected for too long. It's hard to write a review just about a store, when it's actually a company we are talking about. So I am breaking my review into two parts. Apple the Company: I'll admit..I fought it for so long. How can people be spending double on a Mac when you can just get a PC? I bought a Mac and was too stuck in my PC ways to keep it. However, my husband and all of our friends love their Mac's. As for the iPods, iPhones and iPads.. I think they are better than sliced bread. I used to be a die hard BB user and one day with my iPhone hooked me. The iPad is like a giant iPhone with sick movies and HD applications. I bought the bluetooth keyboard and I almost don't need a laptop anymore. Nifty!! This Apple location: I particularly LOVE their Genius booth. Like all electronics, you sometimes have issues. I have only had one, but I have been with 2 of my friends and had the exact same experience. If the unit is under warranty and not physically damaged, you will be walking out of there with your problem completely solved for free. No more mailing your phone to the manufacture and waiting. They do it onsite. It's pretty awesome! Every customer service rep (except the Genius techs) carries a handheld credit card scanner. It makes checking out as simple as finding a free person. Then they can print your receipt or email it to you. AWESOME! They also have a wide variety of computer classes here. Sometimes they have a DJ. No matter what's going on, the Apple store is always crackin.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,10/24/2011,225,167,8,9,8>This place is fun if you like browsing around random old stuff.  It's part vintage and part junk.  Sometimes you can find something really cool, like the French-style metal table I just missed out scoring on (I still regret that).  I couple of weeks ago, I saw a really cool leather armchair perched right outside the entrance.  It seems like most of the things I like are outside.  But there's tons to look at inside too!  Sometimes it's hard to see the big pieces for all the clutter of items on top.  But there are some gems.  In fact my mom just scored a Lane chest the other day!If you buy a big piece, the guy that owns it will arrange delivery for a reasonable price.  And he's open to a bit of bargaining as well.  All in all, it's a pretty cool place to pop into once in awhile and see what's on offer.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,10/23/2011,157,340,8,22,12>Ok.. this review is mostly for brazilians, if you are not familiar with brazilian food products this place may seem like a lame little market. But if you are brazilian and miss the indispensable ingredients for certain dishes, you will find most of them there. The service is good without being over attentive but every time I had a question, the sales lady promptly helped me. I wanted some Guarana, and they were out, so she took my phone to let me know when they receive more.Cintya P.  of course if you convert from dollars to brazilian currency it will be more expensive,  they have to fly everything here and pay import duties etc.. It is actually far from being a rip off..My favorite products are the calabresa sausage, (in the yellow package) it is smoked, and is delicious in pasta sauces, or cooked with beans or in soups to give a smoky flavor. I also like the catupity cheese, and I use it in the chicken pot pie. The pão de queijo, (cheese rolls) come frozen, and you just follow the instructions in english on how to bake them. They carry the same brand I use to buy in Brazil, "Forno de Minas". I buy some seasonings, and even rice.I miss Brazil, but thanks to Brazilian market, i don't miss the food since I can replicate everything here.They have a small parking lot in back that is also used by Bella Vista Pizza clients.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,10/22/2011,333,240,18,9,19>I was already an avid VG lover before tonight. However, when I called in a take-out order and arrived WITHOUT A FREAKIN PURSE (dumb-ass), Stephanie, who was working the register, simply said "Oh, don't worry, we'll comp you this one," while I was hyperventilating and getting ready to turn around like a hungry loser and go home. She made my day and she didn't even hesitate! Of course they were probably going to throw my order away anyway if I didn't take it with me but WHAT EXCELLENT customer service!!! Avid fan = now RABID FAN. YAY Veggie Grill! I will eat your all hail kale salad and dairy-free chocolate pudding 4 life. Even thugs gotta go meat and dairy-free sometimes.
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,10/21/2011,852,239,13,13,15>Today was my birthday and in the midst of an existential crises where it became blindingly obvious that in my 29 years on earth, the only thing I have achieved thus far is a perfect chocolate chip cookie recipe, I needed an escape. A solo drive up PCH to Malibu on this overcast, drizzly day was the remedy. I turned into The Malibu Country Mart looking for a cup of coffee, but had to stop once I saw a chocolate shop. Birthday weekend called for a brief dieting hiatus, so gourmet chocolate wouldn't be guilt inducing. This shop is probably the smallest store I have ever been in. It must have been a storage closet in its former life. Regardless, I don't need shelf space. I just need a few good pieces of chocolate. Or a bag full. Sarah, the lovely shopgirl, offered me samples and talked to me all about the different varieties in stock. She also showed me the beautiful gift packaging they have, in case I ever like someone enough to send them something impressive enough to be considered a bribe. Yes, it is expensive, but everything I tasted was delicious and unique. If you've ever made candy, you'll realize that the ingredients and the labor involved help justify the cost.Besides, a few truffles and crispy chocolate bears is better than a handful of Valium any day.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,10/20/2011,3084,357,15,19,17>Well, the new Rascals opened up on Artesia and decided to give it a try.  Personally I've never been to the original Rascals off Western Blvd. and have only been to the Rascals on Torrance Blvd once in my life, but lately, I found myself at Rascals pretty often.. it's been 3 times already for me since their grand opening... I guess they've grown on me quite a bit.Rascals is your typical Teriyaki joint.  Not sure why it is classified as Hawaiian.. is it because it's ran by Asians and that they are not Chinese, Vietnamese or Thai?  Or is it that they are ran by Japanese and not by traditional speaking Japanese because that would totally consider it being a "Japanese restaurant"?  I dunno, I'm confused, I'll just shut up and eat...The menu board seemed extensive but yet it's very simple... you got teriyaki, you got curry, you got salads, and you got burgers... But the menu just seem so huge! (Good thing most of the items here are pretty good so no worries if you just close your eyes and just point at an item. (sort of like picking stocks I guess.. just go wit it man!)I have not tried everything yet, but I'll tell you what I've had!Teriyaki plates:  Delicious!  Tasty like the mall style Teriyaki plates!  Please don't hate me for saying this, but the "mall" phrase is actually not a knock on Rascals but instead it's a good thing!  I personally really enjoy the mall food court Teriyaki and glad that I don't have to be at the mall to get that because Rascals is available!  They also have the Teriyaki sauce readily available for those of you that loves to drawn all your items in dark, rich, and sweet Teriyaki sauce...  swim chicken breast swim!  and if you don't, my fork will save you... till it goes to my mouth that is!  Gulp!  Delicious!The plate comes with rice and salad... you get the choice of white or brown if you prefer one over the other, but it's a very good portion so it will definitely fill you up.Chicken Salad:  It's what makes this place famous!  Just a couple of knocks on the Rascals famous chicken salad...(again those Rascals faithfuls please don't hate me...)1)  Sort of expensive!  These are iceberg lettuce topped off by limited shreds of boiled chicken.  It may seem a lot but for $6.95, it's quite steep.  If they charge $4.99 or even $5.99, I can see myself almost going here EVERY SINGLE DAY!  But the $7 price point do hold me back a bit... otherwise I'd be here more often.  The dressing I'm guessing it their bread and butter?  It's amazingly delicious!  It's very similar Far East Chinese Salad Dressing that they have at Costco but since it's made at Rascals fresh instead of mass manufactured, it just tastes better.  They don't skimp on the dressing and that is a plus.  2)  Iceberg lettuce.... I prefer my salad at least with some Romaine... so that is my second knock... just seem like that I've paid $6.95 yet not getting much nutritional value in my purchase you know what I mean?  Give me some value Rascals!!!  Teri Burger:  I didn't have it, my co-worker did... oh boy.... that's some burger you got there!  (with Avocado!)  My gosh that thing is a planet of it's own!  You know the take-out boxes at In-N-Out?  Well, this burger takes up half of the box!!!  Just one burger!  Then the other half is covered by fries.. that's a great value!  I also heard it tasted wonderful as well!  It definitely looked the part so I'll probably try it out next time.Location:  Very large, clean, and crowded!  Seems like everyone knows this place and can't wait to come on a daily basis!Didn't think I can write so much about Rascals huh?  LOL!  You thought wrong!  But let me end this so you can go on a break ok?  Sorry to hold you up now...Bottomline, pretty delicious food for a very decent price overall.  Salad is the only item I felt that it is more on the pricey side, but overall it should serve the lunch crown extremely well!  (Of course dinner too!)  I'll definitely be back for them salad dressings for sure!  Enjoy Rascals if you are in the area folks!
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,10/19/2011,392,810,14,16,15>Mendo Wendo here I come! Though this near famous Wednesday evening ritual is right by my office I can almost never make it because of the standing brother/sister night ritual. However, on this particular Wednesday my brother (who is necessary for brother sister night otherwise our secret handshake looks very silly) had to work. What's a girl to do!? Mendo it up, that's what!So I joined Lucy Y, Harmonie T, Mary C & Karey R for a Mendo dinner and I'm so glad that my little bro had work (at least just this once).The menu here makes it very hard to make any sort of decision. It all looks so appealing. I was particularly attracted to all their grilled cheese options and the peanut butter/bacon sandwich. But, in an attempt to be a little good about my calories, I ordered the Vegan Black Bean Soyrizo Wrap. This was the yummiest sounding wrap I had heard of in a long time and sometimes it feels good to go back to my vegan roots (trust me my insides were so appreciative!). The ordering line man was so pleasant and he offered up tips about the wrap (I added avocado, subtracted jalapenos and had it pressed like a panini). He was very friendly and even spelled my name right!! I paid $12 with tip, sampled some of their outstanding potato salad, and sat down about 3 minutes to wait for my wrap to come up.It was a huge wrap. The insides were practically screaming to come out of the vegan tortilla. I was super grateful that it was cut in half, otherwise this would have been impossible to handle. The soyrizo and black beans were dominant and delicious. I was glad I had the jalapenos on the side (Mary!) because the soyrizo had just the right amount of spice to it. Mary C insists that it is better with the jalapenos inside so if you can handle spice, I would strongly encourage you to enjoy those little green devils. I was also glad for the avocado and the vegenaise inside. They provided a bit of cooling for my palate.There was so much of this wrap that I was able to enjoy the last half of it the next day reheated for lunch. It was just as good then! If it weren't for my commitment to brother/sister night this might be a regular thing for me. Regardless I will still come back, especially since it's only 8 minutes away from my office!
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2011,10/17/2011,1126,245,14,11,10>Can you say Lumberjack Flash Mob?If Taxidermy and Lincoln logs had a love child, then Bigfoot West would be the result of that happy coupling. I didn't think you could take a combination like that and make it sexy, but Bigfoot West manages to do so.In fact, you may even find that every male in the establishment sporting flannel instantly becomes your Paul Bunyan fantasy under the warm, glowy lighting of Bigfoot West.This place is neat. They have a list of really cool, custom cocktails appropriate for their theme, and the bartenders were very attentive. It's not super expensive, but it's not a cheap watering hole either.The crowd is definitely mixed, but this would be a fun place to dominate with a group of friends, or impress someone on a casual date (wear the flannel!!!).
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,10/16/2011,861,371,12,13,11>mmm... delicious! cool spot from the makers of rush street. note: it's across the street from rush street in the starbucks complex.to-eat list: CHEESY POOFS - get this.  light (if you consider deep fried, breaded cheese 'light') finger lickin' good pieces of deep fried cheese puffs... so good and they disappear so fast, you'll want to order another batch. maybe not share them next time. pretzel burger - juicy goodness with tender buns.  nom!grilled cheese - heaven.  bread - perfect.  cheese - just right.  might even be better than the one i make. maybe. mushrooms - these were totally upstaged by everything else.. but still okay.  to drink: all i had was the orchard white which was recommended to me by the very friendly blond bartender dude.  it was light yet flavorful and quite delicious!sat at the bar on their 3rd night of opening... no wait.  will have to try the booth with the draughts though... and when i do... i plan to get nasty drunk.  and take the bus home.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2010,10/15/2011,795,513,5,13,10>A-Frame is a new addition to Ryan Choi's restaurant empire, its located on Washington right next to Waterloo & City. The restaurants housed in an a-frame building (hence the name) and is artistically decorated. There's several tables both inside and outside and be forewarned they don't take reservations so it's probably not a good spot to grab dinner with a large group. Also, don't be confused if others are sitting at your table that fits 4. The concept here is that everyone shares a table with another couple or group you don't know so intimate conversations could be a little difficult.My bf and I decided to check out A-frame a few days after it had opened, we arrived around 7pm and it was swarming with people both driving around looking for parking and dodging people standing in the front waiting for a seat. Luckily, we only had two in our party so snagging a seat seemed pretty quick and painless. We were seated 20 mins after we had arrived and was led to a table for 4 and noticed two other people were seated across from us - weird! In any case, the menu's not too extensive, just the way that I like em since it makes ordering much simpler. * We ordered the kaffir seasoned peel shrimp $14 - Before you order this...just remember it's cold and not hot boiled shrimp. I was a little disappointed when it came to the table because I hate eating cold cocktail shrimp. ugh. Also it was seasoned a little too much and was borderline salty.* BBQ Ribs $10 - The waiter had advised us that this was a huge hit and that everyone that's come in couldn't resist these ribs. I guess I should have learned my lesson by now by not ordering any specials because most of the time, I'm not a fan. Back to the ribs, the ribs were slathered with a citrusy sweet sauce that was a bit overwhelming, to a point where I wasn't quite sure what type of meat I was eating.* Spicy small Chicken Wings $9 - These were decent but definitely nothing worth the $9 that we paid. Sadly, this was probably the highlight of my meal, which tells you a lot since chicken wings aren't too hard to make or mess up.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2011,10/14/2011,270,138,12,16,12>Mmmm, hummus with pine nuts, eggplant with tahini, lamb. Our order consisted of the hummus with pine nuts, assorted unlimited salads, and two lamb skewers. Doesn't sound like much? Wrong!Our entire table was covered with little bowls of delicious sides (chopped liver, egg salad, eggplant with tahini, tabbouleh, baba ganoush, corn with dill, cherry tomatoes, carrot, it keeps going). The order allowed for unlimited refills, but we were too stuffed to really make use of this option. Like AYCE KBBQ, you can't stop eating. The medium rare lamb skewers were served with a selection of sides, we chose red cabbage and french fries. The fresh laffa bread was the perfect delivery system for all the food. And the hummus was some of the best, no gimmicks about it. Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated immediately and the service was excellent.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,10/13/2011,542,312,17,21,16>Hawkins House of Burgers was a fantastic burger experience. I came in and saw the printed menu on the wall and was surprised to see an extensive menu of mostly burgers but also tons of other stuff including chicken and waffles. That said, I knew I had to stick to my guns and go with what brought me here...that skyscraper-esque, stairway to burger heaven Hawkins Special. Then I read the description and I had a brain fart from trying to comprehend all that awesomeness. This while an elderly woman half my size ordered and walked out with two Colt 45s to further accentuate how much of a wuss I was being.  But then I heard a reassuring voice.   It was, Cynthia, the owner, who was an absolute joy to meet. She called out from the kitchen to make sure I had been helped and then we had a conversation about where I was coming from to get this burger. I told her this was my first time at Hawkins and that I coming from West LA to conquer the Hawkins Special but that I thought I should warm-up with something that wasn't the size of an Oompa Loompa. She then guessed correctly that I went to UCLA and advised I try the All Day Special, this being my first time and all. After that, she re-iterated multiple times that she was going to make my burger extra special and that I would love it. Needless to say, I was excited to bite into this: yelp.com/user_local_phot…All Day Special (only $4.71)- My burger was a behemoth filled with extras and totaled to what seemed like a pound of two fat and juicy patties topped with two crisp sausage links, pastrami, bacon, mustard, tomatoes, and lettuce (hold the onions). Plus, this even comes with a generous bag of fat fries and a drink! Cynthia was right, I loved this burger! She definitely hooked it up too. Hawkins and Cynthia delivered everything I would want in a burger in terms of flavor, price, and sheer massiveness.Now I can't wait to go back and tackle the Hawkins Special.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,10/12/2011,594,225,52,31,29>!! DISASTER DATE ALERT !!Ever heard the phrase, "you can't squeeze water from a stone"?  Well, what about "you can't squeeze money from a Cheap Ass Date (CAD)"?  Went to Ford's Filling Station on a 1st (and last) date with CAD.  CAD wasn't much of a looker, but he seemed like a nice guy and I figured I needed an excuse to get all dolled up for the nite.CAD ordered the Simple Salad and the Idaho Rainbow Trout, and I ordered the Roasted Pear Salad with Steak.  Wow!  Does Ford's know how to make a good salad or what!? (Hint: "or what" ain't the answer)  My Roasted Pear Salad was amazing and the hazelnuts and warm pear were nice touches.  The dressing was light and the salad went great with my medium rare steak strips.  CAD seemed to like his salad and trout and devoured his whole plate.In between bites CAD starts talking about Comicon and how proud he is of being the mayor of his apartment on Foursquare.  I choke on my salad.  Oh god, did I somehow get stuck on a date with a geek?!  I start to think of an exit strategy in case he busts out w/ World of Warcraft talk.The bill finally comes and I slowly reach for my Hello Kitty debit card to pretend to pay.  ONLY CAD doesn't stop me.  He sits there and is even SLOWER at pulling out his wallet!  Not being sure of what to do, I put the Hello Kitty debit card on top of the check.CAD:  Oh, are you sure you want to pay?*long pause* Me:  Uhhhhh yeah? (code for "oh HELLZZZ no!  I just offered so I don't look like some gold digger.  Guys are supposed to pay on the 1st date!  PLUS you ordered 2x as much food as me and I'm a broke grad student!)CAD looks at me for what seems like forever, and thinks about what he should do.  He finally decides to put his debit card down too. Waiter:  50/50?CAD:  Yup!Me:  O________O;;My Hello Kitty debit card comes back and I'm looking at my bill.  $27 for a SALAD?!  I ask CAD what he's putting down for tip bc I'm bad at math.  He tells me $3 "bc, you know, the industry average is 15% and stuff."  $3?!  Ok...CAD is officially a CAD now and he can't do math.  $3 is NOT 15% of $27.  I write down $3 too and run out of Ford's to escape our waiter's stink eye.At the end of the night, CAD and I do that weird side hug thing, and I walk away pissed that I just paid for a $30 salad and listened to geek talk all night.  I make a mental note to leave Ford's an extra big tip next time and to block CAD from my life.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,10/11/2011,681,702,23,25,23>Sizzler.We went to Sizzler by choice. And liked it.So eating at Sizzler wasn't as bad as I thought it might be. The "salad" bar actually had several vegan optionshttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/KSew4mR-_S0­aq9wxpGGl4g?select=DfelQ0o5g19Yf9RyiFNbbw , although the majority of the items were things I steered clear of. But I tried to get my money's worth in guacamole. And my guac even came with some avocado skin in it! Bonus!This event was sizzlin' because while our food may have been the mediocr-ist of the mediocre, the company was great and we had fun laughing along with our Yelp buddies. And it was cheap because I had a BOGO coupon. $12 for 2 mediocre salad bars along with the company of friends, not bad!And there was cheese toast too! yelp.com/biz_photos/KSew… That alone gives Sizzler an extra star!Thank you Hugo for convincing us all to go to Sizzler.  Can't wait for the next average UYE...Denny's is it? Although I don't think I'll get to make humorously shaped ice cream there...
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2010,10/10/2011,61,272,22,31,29>There's days when I'm just not in the mood for the usual, bland, hum-drum flavors that I tend to eat everyday. Sandwiches, burgers, burritos, pizza, BLEH! On these days, India's Tandoori is my savior.The restaurant is very clean and the decor is nice. Although not the most lavishly decorated establishment I've visited, they do make a decent attempt of giving you that feeling of eating at an exotic restaurant.The servers are usually well-dressed and VERY attentive. I've never had to ask for water refills, which a big PLUS in my book.The food is rich & flavorful as you'd expect from Indian cuisine. All the various spices and curry flavors are delightful & intriguing to the senses. My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Masala, Bhindi Bhajin (spicy okra with onions & herbs), Tandoori Chicken, Rice & Garlic Naan.That's a meal made in heaven right there!They also have an great all-you-can-eat lunch buffet, which is a great way to experiment and tastes different Indian dishes without having to commit to purchasing a whole entree.Overall, the prices are reasonable & affordable, but I still wouldn't call it "cheap eats" unless you can find friends to split the cost with.It's nearly my lunch time and now I'm starving. India's Tandoori... Why, oh why must I work so far away from you...
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,10/9/2011,707,1492,9,10,9>#19 for the win! 19 all the way! 19! 19! 19!Sorry, my enthusiasm got the best of me there. This is an awesome old school deli.I will be here at least 19 times over the next few years.  I may not get the #19 every time.  Or maybe I will.  Why mess with perfection.Oh, and just ask for it lean, not the extra lean that adds $1.  It doesn't need it.If you visit LA, try Langers and find yourself pining for some when you are far away...they will overnite you some pastrami.  Stat.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,10/8/2011,253,588,17,19,21>Oh Green Peas, how do I love thee...!#1 - Free WiFi#2 - Artsy decor with lounge area and bold paint color on the walls#3 - Vegan friendly menu with vegan items clearly marked :D...maybe saying "vegan friendly" is an understatement. I mean, they have 14, that's right I said FOURTEEN vegan sandwiches! Not to mention, vegan friendly pizzas too!What I've had:- Mushroom Sandwich with portobello, crimini, and button mushrooms, spinach, artichoke, tomatoes, red onion, and balsamic spread su.pr/2hd4oy- Gardein Chik'n Curry Sandwich with raisons, almonds, cinnamon curry powder and veganaise su.pr/1pjSnb- Green Peas Pizza with tomatoes, basil, avocado, pumpkin seeds, and daiya cheese. I also opted for the gluten-free crust su.pr/1DUJXoSo far, everything I've tasted has been all kinds of yumminess! But it doesn't stop there...they make fresh fruit smoothies!!! su.pr/5gcnzwIf you're a fan of H2O like I am, you'd love the fact that they have two self serve coolers of icy cold water in the dining area. One with floating slices of lemon and the other with slices of orange. Sometimes sliced cucumber. Yum!I love non-vegan places that have extensive vegan menus. Great place to bring my friends. I can have my vegan food and my friends can have their "normal people" food ;D
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,10/7/2011,347,458,9,34,12>Be forewarned...this review is mostly for the ladies...as this is a korean spa!Ahh I just spent hours at this spa, lying in the hot tubs, being scrubbed and massaged and just pampered, and flitting in and out of the saunas. And all...in my birthday suit! It's funny how easily you get over being naked since everyone else is the same anyways!Ever since I went to Seoul and saw one of their spas I've wanted to try it ever since. In no way can I say this spa even compares to the one in Seoul, that spa was hugeee and included a men and women's areas plus a coed section. Wilshire Spa is entirely segregated for men and women with entirely different entrances. Unmarked though, so my cousin and I ended going to the men's side first but was promptly directed to the women's side. Here's how it goes. We were met by a friendly woman who swiped our credit cards and gave us a basket. Oh fyi, if you get spa services the admission price is included! Whee! Your basket includes a robe, a large towel, a face towel, and a bright orange bracelet that is the electronic key to your locker. As you are led down to the spa you can feel the air get warmer and warmer.Find your locker, stow your belongings and strip down to your birthday suit, then take a quick shower before you hop around the place. Soap, shampoo, and conditioner is all provided and I swear I ended up taking 5 showers in just one night. The perfect amount of pressure and there was just something to being able to shower anytime you wanted without the hassle of undressing and dressing again. Hehe.This place has got a bit of everything and is very nice and clean. Most ladies pad around in the provided sandals or just in bare feet. There's the locker area, the vanity area with blowdryers and items for dressing, shower area, sleeping room, a steam sauna, 3 types of dry saunas, lounge area with comfy chairs, and 2 hot tubs and 1 cold one. Everything is mostly open and interconnected though so its best to keep your voices lower if possible. It echoes like crazy! And of course no one wants to hear about how cheap you bought your hot dog for. Yeah...unless you really like hot dogs?Ahh....the hot tubs...there were two of them and the different between them was that one was super super hot and the other was just considered hot! Haha. The bigger one happened to be the hot one though so most people ended up in the smaller one. I don't know how some ladies did it but most people didn't stay there for long. The cold tub is pretty invigorating...but I'll have to stay I definitely didn't last very long in there.The sleeping room was okay, we spent the night there just to check it out and really experience it. You get these mats to sleep on and the oddest foam pillows ever. Not the most comfy. There are some blankets but in short supply. About 10 women slept overnight and by 3am everyone had settled down. Nice to know you can sleep over if need be. The staff turns off as many lights as possible as people start settling down.Lastly...the signature body massage!!! Now that was painful but fun and relaxing all the same. These Korean women are serious about it! Here's how it goes:Body scrub-they put on these rough fabric hand mitts and scrub you down all over your body. Rubbing off all the old skin (which you can visibly see) and really going over everything. A bit rough at the end when they've gone over sensitive areas 4 times already. Even though I have sensitive skin though I didn't break out afterwards because of everything they did to moisturize my skin.Towel Massage-Don't know how to describe this other than they put a towel over me and massaged me through it. Mostly pressing down all over. Not comfy, but just the start.Swedish oil massage-oooh I liked...this felt quite nice and was very moisturizing after they scrubbed off so much of my skin. But painful as they do dig in deep but I loved that they worked out the knots on my shoulders. So nice!Cold Cucumber mask facial and hair wash-they just kept applying this to my face and I thought they were going to bury me in it! Nice and chill and then they washed my hair with an apple scent as it set. Then it peeled right off!Milk bath-whoa! They used real milk! They had  squirt bottle they just squished milk all over me and then had me put it on my face too! Then you rinsed it off. Super moisturizing!I think I'm in love with Korean spas! I'm regretting not trying the one in Seoul now! Gotta try some other ones for more comparison! Great deal though for what I got and it was so nice and relaxing.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,10/6/2011,547,454,15,18,20>Dear John's, On a kitty corner off the 405 and Culver, behind your oak doors, your dim and dark decor gives way to a sweet environ akin to Cheers. The company - both silver-haired and young - wine, dine, and laugh over plates of lobster tail, chicken marsala and roasted skate. The food is short of spectacular, but hits home - just like the music. Dean & Richard, your two resident musicians, play the likes of Sweet Caroline and mann a four piece band of their own. 16 of us met for a farewell-to-NY party for one. The party grew and they were more than accommodating in adding another table to the already-extended tables. The bartenders prepped our drinks readily; our GOBLETS of wine were filled to the brim; beers and ales were brought in their original containers with a glass for us to fill ourselves. Baskets of warm crusted white bread were brought out - and then followed by the most addictive GARLIC rolls. Hilarity ensued when we realized the rolls were hot dog buns split four ways.The food was satisfying and filling. Slightly better than a diner. My skate was lightly battered and cooked tender. Friend's burger was hUge and falling apart with juiciness. Poached salmon was a tall cut. Lobster and steak were shareable. Indeed, the dishes were generous portions...and almost every one sans the sandwiches were accompanied by the same yellow rice and buttery carrots and broccoli. Dean and Richard took song requests. And sang happy birthday to several people throughout the night. Including the boy who was the center of our farewell party. They also gave him a slice of cheesecake with a candle. Hey, a party is a party is a party, right? :)At one point in the night, I felt compelled to apologize to a table of two sweet ladies next to ours, for us being such a boisterous crowd. One lady said not to worry about it, and that we were welcome back any time. She then proceeded to introduce herself and her mother, who was 92 years old. They came here almost every Friday. I have never met such a HIP and cool mother-daughter pair!! (Besides my own. :) )So, dear John's, thank you for hosting and having us for such a deserving memorable evening. Sincerely, Jean L.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,10/5/2011,1250,1174,14,15,14>Did someone say PORK BELLY? Forage probably has one of my most favorite pork belly sandwiches in town. Freshly baked crusty French bread, mayo, cole slaw, jalapnos, and a beautiful serving of their moist and tender pork belly make for an unbeatable Silverlake lunch. Toss in a side of amazing kale salad, a real cane sugar cola, a sweet pastry, and I'm set. Forage uses all organic, local, or foraged (by way of people bringing them in) produce. Their meats are of the highest quality, and their prices are very good. The staff are friendly and there is a little something here for everyone. I am also a huge fan of their avocado sandwich, but I don't always get it because I am too distracted by the pork belly! I've gone here with both meat-lovers and vegan friends and everyone always leaves stuffed and happy. Parking is free in the lot or metered on the street, and they update their menu online frequently to what is available or in season. Every neighborhood in America should have a place like Forage.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,10/4/2011,361,411,18,20,18>When people tell me they don't like sandwiches, I tell them it's because they've never had a GOOD one.The first time I tried this place, I came with my friend around 10:30 am after our rotations, and we were starving and looking for somewhere to chat and catch up. We stopped by this place, and I ordered a pesto chicken sandwich while my friend ordered a cafe dulce club. We seated ourselves at a table outside. When they brought out our food, the smell of my sandwich stopped me mid-sentence, and I told my friend, "I definitely smell that pesto!"I love chicken pesto sandwiches, but I am always disappointed when they're bland or dry. But this one was SOOO freaking delicious! It was definitely one of the best and most flavorful sandwiches I've ever had! I loved the combo of sundried tomatoes, avocado, chicken, and pesto! Normally, I probably would've traded half with my friend, but it didn't even cross my mind because I wanted the sandwich all to myself. =X Afterwards, we bought some of their roti buns to go. Yumm! They were light and sweet and delicious! There were a few kinks that day, such as some of our fruit that came on the side not being fresh, but we shared our concerns with management, and they were super quick to apologize and respond. Excellent service!I have since been back and tried some things, including their fresh coffee, which is strong and delicious. If you're in the area, give this place a try!
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,10/3/2011,152,101,7,11,12>I enjoyed the "Nonna Elvira's" Lasagna Verde with Beef and Veal Ragu, ($16). The lasagna had a rich quality and was almost fluffy in texture, hence there was little chewing involved as it seemed to melt in my mouth.  This was enhanced by the 2007 Caburnio (Tuscan Cabernet Sauvignon) ($50, 92-wine spectator). The wine was full-bodied with hint of black cherry and spice with a very dry finish. The wine imparted a richness to the meal, that with the combination of the lasagna led to a staccato consumption in this symphony of flavor, so as not to become overwhelmed by the crescendo of its notes. Service was sincerely friendly and enthusiastic, for the most part, but seemed a little annoyed when the last of our orchestral eaters had yet to make his debut.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,10/2/2011,663,264,9,12,11>I'M BAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!Man, it's been months since I've Yelped! Between the new gig and PbP (Project by Project), I barely have time to breathe!But, here I am writing my review for the fantastic Beer Belly! Ktown really needed a place like this. I'm so glad Jimmy saw this need and filled the void with this awesome place. From the awesome artwork (big ups to Yoshi) to the sinfully delicious food, this place draws in all kinds of crowd - koreans and all.  Some of my favorite menu items include:-fish n chips-beet salad w/ asian pear-deep fried oreos-fried cauliflowerThis place gets super packed during the week so I suggest getting there earlier to grab seats, unless you want to eat while standing.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2011,10/1/2011,330,1259,8,11,9>Gloria's Cafe is a little family run restaurant on Venice.  It is quaint and lines can get long at peak hours.  They are pretty mainstream now since most of the people venturing in have seen the 'diners, drive-ins and and dives" appearance Gloria's had made since 2010.  Where she explains it's really salvadorean but when they opened they called it "mexican" because people were more familiar with that.  Though you can still hear conversations Gloria has with guests that have been partaking for decades.  The inside is still pretty humble in decor and feels like a great neighborhood joint.The adobada is very tender and tasty.  A good mix of spices and flavors and slow cooked to perfection.  You should definitely opt for the tortillas when they offer, since you want to scrape the plate clean without making it look unclassy.  The seafood soup is my favorite since I'm a big fan of all things from the sea.  It's flavorful, refreshing, and the seafood is all cooked to perfect tenderness.  I opt for more chips since they are thicky and crunchy.  Salsa is freshly made and has a mild kick in the best way.  I still have a great deal of the menu to get through so I will be back for more, more, and more.
