<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,11/26/2014,950,776,15,16,11>This is probably the best lunch spot in the area for a lot of reasons. 1) Prices are very reasonable. 2) Quality is great. All the food tastes super fresh.3) Timing to get food is very fast. Service is always great here. My favorite item on the menu is the full serving of grape leaves for $5.25. Lots of free parking is in the lot right next to the restaurant.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,11/25/2014,207,81,15,21,20>This place was amazing!! Just happened to find it on yelp when I was looking for something quick as I was passing through the city of LaVerne. I walked in and to my surprise it was not only a butcher shop but the owner said he could make me anything that was behind the glass! Ribeye's and sausage, chicken and burgers, seafood and pork!!! Anything your little heart desires! They also have a few gourmet ideas in the freezer like duck and bison, a couple other things I can't remember what they were. They also have a wide variety of wines and gourmet beers. I will definitely be going back to pick up some steaks and other meats for the BBQ this summer! Yum
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/24/2014,1152,1124,30,33,30>So good. So fast. So easy.1. Wait in line2. Grab the next available seat(s) at the counter3. Order off a super simple order form4. Eat, enjoy, be merry5. Pay the bill in the front (16% service charge incl.)The line goes by pretty fast usually, since most people are in and out of there within 20-minutes. Each person gets an order form and the menu is simple: 3 hand rolls for $10.50, 4 for $13, 5 for $17.50, or you can do a la carte. My appetite is pretty small nowadays, but five is perfect for me. If you go with five, you get the daily hand roll (which alternates between Toro and Yellowtail), Salmon, Bay Scallop or Cucumber (get the scallop), Blue Crab, and Lobster. All for $18! And guess what?THEY ARE ALL DELICIOUS.I want to eat here every day, every day, f-ck what anybody say.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,11/23/2014,315,142,16,25,23>A prime example of why you should never judge a book by its cover - Commonwealth is one of the best hidden gems out there.  It is surrounded by gas stations and auto body shops, and looks about half the size of your average Starbucks.  Their hours are extremely limited, and they don't even answer their phones until they officially open (at least the day I called).  It is yet another reason my life is better because of Yelp, and friends who Yelp (thanks Ailyne)...Their max capacity is 35, but they make the most of the limited space they have.  The tables are set up so you feel cozy, but not cramped.  Right when I sat down, the words tiny and small were replaced with intimate and exclusive.  I am typically not one to focus so much on ambiance, but Commonwealth's was delightful, and impossible to ignore.That being said, as impressed as I was with the interior, it was nothing compared to the food.  I don't even feel right referring to it as food.  It was too delicious to be grouped into such a broad category, and is on a level entirely on its own... From now on, let's just call it Fjoeuhge.  Commonwealth's Fjoeuhge I tried:Fried Chicken - salt and pepper fried, cumin, maple dijon.P.E.I. Mussels - white wine, chili butter garlic, and grilled bread.Seared Hanger Steak - mushroom sautee, garlic, black pepper cream.Soft Shell Prawns - couldn't find the description on their website for this one, but my guess is prawns imported directly from Heaven, and whatever angels eat.Butterscotch Pudding - also not online, but pretty self explanatory, plus bacon.Literally everything I tasted gave me a stiffy.  The "worst" thing I tasted was the fried chicken (boneless tenders), and even those were the best chicken tenders I've ever had.  My favorite, although they were all close, had to be the soft shell prawns.  My wife actually pointed out to me that I was eating shrimp eyeballs and it didn't phase me one bit.  The eyeballs, tail, head, shrimp nose, and everything on and around it tasted amazing.  Amazing was a common theme shared by all of their Fjoeuhge, and there is not a single thing I would change.  Everything had just the right amount of everything, and made my tongue feel like it won the lottery.  Bacon bits on top of butterscotch pudding was genius, and a perfect way to end the night.Service was top notch and genuine.  We had 6pm reservations, but were in a rush to catch a 7pm engagement.  Thankfully, we were able to take our steak to go, and come back afterwards for dessert.  We were the last ones in there at closing, and never felt rushed or unwanted.  To say that I plan to come back would be like saying I plan to blink again... Even if I tried not to, my involuntary movements would get me back here eventually.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,11/22/2014,293,137,15,14,11>I work nearby and been coming here probably once a week now. At first I thought the tacos were pretty decent. But they must've put something in them cause it seems like I've got an addiction now. And I just want more tacos.I love tacos. Don't care where it's from. Street tacos, taco bell tacos, fish tacos. Whatever causes me to tilt my head 90 degrees is okay with me. And the great thing about tacos is that every place has their own version. And I'd say the Mexicali version is pretty darn good.First I'll start with the meat. I usually get the lunch combo, 3 tacos and a drink for $8.50. They also have a 2 taco combo but come on, that's weak and I ain't got time for no diet. The carne asada here is awesome. AWESOME. The meat is so tender and juicy. And there's no fat, nor is it super salty. I've tried the Al Pastor (and has pineapples in it) and it's pretty good. But I'd recommend the Carne Asada.Here's the reason I give 5 stars, their salsa bar. It's just loaded with goodness. It's self serve, with 3 different sauces (Mild, Medium, Hot). The sauce has got some kick to them, even the mild so try a little before you hose down your taco. The Pico de Gallo is great, constantly made and fresh. The onions are freaking amazing. Super tangy and vinegar-y. Then there's cabbage, guac, radishes, limes, and cucumbers. I take a bag of cucumbers, squeeze lime in it, add salt, shake it up and eat that straight. It's what they do. And it will make your meal even better.I love street tacos, and I won't ever turn them down. But this isn't exactly the tacos you will get from a taco truck. However, Mexicali is unique, and that will keep me coming back. Plus that salsa bar.. wow. It used to be Cash Only but they finally take plastic here now! Seating is also limited so prepare to squeeze, maybe rub a few elbows. A lot of cops eat here. I don't know why I should share that but you never know who's reading these reviews.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/21/2014,131,289,7,28,20>I hate moving.  Absolutely HATE it.  Moving ranks as one of the absolutely worst things to do ever.  Because of a variety of terrible reasons, my husband and I have had to move 3 times in the last 4 months.  Torture!  It's not even the packing that sucks.  The UNpacking is even bearable, but it's moving heavy ass boxes/furniture that is the worst.  There's no work out at the gym that can properly prepare you for the awkward lifting and shuffling through narrow spaces that is often required with moving.  That being said, when we were finally closing escrow for our new house, I was able to talk my husband into hiring movers.First of all, booking a time was no problem at all.  I called up the number, got a quote, and booked them online.  We hit a tiny snag with our closing date, so we needed to push the appointment another day, and luckily they were available and accommodating.Stephen, Emil, and Anton met my husband at our storage facility where we had two store units that needed to be loaded up in the truck.  These poor guys not only had to unload TWO packed storage units, but the units were pretty much on opposite sides of the facility and one was on the second floor.  I don't think there was a way to make this more difficult for them.  After about an hour and a half, the guys drove over to the house and started moving everything in.We didn't have a clear cut idea where everything should go besides the main furniture, of course.  They guys did a great job stacking all the boxes in the living room, and moving our super heavy dressers to the bedrooms.  Not only did they unload everything from their truck, we also had a Uhaul full of stuff that they also unloaded for us.  That was such a huge help!You gotta book this moving company.  It may seem like they charge more per hour, but they only have a 3 hour minimum (as opposed to the 8 hour minimum that other companies require), and there's no sneaky mileage fees.  The quote they give you is completely inclusive of all services.  Our total was less than $400 for 4 hours of work.  The money is well worth it!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,11/20/2014,1939,571,14,22,21>Beautiful setting, creative drinks, and good food- thanks, Chef Roy! When I first heard about Commissary, my mistaken impression was that it was strictly a veggie-centric, even borderline (gasp!) vegetarian place. Not the case at all. The veggies and fruits definitely have starring roles but they easily share the stage with fresh and flavorful meat and seafood dishes. Even if you don't go there to dine (but you should), the decor and drinks make it worth a visit. The greenhouse, with its mismatched knickknacks, homey shelves, and funky lights, is simply gorgeous, especially as the sun sets. Grab a seat at the bar if you can't grab a table and enjoy the atmosphere.  The cocktails are a must here. They use the freshest ingredients and the drinks are fairly strong too. They have several wines and beers, including Angel City. I had the White Peach cocktail, which they make using Pisco that they age themselves, in barrels behind the bar. I loved that drink! It was very light and refreshing, and not too sweet. My friend wanted to try one of the "gin & juices" so she had the beet.  I'm not a beet fan, but it did taste very fresh and "healthy". Our table shared several dishes, and we each chose an entree. For starters, we had the fries, the fried eggs, the charred carrots, and the lettuce salad with avocado, grilled peaches, bacon, and lemon dressing. Our server suggested we top our fries with the eggs and it was pretty good. I think my favorite app was the salad though; all the ingredients came together very nicely. My entree was the clams. These were good, although very spicy, and there were tons of jalapeños in the broth. The other entrees were pretty good, although the jus for the French Dip was very salty. We finished with the only dessert they were offering, some kind of meringue-like cookie, topped with a sweet marinated rhubarb compote, in a pool of cream sauce (can't remember but it may have been yuzu?). Light and unusual flavors, but tasty. It's cute how they give you seed packets with your bill. I need to plant my Pea Seeds!Commissary is definitely a fun experience, but be sure to make reservations.  The place had filled up very quickly by the time we left around 8:30.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2014,11/19/2014,299,605,21,17,14>OB Bear is a genuine old school DIVE probably even before  the days it was called Koreatown when some referred to it as "Uptown".  The inside is a mish-mash of strange décor, and seems to be bits & pieces left over from other incarnations & interior design elements from previous owners.  The bar area is all along the east wall, and is cluttered with crude handmade signage advising customers that "We don't take cards under $10. We take maximum 3 cards. No persons under 21. ID required."  In the other 2/3 of OB Bear, there are dark booths for more private dining. In general, it's a casual space that has a honkytonk feel where there should be Korean truck drivers & longshoremen to round out the downhome sensibilities of OB Bear.  I opted to do a take out for their noted Fried Spicy Chicken Wings.  The nice, native English speaking, bilingual waiter told me the wait would be 25 minutes so to save waiting time, calling in the order before might be suggested.  To kill the time, I sat at the bar, and had what else?.......OB beer from Korea which only comes in a big bottle.  I was handed a small bowl of fried green peas as something to eat with the OB beer.  Matching the dive atmosphere, the fried green peas turned out to be a bit stale.  If I hadn't ordered take out, I would also have expected a "greasy spoon" or a chopstick equivalent at the table.Twenty-five minutes were up, & magically a plastic bag with 4 containers of various sizes appeared.  A small container of sliced canned, pickled jalapeno chile peppers, shredded raw cabbage with a sweet Thousand Island dressing, Daikon radish cubes brined in sweet clear juice, & the biggest Styrofoam package contained the chicken wings mostly of drumstick with a smattering of the 2 bone wing. The wings seemed battered & fried and then tossed in a sticky caramelized sugar syrup with inflections of red chile pepper flakes, garlic, ketchup. White whole sesame seeds were scattered on top for extra aroma as well as a bit of eye appeal.   The meat is moist & tender, but for the most part lacks Umami. Perhaps marinating the chicken wings in garlic, ginger, bit of soy sauce would have added that extra Umami oomph to the meat.  As it goes, the savory, sweet, herbal flavours are all in the caramelized sugar sauce which only covers the wings, but does not impregnate the meat. So I'm going to experiment, and let the other half of the spicy chicken wings to set for 3 days to see if more flavour reaches down into the mostly unflavoured meat.The shredded cabbage is a refreshing offset to the sticky sweet, chile peppery, oily fried chicken.  I did not pour the Thousand Island dressing since I wanted the cabbage to act as a palate cleanser to the cloying spiciness of the fried chicken.  There is a sweet, brine based Daikon pickle that has a slightly "diaper pail" off odor that would bring tears of nostalgia to many East Asians.  All the above paired well with the salt quenching OB bear that I managed to sneak out.  OB Bear is a cool dive where you can hang out & enjoy downhome Korean food & great Korean beer such as OB & Hite.  In some ways coming here reminds me of my all time favorite old school charcoal based Korean BBQ, Soot Bul Jip, except the waitresses here at OB aren't so crabby.  3+ Yelp stars for good Korean style fried spicy chicken wings.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,11/18/2014,295,101,60,56,51>My milkshake brings all the yelpers to the yard,And they're likeIt's better than yours,Damn right it's better than yours,I can share with you, But I have to chargeDO YOUR TASTEBUDS A FAVOR AND TRY THE MILKSHAKE!! It is wicked good!!I wanted to do a review on my previous visit but I got quite inebriated and can barely recall anything. All I remembered was the beer list is broad, the Slater's 50/50 burger is astounding, and I devoured the Bacon Blondie.So now onto this visit where I changed it up a little and stayed sober. What?! No beer?! Yes my fellow Yelpers I had a milkshake in lieu of the tantalizing beers. After sampling my friend's Graceland milkshake I was instantly hooked. It was a chocolate, banana, and peanut butter dessert party! I had to get my own and ordered the Bananas Foster. If there is a moment in your life when you made a good decision and was proud of it, you can do it again by getting yourself a milkshake. No concrete consistency here folks! Smooth and steady texture so you can easily suck up the yummy goodness through a straw! There are kids and there are adult versions of the milkshake. The difference? Bourbon, Rum, and Vodka. Choose your shake and choose your poison. It's just too bad I followed up an excellent choice with a bad one. I should of stuck with the 50/50 but instead I wanted to try something different. The California Burrito burger sounded good on paper but in reality it missed the spot. 3 people ordered it and we all agreed it was OK. Definitely not something any of us will order again. So far the 50/50 is my favorite burger here. The combination of the pepper jack, sunny side up egg, and the avocado mash makes my tongue melt. I apologize for cheating on you. I came on a Friday night around 9pm and waited 45 minutes. Fortunately there's plenty of seating area while you wait outside and there's also a fire pit. You can also bring your milkshake to the yard.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,11/17/2014,483,467,22,28,22>(Dined 09/23/14 TU @ 2:00pm): I just might start throwing elbows (pasta, that is!) around here to get my mac & cheese on!I couldn't wait for the grand opening of Mac-O-licious and the day finally arrived! I loved all-things mac & cheese, and I tried their food truck (no longer around) on a couple occasions, so I was sort of familiar with this business. But to finally have a storefront, hell yeah! Here was how my first of definitely many meals went:Just Baking Bacon Mac & Cheese with extra Bacon toppings ($8.50 + $1.50) - Mac & cheese AND hickory smoked bacon together...PLUS, even more bacon added for good measures!? If this were prepared in a vat, I would throw myself in and eat my way out! My goodness, I need a hand-check here, if you knew what I meant! Definitely, some pigs were harmed in the making of this dish! And with the amount of gooey cheddar cheese, I swore some cows and their udders were also harmed! Lactose-intolerant I was in my older age, so this wrecked havoc on my system...but it was totally worth it! yelp.com/user_local_phot…  Cornbread Muffin ($1.50) - Apparently, these were selling like hotcakes! Kelly sadly came up to me and said they were currently out and it would be another 15 minutes until the next batch was ready. No worries because I needed my cornbread. A petite thing, it arrived all hot and quite possibly bothered, and I pounced on it like a fat kid on cake! Soft, a bit grainy, I thought I needed some gravy over here with some fried okra! Yes, I liked it and eventually crumpled the rest into the mac & cheese. It was worth the weight...urr..wait. yelp.com/user_local_phot…  Jarritos Mandarin ($2.50) - What can I say, I'm not much of a soda drinker, but when I do I liked to grab for a Jarritos (usually any flavor would do), It's sugary goodness, came in a variey of fruity flavors, and this happened to be my favorite. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Service - This was their grand opening day, so all the stops were pulled out. The place was half-full when I arrived, and I was graciously greeted by Kelly herself who eventually took my order (the young female cashier also handled customers). Once I paid, I found a cozy seat in the corner with a couple of fun throw pillows. As previously mentioned, there was a delay with the cornbread, so my food was equally delayed. In about 15-minute's time, my entire meal came to me by a young gentleman with again apologies from Kelly. Throughout my meal I was periodically checked on by various employees, who soon took away my empty dishes, etc. Overall, great Southern-esque hospitality. Parking (free) - There were plenty of free parking spaces in the outdoor shopping center they were located in. Street parking was also an option on all surrounding streets (just be mindful of any posted signs for restrictions).Atmosphere, décor, ambience - A relatively small storefront, a ton of natural lighting cascaded through the front glass doors and walls onto neatly-arranged faux tableclothed tables decorated with happy yellow pails which held napkins and utensils. If you sat on the benches along each far wall you had some cute mac & cheese throw pillows to cushion yourself. Electric lighting hung from the exposed industrial-style ceiling covered with fanciful lampshades. You simply had an order counter with a chalk-written menu on the wall behind the counter. Some framed pictures hung on the walls for added décor. There were no TVs nor noticed any background music. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Attire - Totally casual, so I would normally be in a t-shirt, boardshorts, and flip-flops.Overall, I wished Mac-O-licious all the best with their new storefront and I would certainly be back. The food was very good, the portion sizes were right (of course, I wouldn't mind if I had leftovers), and the service was great. I felt the prices were a tad high (a buck or two tops), but the other wonderful things I mentioned more than made up for this. Although the menu was limited to mainly mac & cheese, they had other lighter fare such as salads and chicken, but no alcohol. I found very good value based on the prices, service, and experience noted above (total paid experience was around $15.00 before tip). And, they accepted my credit card of choice...AMEX! 4.0 STARS
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,11/16/2014,491,158,15,21,25>I was hesitant to come here due to the mediocre reviews on Yelp. However, I was pleasantly surprised! If you set your expectations low, then you will more likely enjoy the experience.Also, Bottega Louie, a well-known Italian restaurant, is just a few blocks away, so I never had a reason to come to Portofino. I'm so glad I did though!We ordered:Angus meatballs ($11): 4/5.  three meatballs covered in pasta sauce, mozzarella, and served with two pieces of garlic bread. I loved the flavorful meatballs doused in pasta sauce!Rigatoni ($17.50): 5/5. I took a bite of my friend's dish and it was very tasty. My favorite dish from tonight. The sauce is very creamy and filled with bits of Italian sausage. Yum!Swordfish ($19): 4/5. The fish was very tender; however, the capers made the fish extremely salty. After I scraped off the capers, it tasted a lot better. I liked the olive oil, tomato, and olive combination they put on the fish. Added a lot of flavor. Served with a side of broccoli and potatoes. The broccoli was a bit undercooked and hard to bite into. Overall, still a tasty dish.Bottle of Sangiovese ($34). 4/5 Pretty good wine with a decent bouquet, and no weird aftertastes. The service was the best part! Previous review on Yelp talked extensively about the poor service. Perhaps Portofino has changed their practice based on these reviews. The hostess and the waiter were both very attentive and friendly.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,11/15/2014,439,104,22,28,27>So my trusty Toyota has 271,000 miles. Yes, I get around. So naturally my tires pay the price. I needed 2 front tires ASAP and I didn't want the fuss or expense of typical auto places.Good 'ol Yelp to the rescue and with Western Tire sporting 5 star reviews I knew I'd be in good hands.And let me tell you, they are as legit as it gets! Friendliest nicest bunch of dudes ever. Straight forward, professional, and no bull.I was greeted as soon as I walked in and they immediately checked to see what they had in stock. 2 Goodyear tires and labor came to $210. I was out in under 20 minutes.Bing, bang, boom! Now that's what I'm talking about.Oh wait, and free tire rotations every 5,000 miles? Yippee!!The end.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,11/14/2014,645,703,28,37,33>Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #247 - #365Expert Hardwood Flooring you say?Based on the work and service we've encountered, it's safe to say they are true experts to their craft. We found out about this company through our mechanic "Tom" who referred us to Expert Hardwood Flooring and we were impressed by their level of expertise. Henry helped my Mom remodel the second floor of our 1980's home and it took almost 3 months to complete  compared to one month we originally planned. The renovation included the bathrooms which took the longest to complete because of demolition and the granite and cabinets were custom made. Our showers took a lot of time as well for the tile work and ordering the bronze fixtures. The one thing that stands out in the bathrooms are the granite counter tops. You can't find that in every house!One more thing I would like to add are the dark hardwood floors, there not really hardwood but vinyl. It's a cheaper alternative to real hardwood and it saved us about 50% of the cost. It took a total of 3 days to install the vinyl hardwood; including the stairs. After 3 months of renovating, we were fully satisfied with the professional service and helpful staff. Henry didn't live to far from us so he would check the quality of the work and make sure it was going as planned. We made some changes here and there completing around 3 months time. We plan to remodel our whole first floor and use Henry again for the floors and gut and remodel our kitchen.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,11/13/2014,130,458,25,29,28>Green Island Restaurant is a solid Cantonese restaurant in the City of Industry.  It is located a few blocks south of the Puente Hills Mall in a Strip Shopping Center.  They serve up all kinds of Cantonese dishes from noodles to stone pot rice to everything in between. They have a special where if you spend over $30, you get beef fried rice for free.  The family and I have come here on several occasions.  We have had their house special chicken on Sundays, their clay pot rice, salt and pepper spare ribs, and a chicken with mushroom clay pot.  The chicken is a Cantonese Style boiled or poached chicken.  It is flavorful, but, yet not spectacular.  The first time we were there, the chicken meat was soft and mushy.  The second time we were there, it was cooked to perfection.  We were impressed by the size of their clay pot rice.  It was slightly bigger than their competition, and a couple dollars cheaper.  What I didn't like about it was that the stone pots didn't get hot enough for the rice to carmelize or get crispy on the bottom of the pot.  I also did not like that the soy sauce for the rice did not come on the side.  They poured the soy sauce on the rice for you.  Even me, the avid salt eater that I am, thought the the rice was salty.  The spare ribs were good, though, I have had better.  Preserved meats?  It was okay.  It is impossible to mess that up.  The salt and pepper spare ribs were delicious.  There are small little ribs cut in to bait sized pieces.  The meat was marinated and cooked in a nice batter.  My daughter loved it, and the shrimp flavored chips that came along with it.  The chicken and mushroom clay pot was okay.  It had a slightly spicy taste to it.  Most of the meat was white meat.  They forgot that their felllow Chinese like the dark meat.  The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated.  Service was good.  They had several large screen LG televisions mounted to the walls.  The daughter was hypnotized by their television.  Even though she could not hear it, or have a direct view of the television, she felt she needed to watch it, instead of eating.  Good place!  I'll be back!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2014,11/12/2014,508,219,28,28,27>This joint has a strange crowd for sure. Guys with grizzly beards and flannel shirts, guys with handlebar mustaches and suspenders, girls who channel their inner pin-up, girls who dress like boys, boys who dress like girls, boys who look like they belong on the Westside, and a handful other ordinary and unmemorable people. They have well priced drinks and it doesn't seem to get too crowded. There are places to sit and there is rarely a line, so it's a chill spot to meet  up with friends in the area on the weekends.
