<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/4/2014,24,225,3,13,7>I drive by here everyday and never stopped in until last night. I love a good steak sandwich, but i just always forget this place is here! Well I remembered last night, and so glad I did have to say, they do a  great version of a steak sandwich here indeed. There are options if you want to change it up from the traditional, they have grilled chicken, salads, a variety of sauces to put on your sandwich...My husband chose the in house made green curry sauce which had great flavor, while mot being overly hot. I went  very traditional with shaved beef, grilled onions, peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheese whiz (yes!--- you can choose from several cheese options, btw). So good! The best steak sandwich I have had in years. I usually just get one sandwich and have my 2 kids split it, but in this case they finished and both wanted another...The employees (I think one was the owner) were both friendly and quick on the grill too. Small space with a handful of tables, but very clean, bright and inviting. Definitely will be back.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/3/2014,80,59,4,8,9>This place is great for happy hour! They have lots of good deals. For five dollars a cocktail you cannot go wrong! Also on Tuesday they do half off bottles of wine, I'm really tempted to come here for a ladies night and get a bottle...or two. So far I have tried the Crying Bartender, 41 North Main, 7 Regions, Gimlet, and Volcano Moreno. I really disliked the Crying Bartender but that just might be because I am not a sweet drinks person. It tasted like pure sugar to me. But the bartender was awesome and when she realized I didn't drink it she took it off the bill! The 41 North Main is good very herby, and refreshing. My friend got the Volcano Moreno which was gorgeous and tasted pretty great as well. The only thing I would have done differently is ask for it with no salt. I'm not a fan of salt on the rim. My two favorite drinks were the 7 Regions and the Gimlet! The 7 regions is very sour and pink, but very tasty! Their take on a Gimlet was awesome! It may be my favorite Gimlet thus far. They put Elderflower liquor and rosewater in theirs, giving it a sweet floral flavor. I love floral drinks, so they sold me on this one. Also the drink comes with an adorable ice ball that has a flower in it.While we were here we tried their homemade potato chips, and onion dip. The chips came out hot, and the dip was cracktastic! We could not stop eating them. I ordered the oxtail and egg fettuccine for dinner. The oxtail was cooked superbly, and went well with the pasta dish. I would definitely love to try more on their menu!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,3/2/2014,100,146,3,6,4>This is a go to spot for me. I have tried every dog on the menu and many of the daily specials. The Golden Retriever is my favorite and Fido Castro is one of my favorite specials (though it is available any time). Plate heads will enjoy Dogtown's version though their "hot sauce" is more like a Cincinnati chili. Their soups are also very nice. I'd give them a five star rating but I feel like that is reserved for more upscale places. It's definitely in the top tier of my DD&D restaurants.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,3/1/2014,49,92,2,9,6>My husband and I came here for Valentine's Day and it was INCREDIBLE.  We had such a great meal and experience and I cannot wait to come back.First of all, the service was WONDERFUL.  I'm prettttttttttty sure our server's name was Amanda, but I may have forgotten.  Either way, hands down one of the best servers I've ever had (and as a former server myself, I can get pretty picky).We decided to just do glasses of wine, but should have just splurged for the whole bottle, as we had no problem splurging on the rest of the meal :)We started with the calamari appetizer special which had calamari, shrimp, and mussels in a slightly spicy tomato sauce.  My only complaint of the whole entire meal was that the shrimp was a little overdone, but the sauce was to die for and the other seafood was cooked really well.We each had a fish special.  Mine was a light, white fish (I can't remember the name!) cooked in a lemony sauce, with carmelized lemon slices that were yum-tastic.  I chose the mashed and the veggies as a side.  Husband had a whole fish that was perfectly cooked, he stuck with the roasted fingerlings and veggies for his side.  Both our fish dishes were perfectly cooked, with just the right amount of sauce accompanying them.  NOM!And on Valentine's day, how can you skip dessert?!  He had a coffee, I had a cappuccino and we split the cheesecake which was somehow the perfect blend of dense, yet light, and so rich and flavorful.The owner approached us at one point in the meal to check in and chat, which was lovely, and could have been overbearing but it wasn't.  We overheard them chatting with a couple behind us, who it sounded like may have been married here?  The owners were so glad to see them and brought them free dessert.  And chatted with them a lot about how married life was treating them.  Obviously they loved their wedding meal and wanted to come back and celebrate another day at Ristorante Lucano's.  This place is not to be missed.  It's definitely not cheap, but it's worth every cent.  NOM.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/28/2014,52,128,2,6,5>We called bright and early on a Monday morning. We were in a rush to have an oversized print done and ready to go within the next 24 hours.City Blue Imaging gave us a quote and even offered a discount because we were students! They really worked with us to get what we needed and I could not have asked for better customer service. For $40 we were able to get a quality 3x4' engineering print of a research poster within a few hours.  It was far cheaper than any other store around the area (especially including Staples and Kinkos which cost about $70+).Thanks City Blue Imaging! It was a pleasure doing business with you!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,2/27/2014,4,22,2,7,3>Dorado is a cozy little restaurant on Park Avenue that serves great Latin-style food and cocktails!The first time I tried Dorado was with my date who was looking to challenge their "Best Margarita!" claim. It was rather late on a Saturday night, but we found two seats at the small "bar" in the center of the restaurant. The decor is bright and features crafty artwork as well as interesting murals, and a ceiling that evokes a sunny sky.The staff was friendly and made us feel right at home and made several good suggestions for drinks. Since it was late October, my date tried the Halloween-themed margarita while I stuck with the traditional. Both were tasty and fresh and worth the visit!Second visit was last month for dinner with friends. Our trio was promptly greeted and seated. We enjoyed homemade salsa and chips and tasty margaritas while we waited for our entrees. My Enchiladas Verdes were tasty and fresh, which both subtle and strong seasonings complementing the meats and cheeses. We tried for dessert but unfortunately they were out of flan.Probably not great for groups larger than four, but very nice for intimate dinners and relaxing with friends.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,2/26/2014,0,5,,8,4>Sogo is one of my favorite Japanese restaurants overall - I live in the area and go here regularly.Considering I have been here more times than I can count, I think I have been able to experience the restaurant in all aspects so I disagree with a lot of the reviews saying the "sushi isn't fresh" and it's "expensive". The sushi has always been delicious and fresh when I have went, the service is fast - and I admit, the servers are NOT completely knowledgeable of the menu - but, for what they give you, the food is delicious and they are happy to accommodate. I don't think I have ever had a bad experience here.Definitely one of my all-time favorite restaurants.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,2/25/2014,37,59,,7,5>I consider myself a stickler for good breakfast food and this place is my top spot in Rochester.  I walked in and was greeted with a handshake by someone I can only imagine was JB himself.  We ordered four different dishes to share and everything was amazing.  It was Sunday morning so the place was really busy, but the service was prompt and the serving staff was great.  They seem to have an affinity for whipped cream because they made art with whipped cream and chocolate on my hot chocolate, and then added some to the French toast because the server thought we "just needed to have some on there" (she was TOTALLY right!).  On the way out, "JB" gave me another handshake and said thanks for coming in.Prices are reasonable, food is great, service is good, and everything about it just felt like you were where you should be for breakfast... what more can you want?  I can't wait to go back and keep trying different things on the menu.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,2/24/2014,0,4,,7,3>Mmmm love this place! Especially in the summer out on the second floor patio overlooking the beautiful Canandaigua Lake! The food is magnificent! Every time we go they have a whole new menu. It keeps things interesting. The service has always been great. Very professional and classy. The only think I would recommend is that their brunch menu have a little bit more of a selection. Other than that, this place is perfect. Iv'e even gone to a cooking class downstairs with my boyfriend and it was so much fun, and the food turned out delicious!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,2/23/2014,26,245,2,6,3>So the best part of my experience at Han was when I ordered the Singapore Meifun - and said to the waitress "I think I'll have the chicken"...and she replied "well, it actually comes with all those items listed" (chicken, pork, shrimp,egg) - what an awesome concoction and it was pretty amazing!  I also had the steamed stuffed buns with chicken which were delicious.  I look forward to going back at some point and trying the many other items on the menu.  The service was excellent, the food came out quick and its very, very affordable especially given the quality of the food. Oh - and yes, its BYOB - yay!  My friend and I brought a small mini bar of drinks which added immensely to the experience.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,2/12/2014,35,49,2,5,3>This place is great! Haley has done my hair for nearly 2 years and never ever disappointed. It took me a few overpriced salons to find her but thanks to yelp I did. The prices at Ashby Madison are fair. The salon is comfortable with good music. Everyone is down to earth and genuinely friendly. Haley is professional and very talented with hair cuts and color. She did my hair for my wedding perfectly. It looked fabulous all day on a semi humid June day. My pictures could be in one of those bridal catalogs. Jen did my maid-of-honor's hair. She loved it and got tons of compliments! It also stayed perfect all day and night. Which was amazing considering we beat feet all day for pictures and then rebel roused it up on the dance floor into the wee hours of the morning. Make your appointment what are you waiting for!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2014,2/11/2014,0,10,,4,3>My favorite diner of all time! They have seasonal specials - it is always refreshing to change it up. The diner has a classic, all American feel and cozy ambiance. Brunch at Highland Park is impeccable - you can't go wrong with anything on the menu and the service is always fast and friendly. My favorites include Banana Nut French toast (banana butter!) and Mexican Benedict.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,2/10/2014,29,220,,4,2>Great lunch spot in Brockport.Monte Cristo sandwich, butternut squash soup, and cup of tea were the perfect lunch on a day of heavy snowing.  Space is small, so consider reservations for lunch if you have a larger party.Monte Cristo was handmade to order, served with applesauce and a small side of fruit.  Monte Cristo was nothing special, but solid.  I would have liked to see a homemade applesauce versus Motts with a sprinkle of applesauce.  Locally produced apples made into an applesauce (with the peel included) would be a nice touch, given that there are a few orchards down the road. For example, I imagine the restaurant could make a bunch of applesauce during apple season, freeze, and serve it most of the year.Butternut squash soup was a bit sweeter than expected--a little salt helped cut the sweetness.  I prefer my butternut squash soup a bit more savory.  For example, a bit of curry powder would have been an improvement.The only real objection that I had to the meal were that there was no pie for dessert.  No pies!  But, the frosted lemon bundt cake was a tasty finish.There were no surprises on the menu--plenty of quiches, sandwiches and wraps--but a good stop for lunch.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,2/9/2014,39,86,2,4,3>This multi-level eclectic craft shop really shines during the holidays. Jam packed with unusual ornaments, luxe wreaths and speciality gifts made by local artisans. The hours are hard to discern. I have even showed up during the posted hours to a closed shop. Disappointing to say the least as this place is a bit out if the way. Do yourself a favor and call first. I would also recommend leaving large bags and bulky winter clothing in the car. I have knocked something over more than once as they have very little room to walk. Deni says: It's a gem. Go!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,2/8/2014,50,152,3,6,4>Joe's Brooklyn Pizza is one of my favorite low-cost pizza joints in Rochester and as someone from NYC, it is probably the closest pizza I've had that's comparable to true NYC pizza in Rochester.The crust is thin and extremely crispy, the sauce is mouth-watering, and there's always just the right amount of topping and cheese - they always have a lot of variety and you will be an extremely happy Customer every time you go if you're looking for close-to-authentic NYC pizza.  I've had their barbecue and medium wings before and they were also really delicious (though maybe heavy on the sauce)The one thing I really need to say though - they're the best eaten there at lunch or for dinner right at their location. I've ordered a few pies from time to time and they just weren't as good somehow once we got home.  The best pizza slice you'll get from them is fresh, right out of the oven for sure
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/7/2014,16,83,1,8,5>I am pleased as punch with the Fireside Grill! Neutral painted walls, colorful accent pillows, a variety of natural wooden high-top and standard tables, with Pier 1 influenced decor, make it more than just a "bar."Actually, the bar is in an entirely different room, out-of-sight from the dining area. The only reminder in the dining area of its sports origins are  the large screen TVs hanging on several of the walls. (My impassioned apathy towards sport spectating leads me to wish they'd relegate the darn things to the bar. If they could set the Pandora to Putumayo, they'd nearly have a hipster vibe going on...alas, we're in Henrietta...)The staff is young and friendly: with a little training and experience, they would be quite good. The food is excellent!  We have eaten there three times and have been super impressed with our meals every time! The nachos are finger lickin' good -- they make their own salsa onsite. What?! There are several Mexican restaurants in Rochester (that I shall refrain from mentioning) that don't do that!They have several vegetarian options that were well received by the husband (some hummus, veggie pizza and veggie burger).Hooray!Nom.Nom.Nom.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,2/6/2014,72,90,2,5,4>I love Open Face...there is no place like it in Rochester. It's my go-to spot for lunch and I often drive from RIT to the SWedge between classes just for their tasty sandwich creations. If it's your first time here, I recommend doing the tasting so you can try two different sandwiches. They offer a ton of creative options but it's hard for me to stray away from the turkey melt and the corn mash. The turkey melt is topped with french fried onions that give it a great crunch with the melted havarti cheese and seasoned turkey. The corn mash is packed with flavor (apricot BBQ glaze!) and has some heat to it, but even I can handle it. I also enjoy the sides you can choose from and usually get the simple salad or the gingered carrots. I like to think that I am eating somewhat healthy here :) Open Face has daily specials posted on their website so definitely keep your eye out for those as well. I have yet to try their baked goods but they do look pretty good! I recall myself drooling over the white chocolate snickerdoodles and cookie sandwiches in their display case. One of these days I will indulge in them and then quickly run over to the nearby church to repent my sins!!The only negative thing I can say about Open Face is that their hours kind of suck. They are closed Sundays and Mondays and only open till 7pm. I have also arrived at their door a couple times during their posted hours to see a closed sign. I definitely think they would attract a lot more customers if they stayed open a couple hours later given their prime location in the SWedge.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,2/5/2014,118,100,5,7,5>I have been eying this place since I saw the sign go up.  Last night my boyfriend and I turned our annual thanksgiving eve drunk fest into date night and started with dinner from here. We were super excited to try everything! I had been stalking their Facebook page and Yelp page for pictures of their food and any hints on what to expect when you go there.  We got there around 7pm and was seated right away.  I was greeted at the door by three staff members.  They were definitely staffed, i would even say over staffed, but better then understaffed.  I have to say, the service and staff stood out to me more then the food on this trip.  I walked in and complemented the decor and the pretty blue flower wall paper, it's beautiful! What i loved about the staff, even though it was busy, they were all so friendly and excited to be there. We were quickly seated in the back at the table/booth.  Once again the decor is just on point, i love the look of this place.  Our servers name was Von, what and awesome name.  i do have to say, don't be shocked when you go in and you see all the waiters and waitresses looking at Ipods.  Apparently that is how they do all their orders and even cash you out that way.  it's pretty cool, but at first i thought Von was texting while he was asking me what i wanted to drink and in my head i thought, "Oh I'll wait until your done, Von!" Then i realized what he was doing, and that was taking my order haha.  Any who, they only have beer and wine right now, no big deal because their wine selection seemed great and they have 36 beers on tap.  I settled for a Half and Half  and my Boyfriend got a Guinness.  None of the beers were cheaper then $6 (unless you wanted domestic) and you can also get growlers of the beers on tap.  We deiced to share an entree and app because we were going out drink afterwards and after all, we wanted to maximize the space for beverages.  We started with the wolf bites.  Both my boyfriend and i were under the impression they would be more like sliders, but to our surprise they definitely were not.  They were little burger bites fried in puff pastry.  The sauce was really good.  It had a little kick to it.  I acutally would have loved that to dip my fries in.  The burger bite was cooked perfectly.  The only thing is, I wish they were a little bigger, or maybe the size of fried mushrooms so you could get more of them.  Also, maybe a good cheese could be in with he burger bite.  These things were great, I was left wanting more, but also felt like they were missing something.  That just could have been because we misread the description.  We also split the DBLT.  Duck bacon, lettuce, tomato with a side of irish nachos.  OMG the irish nachos are freaking to die for.  After we left and went to magpie, we thought about going back to get an order to go.  Their fires, they were cooked amazing, and they were so different then your average fry.  Soooooo gooood!!!! The DBLT was really good too, but we dropped the ball, we should have ordered something else, like one of their amazing burgers that everyone around us was getting.  Or maybe their mac and cheese Paella.  Over all the experience was great, food was great (and it was only the 2nd day they were open) and the decor is really pretty! We will definitely be going back and getting a burger, more irish nachos and their buffalo calimari.  It sounds delish.  Oh, also one of the waitresses was walking around with this giant Jim Dandy glass with  I think a desert in it.  I wanted to ask, but she was going so fast, i couldn't get her attention.  I want that too!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,2/4/2014,9,24,4,6,4>I wish there were more stars that I can hand out. I have been 'crossfitting' for about 8 months now, and it all started with a groupon at Flower City Crossfit, and clearly, I loved it, cause I am still doing it. Crossfit Webster is owned by the same great folks who own and run Flower City Crossfit, and have therefore maintained the high standards we have come to expect. The gym itself is always pristine, well maintained, and well stocked with good quality equipment. The trainers are fantastic, and they really care, making the workout a fun activity, as opposed to a banal chore.If you want to work out without having to stare at dudes taking selfies looking at the vast array of mirrors, you really should try Crossfit Webster.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/3/2014,66,620,3,8,6>Barry's has really come into its own since I first reviewed it about a year and a half ago. It's now a cornerstone of the village of Webster and its customer base is a group of die-hard regulars. Its husband-wife owners are still tireless workers on the scene there, and I have to say that there's something really nice about seeing one of them there every single time I go in. It's a true testament to how much work it takes to make a place succeed.And succeed it has. Wonderful Guinness, an impressive selection (currently the best in Rochester I think) of whiskeys, wholesome home-cooked food, absolutely delicious Guinness chocolate cake and regular traditional Irish music are all reasons that this place excels. However, its strongest point is that it's friendly. If you go, you'll feel welcomed and like you've suddenly become "part of the gang." The close quarters mean that you'll surely make new friends, as we have done on multiple occasions. The crowd here is fun-loving but never exclusive and most of them are in their 30s-50s. Holding its own as a phenomenal addition to the east side of Rochester and building a nice community at the same time, I know I'm always in for a delicious Guinness, some good laughs, and a nostalgic trip across the Atlantic to the Emerald Isle whenever I go. Make sure it's on your radar, too.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,5/14/2014,6,61,3,8,5>Forget the past, they've moved so far past what the Humphrey House was.  Signatures offers a great lunch and dinner selection with quality ingredients and flair.  Even a side a simple as tater tots are kicked up, made from sweet potatoes and great dipped in one of their homemade sauces, dressings, or even just in ketchup.  If you're unsure, stop in for lunch and try the Gruyere melt; or for dinner and try a seasonal risotto. Thank you for taking this Penfield landmark and putting out back on the culinary map.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,5/13/2014,80,59,,9,3>I was excited to see a new Ethiopian place close to downtown, so naturally I had to go check it out. We sat at the mesobs dinning room area. They were super cute and pretty comfortable. They also have a "regular" dining room, if sitting at a plain boring old table is your thing.  I loved that you had the option of being a bit more traditional. The people working here are all fantastic! It was obvious that they were excited to have more customers and they were constantly checking on us to see if we needed anything. I got the Sampler B which offered four different dishes. I couldn't resist trying numerous things on the menu. I thought it was a pretty good deal for all the food you received. I had a hard time choosing just four things but what I ended up on was the Yedoro Wat, Yetibs Fitfit, Gored Gored, and the spinach. I enjoyed the flavor of the Yetibs Fitfit a lot, but I felt like there could have been a bit more pieces of beef. The Gored Gored was great! The spinach wasn't as good as what I have gotten from other places, I felt like something was missing flavor wise but I couldn't really figure out what. This place has amazing service, and reasonable prices. I would definitely come here again, especially for the lunch buffet.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,5/12/2014,24,225,,5,4>Great ice cream! The flavor list is smallish (maybe 10-15 choices)but comprehensive...Even the "basics" chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry are superb...well balanced and creamy and quality ingredients...anything but dull. In fact, I think the strawberry is my fav, or maybe the coffee, which is also excellent . There are some flavors which you won't see anywhere else as well. As an aside, my ever hyper 10 year old was being his usual "inquisitive" self, and the proprietor actually invited him and his little sister behind the counter to see what was there, and I thought that was a really sweet gesture.  Love the location next to the library, canal, and gazebo, very charming...
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,5/11/2014,100,146,2,15,6>A Rochester institution and one of the best suits you'll own. The factory price is usually significantly discounted (40-50%) from their retail prices ($1,200-$1,800), then usually additionally marked down. I've gotten suits here for under $100 after all markdowns. Hickey suits are stylish but can also be conservative. They are very high quality and are perfect for business. I own seven or eight of their suits a handful are standard staple types and others are a bit more daring colorwise.I do lament the fact that they discontinued the warehouse sales in Rochester where the selection was even better than the factory store. Rochester folks had it very good and were able to score serious bargains.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,5/10/2014,26,245,,6,3>I had very nice experience at Zemeta.  First off, the service is excellent.  We had wanted to try a variety of dishes so the waitress/owner (I assume) put together a special plate with a mix of almost everything!  If/when I go back I have a better sense of what I'll like to order - but this mix plate is a great idea for those that want to experiment and share.  I found the service very accommodating and our waitress/owner was great overall. As for the actual food - I would probably give it about 3.5 stars or so.  Most of what I had was good and several items were flavorful but I was not amazed by anything specific. The lamb was pretty interesting and would probably get that next time. There were a couple beef items that were enhanced when eaten along with the bread (injera).  I would say if you like Indian food, you will likely be OK with Ethiopian food - there are several similarities between the two cuisines but some important divergences as well. Another huge positive for Zemeta is that it is BYOB!  That adds a lot of value for me at least :).   The atmosphere is very quaint and you will find it to be a "mom and pop' vibe.  It is quite small so likely appropriate if you are going with a handful of friends. I assume the weekdays (when I went) are less busy than the weekends.  The overall experience was great - I think you need to find the right dish that suits you and I find this to be a nice place to share a few items with friends.   Also its a great value - very reasonably priced for the volume of food provided.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2014,5/9/2014,113,212,5,8,6>I have to thank Em R. for introducing me to Acme Bar & Pizza. I have an unwavering, yet unfounded relationship with Jeremiah's Tavern, so it's hard for me to visit any other bar on Monroe Ave.  However, Acme Bar & Pizza was a pleasant surprise.First of all, their bottled beer selection sets them apart from other bars. They have an AMAZING selection that constantly rotates depending on the season. According to the bartender, they carry more porters and stouts during the winter and more IPAs during the warmer months. I tried Kona's Koko Brown coconut beer for the first time at Acme. I was also happy to see bottles of Flying Dog in the fridge.Secondly, their 2 for 1 happy hour is amazing. The amazing part is that it's available 7 days a week, between 5-7 pm, and includes well drinks, bottled and draft beers. Usually this ends up being $3 for a bottle of import/craft beer, quite the deal.Lastly, Acme's bar food is good. I was psyched about trying their Cajun tater tots, but they were somewhat underwhelming. They tasted average to me; pretty similar to the ones served at my hospital cafeteria. Maybe they went easy on the Cajun seasoning. I tried one of Em's wings and it was good, but I still prefer Jeremiah's.The pizza, on the other hand, is good and cheap. Thin sliced NY style pizza for $2, additional toppings for $0.50 extra, you'll be hard-pressed to find a cheaper slice of pie. In terms of quality, maybe a notch below Joe's Brooklyn Pizza, but that's not bad at all. I know my loyalties lie with Jeremiah's Tavern, but Acme's bottled beer selection, happy hour and pizza are tempting me to jump ship. Oh the treachery....
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,5/8/2014,16,83,2,6,4>I've had "four eyes" since fifth grade and have never experienced an optician like Tamra. She's the owner and the only employee I have interacted with at  One Hip Chic, and is among one of the most gracious individuals I have ever met!Originally I walked into One Hip Chic with the intention to peruse their spectacles (no appointment is necessary). She sells glasses from boutique designers from France, Italy, England, and the U.S. that you will most certainly not find in any other shop in Rochester.There are four metal chest of drawers that you are encouraged to search through independently. These are not your typical glasses, so don't expect to pay typical prices. Most glasses -- prepare yourself -- are priced between $450 - $800. Steep. However, if you're like me and wear glasses the majority of the time, then they are part of who you are -- your look. So, why, then, would you want a pair that dozens of others can be seen wearing?When Tamra was finished working with another customer she began asking me a few questions, I tried the several  groovy bright colored glasses on for her, that I had chosen independently. She liked them then pointed out a few considerations that I had NEVER thought of, then she had me try on a few pair that she thought best fit my face and lifestyle. KAZAM! Instant coolness! She wrote down the specs of my glasses and told me to give her a ring once I'd had my new prescription. I had thought that I might be moving into the dreaded multi-focus stage of life and had several questions about adjusting to the various lenses. She answered all my questions and soothed my ego by telling me that she, personally, wears bifocals and it has improved her life drastically.It took several months for me to see my eye doctor, yet when I returned to OHC, Tamra remembered the specifics of our conversation, even incidentals that really had nothing to do with my vision.I ultimately purchased two pairs of glasses. One is somewhat wireless; she polished the edges for free, which is typically not at other opticians.She has a two year scratch-free warranty, which I will never need -- seeing as I never fall asleep with my glasses on...or toss them in my bag without their case...or allow my fur babies to use them as a toy.I adore my glasses! A point to know is that One Hip Chic does not accept insurance, but will itemize your receipt for tax purposes.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,5/7/2014,37,59,,6,3>I've been to the South Wedge Diner several times and it never disappoints. Each time, I've gotten something different and each time I'm impressed. I'm a big brunch person and I enjoy finding new places to eat, but the South Wedge Diner is a great default. The prices are reasonable, the food is good, and the serving staff has always been friendly.This isn't the kind of place you go to for ambiance, but it's a diner so that's not what you should expect. And if you go at peak times, there can be a bit of a wait, but for the most part it's a good place overall.I recommend the Monte Cristo!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/6/2014,21,56,,7,4>If you would like a custom crafted beer and a large artisan handmade pretzel with large  windows overlooking the beautiful Erie Canal at Schoen Place visit Lock 32.  Schoen Place  restaurants will delivery food to your table at Lock 32 Brewing Company so nice! Schoen Place is a canal landing and shopping area located on the North side of the Erie Canal in Pittsford. It is home to several restaurants, a variety of retail stores
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/5/2014,114,582,5,7,3>Hail Mary full of Grace the Lord is with thee, blessed art thou among women and blessed is the fruit of thy womb pizza.....OK so I come from Sicilian stock, food loving Sicilians. We do pray and show thanks for great food. I've seen my uncles weep over perfect sauce. I did call the shop and tell him I love him. Enough about me, more about the pizza. It was hard to resist not eating it in the car but I happened to hit every green light, divine intervention perhaps. Perfect dough, perfectly cooked whether thin or thick.  Yes, I ordered both options. I love that the toppings and sauce went right to the edge. I love the tomato chunks, the flavor,  the seasoning. I swoon. I have not met a better pizza, certainly not in Rochester.  Thank you every yelper pal that sent me in this direction.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,1/23/2014,10,17,1,4,2>I'm going to make this sweet and short. This butcher shop is great!When I want good meat, I come here to get the best cuts of meat. Their staff are knowledgeable and go the extra mile to try and cater to my needs.Each time I've come here, I've made some weird/minor adjustments to my meat so it would be better suited to asian cuisine and they never complain. If anything they ask more what it's for and then the guys behind the counter try to do it as best they can.I hope this butcher shop can expand in the future not because i want them to be "bigger" but i hope their deli counter has more to offer.Some people go to the other butcher shops (I won't mention names) and they do a good job also, but I am one of those "first impressions good, I'll be your loyal customer" type of guy. With that said I first went to Triano's and said hey this place is awesome!Give them a try, and support your local businesses!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,1/22/2014,66,245,,5,5>Ever watch a movie that is set in a city and think "Wow, that city where they are filming looks sorta neat."? Well Cobbs Hill could be that park in that city. There is so much life there all the time. There are always walkers/runners circling the reservoir, people playing tennis, flag football, dodgeball, ultimate frisbee. You can sled there. Kids play on swing sets. People put motorized toy sail boats in the pond. Running groups convene there. Dog walkers and trail runners enjoy the trails through the wooded areas. In the late spring lilacs bloom there. Also, from the top of the hill you can get a great view of downtown.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,1/21/2014,62,103,3,8,4>For those searching for a bona fide Northeastern, Italian-American restaurant experience, complete with great food and some interesting local characters, Antonetta's is the place in Rochester. I'm told this is where the movers and shakers in the community have their power lunches. However, this isn't a fancy high-end restaurant in nice part of town. Located in an modest old house in a somewhat sketchy neighborhood, Antonetta's is definitely a throwback to another time. The decor consists of red and white checkered table clothes and worn wall paneling, covered with black and white photos of famous Italian-Americans. The waitresses are a bit feisty, and the menu is incredibly affordable (less than $7 for most entrees). Complimentary fresh bread and a basic iceberg lettuce salad topped with tomatoes and chickpeas were the perfect appetizer. I ordered the Chicken Parmesan with rigatoni pasta and was blown away by the dish's incredible flavor. I can't emphasize this enough... the sauce was amazing! I've heard for years about great Italian pasta sauce, and I think this is the sauce that everyone has been talking about! I'd ask for the recipe, but I'm sure if they gave it to me, they'd totally kill me.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,1/20/2014,99,96,1,7,4>Carbs glorious carrrbs! I have been here twice in the last week, and boy do I love me some fresh treats. Last timeI had one of the flaky apple turnovers, and a bite of my friend's butter croissant (so good with some jam!). Then again, for the second indulgent breakfast we got some pain au chocolat. Nothing beats a fresh pastry. I even got lucky enough to have them fresh out of the oven.Both times I also bought fresh bread, rustic italian and sourdough. I love the fact that they slice it up for you right then in there, instead of hacking it half-hazardly in your kitchen. Stays fresh if you keep it in the fridge, perfect for my panini press at home, or a delicious piece of toast in the morning. Yum, yum...I am a frequent flyer now. Like others say, the cash under 10 dollar rule still remains, or you can use your card if you want to spend more.I have yet to try their cupcakes, cheesecakes, other danishes, pies and large cakes. They have beautiful gourmet cakes for about $15, a total steal. Promote your local business, and you won't be disappointed! They have coffee, but I might buy a pastry here next week and then pop into boulder next door for a latté.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,1/19/2014,143,49,,4,2>Bamboo House is the place to be for Chinese Food. When I go to this place I usually ask the waiter to surprise me with something good and I never get disappointed.If you want to go share dishes with your friends in a clean and modern Chinese restaurant, I suggest to give bamboo house a shot. I did years ago and didn't get disappointed at all.My Suggestion is to try a dish that you never had and you will be surprised on how good Chinese food can taste.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,1/18/2014,0,1,2,4,2>Awesome dinner all around!  We started with salads which were interesting and really fresh.  The kale salad was the best I've had with great homemade croutons and lots of shaved parmesan.  My husband and I decided to share this and they happily brought it out on two plates, each beautifully plated.  We had the gnocchi, a skate and  rappi special and the cavatelli.  My cavatelli was loaded with perfectly sautéed mushrooms and topped with ricotta and the most delicious egg I've ever had.  All these flavors melded into the perfect winter dish.  The bread and wine list were excellent  and the service was great.   I've heard great things about the pizza so I can't wait to go back and give that a try as well.  We'll definitely return here soon.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,1/17/2014,13,48,5,6,4>Wow! I just had the best bowl of clam chowder... ok two bowls (lol) I'm still a growing boy!  Big chunks of clam, leaks, potatoes....omg it was crazy.  My tip don't get the crackers opt for the hard roll. SOOOOOOO GOOD!  They run out of seats kinda quick and the soup is only served on Fridays.  Not telling you to get there early just informing you of the rush.  This must be a new recipe because I have had this chowder before, but this time wow... just wow!  Oh and the chili there is still the best I have tasted, but Fridays belong to the "Chowder" lol. Enjoy. I would post a picture but I'm staring at an empty bowl. Get your own.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,1/16/2014,16,11,4,6,4>I have been going to Jamie for 4 years now, this is THE BEST nail studio. I refuse to go anywhere else even on travel. Jamie is a perfectionist and my nails are always looking outstanding. I receive compliments daily. I have always felt like the most important customer and I have never felt neglected even on their days off! Not only are the services top of the line, everyone has their own bag with their own supplies, doesn't get any more hygienic than that! Everyone is so nice, friendly and accommodating here. I highly recommend any of their multitude of services. It's always so comforting to go get my nails done, and they have the MOST fashion forward styles and nail designs. The French is impeccable here along with any sort of creation that you might have in mind! They strive to do just about anything to make sure that you are happy. I have had some crazy requests in the past, never once was I denied. Jamie made my wildest ideas come to life on my nails and I couldn't be more thankful. Not only are you getting a beauty studio here, you're getting A group of people that actually care about you and your well being. Im a sophisticated girl for life with movie star nails thanks to Jamie :)
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,1/15/2014,60,62,4,8,6>Voula's is my favorite Saturday morning brunch in the city.  The staff is absolutely wonderful and they do everything they can to make their customers happy in what feels like it could be your grandmother's kitchen.  We're always warmly welcomed by Voula and her adorable, attentive, and hilarious staff. Voula's offers an awesome selection of all vegetarian options that are well balanced, healthy, and delicious.  I love the Monevasia Plate because it's a portion that I can actually manage to finish on my own, but if you're feeling really hungry, go for the Gythio Plate.  They are really great about substitutions and personalizing orders to meet dietary needs, and I have never had a meal I wasn't happy with.And the sweets!  Holy Goodness.  When you walk in, you'll see a beautiful display of handmade deliciousness made by Voula herself.  I just wanna die.  SO DELICIOUS.  Between the homey environment, the awesome food, and the great service, Voula has us coming back week after week.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,1/14/2014,59,211,,7,4>I've been searching for a Puerto Rican restaurant for a while. It's not that there are no Puerto Rican restaurants in Rochester, it's just that I am very picky about where to eat this food since I can cook most of it, and my mom is a great cook too, so I am spoiled.Tropical Delight hits some of the spots.First the location:it is located near the Public Market on one of the side streets near Goodman (Hayward). The place is like many places in the area, an old storage/specialty markets building. This place is still a market that specializes on Caribbean items, like tropical fruits and vegetables, and canned goods and seasonings. Some of the items looked great, while others looked a bit pass their prime. On the side they have a dining area.The owner is planning to expand the dining area and move the market to a separate room, this will greatly improve the flow. Not that I really minded the place, it has a feel of neighborhood market/restaurant that I miss from living in PR. The place is clean, but it is an old building, so it feels a bit tatty, but once again I felt it was more ambiance that bad.Second the service:The owner and the chef  were very friendly and helpful, and extremely accommodating to us. She got us a table and the chef pre-made some items we requested. I felt very welcomed in the place.Third the food:They serve the food cafeteria style, with items on hot plates and a few things made to order (like the mofongo). This is typical of casual food places in the Caribbean, so don't be too surprised. Some items were excellent, like the ribs and roast chicken, tender and well cooked, with great flavors. The rice and beans looked good ( I didn't have them, but my lunch companions loved them) The frituras (fritters) were not greasy nor soggy, even though they were not freshly made. They also had a lot of stuffing! I hate biting on an empanada that only has a teaspoon of meat and a ton of pastry. I tasted their plantain soup and it was out of this world good. Next time I will get that!Some items were OK, the chicken empanada was a bit dry, the yuca needed a bit more mojo, and the mofongo was too light on the garlic for me, and bit too dense (but I am a garlic fiend)One item was not good at all, it was the seafood dish (mariscada). The dish had been sitting on the hot plate for a while and seafood really doesn't do well in those circumstances (it gets too rubbery) I would recommend they make an "ensalada de mariscos"  Since that keeps well at cold temperatures, and doesn't need to be reheated.Overall, I liked the place, it's very convenient for lunch if you work downtown, and the people make the place better. I will check out their FB page to see their specials (they change their offerings, and sometimes have jibarito sandwiches), and grab something that looks good, like when they make that plantain soup again!I would give this place 3.5 stars, but since they were so nice, they get four
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,7/27/2013,84,227,,14,7>During a fine evening out for some trivia at ROC Brewing, Paul Vroman from Brick N Motor told me about a restaurant that was just about to open in Irondequoit he promised would be making not only high level baked goods but also serving prix fixe menu dinners to a small dining room. Atlas Eats is trying to bring back that small neighborhood store/restaurant feel and based on our experience on opening night last Friday they succeeded beautifully. The first iteration of the fixed dinner menu (rotating every two weeks) was Italian and I made a reservation for their first service.The restaurant itself is small with a total of 14 seats and very comfortable feeling with plenty of character including simple decor along with some classic moulding around the ceiling. Nothing particularly fancy but it felt right for the style they were going for even with the white tablecloth settings. The service and the pace of the meal were very relaxed while still being prompt with refills of water and offerings of other drinks and clear explanations of each course.We showed up a touch before dinner service began and investigated their baked good selections and since we were a bit famished we had one of their multi berry hand pies prior to our meal. The crust was tender and flaky and the fruit filling was sweet and tart and the seasonal fruit really popped.The meal started just a touch after the scheduled 6pm time with bread service that set the tone for the meal. The offerings included both home baked baguette and 13 grain bread served with roasted garlic olive oil. Both breads were well baked but the star of the show was the 13 grain bread that was nicely dense with a touch of sourness and good roasted flavor from the oats on the outer crust. This got us ready for the first appetizer course of homemade ricotta with ciabatta crisps.The ricotta was clean and fresh and the crisps were strongly seasoned and very crunchy. Maybe a touch thick for the application since they ended up feeling a touch stale in the center and a bit too hard on the outside, but we still enjoyed the combination of flavors when eaten with the well dressed young mustard greens a great deal. The only minor quibble other than the bread texture was the use of truffle oil but I think my fiancee is a bit sensitive to the chemically flavor that comes along with it.Our second course was the sauteed greens and white bean puree which was simply plated and straightforward. The arugula and endive were wilted but still had plenty of texture to balance the mostly smooth bean puree. Bitterness from the greens and the smoothness of the puree meshed well and everything was seasoned well salt wise.Cavatelli served in parmesan brodo with rendered capicola was the third course and my favorite of the evening. Inspired by the Buffalo classic Royal sub which traditionally has Italian sausage and capicola, the pasta was made with ricotta and provolone cheese and had a texture between gnocchi and regular pasta that I loved. Combined with the parmesan broth and capicola bits and oil the dish was a salty umami bomb with just a hint of spiciness and I was sad when my bowl was emptied. Loved every bite!Cod with a mayonnaise rub was the fish course served along with roasted cherry tomatoes, onions and mushrooms that made what they called a "marinara". The fish was flaky and very tender and the mayonnaise rub helped to achieve some very pleasant browning on both sides of the filet. The roasted marinara added some more dark flavors and acidity to round the dish out.Our dessert was chocolate gelato that had Ghirardelli chocolate chips and roasted almonds along with wine soaked cherries, whipped cream and a pizzelle made in house. The gelato was served at proper temperature and had a medium chocolate level with plenty of texture with the crunchy chips and nuts. The cherries and sauce balanced the rich flavors with some brightness and were my favorite part of the dessert. Anise was the dominant flavor of the pizzelle and was better than most I've had in the past. Very fresh and crunchy and had a bunch of that waffle taste that worked well when crunched up with everything else.This was a solid meal from start to finish and a great kickoff to what I hope becomes not only a neighborhood fixture, but also a great place for the Rochester area to celebrate a creative concept and people who really care about giving their diners an experience worth coming back for. I'm definitely looking forward to trying more of their fixed menus and the breakfast/lunch options in the future and highly recommend giving Atlas Eats a try!For pictures and comments please see my review at Food About Town!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,7/26/2013,67,135,6,6,3>The food was so good, my head was literally spinning by the time I was done with my meal.  And I use the term "literally," well, literally.  It was pricey, though -- $60 for two with only one drink between us.Atmosphere:  I was expecting a tavern -- burgers, meatloaf, maybe some really meaty stew.  Tavern58 has none of these things, but what it does have is a fine dining experience.  Music is Sirius's coffee shop station (jazz version of When You're Strange, anyone?  lovely!).As for the food...Chicken chipotle some-kind-of-bean soup -- delectable, with just the right amount of spice.   Small enough that one person could eat it, but large enough that two can comfortably share it.Bread -- warm rolls.  Nothing special.  The spread of toppings was a little disappointing.Bison burger -- (Mike ordered this) like a burger without the grease.  One of the best burgers he's ever had.  Get it medium rare, or don't get it at all.  I took one bite and said "meh."  But that was because I'd already dived into...Steak medallions over asparagus and potatoes with crab sauce -- oh my God, it was the most delicious thing I've ever had in my entire life.  I can't even begin to describe the deliciousness.  Melt-in-your-mouth buttery happiness with a side of double rainbow.  The server said it's the most popular dish for women, she thinks because it's the right size (not so small you'll feel gypped, but definitely not a large portion). So why the four stars?  One of my two medallions was thinner than the other and overdone.  Ate every bite, though.  Just maybe 4th heaven instead of 7th.  But I shall be back, and Tavern58 will have an opportunity to redeem itself!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,7/25/2013,9,24,,7,4>I was getting Soup at Nathan's, when I saw someone carrying this little bowl of something that looked delicious. Naturally, I had to know. That's how I discovered this little gem of a place. about 15 feet down the road from Nathan's. That little bowl was a Frozen Banana soft serve, which I promptly got myself when I got to the place. Apparently, this used to be a cart at the Brighton Farmers Market.It's a little dining-house-kitchen on Park Ave, that serves various healthy juices, and what seems like an appetizing selection of smoothies as well, and of course, the aforementioned frozen banana soft serve. I haven't tried any of the other items yet, but I am one of those reviewers who gives a healthy rating based on a single item, especially if that single item is good in itself to return. This thing comes with a wide selection of toppings, and I helped myself to some pineapples and strawberries. I look forward to returning and sampling some of the smoothies next time !
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,7/24/2013,32,28,2,5,3>It is very good! I always bring out of towners here to enjoy the BBQ. It has quick service and great food!It may be weird when you walk in. The menu is on the wall and you have to order at the register at the end of the bar. It can be confusing to first time visitors. After you order grab a seat and wait for your name to be called. Then enjoy!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,7/23/2013,26,245,,1,2>I give this a solid 4 stars based on both the pizza and the bar area.  Service has always been good and the pizza has been above average - although I do tend to like thin crust pizza and give most places that serve it the benefit of the doubt!  I also think the value is pretty good considering they provide salad and bread sticks as an included appetizer. The beer selection is very good as is the happy hour.  I like the bar area - very chill and I find it a great place to grab a beer.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,7/22/2013,134,403,,6,2>Yay! Solera is a gem. Beautiful chandelier. High ceilings. Rich red on the walls. Not much seating, but that's part of the charm. However, if you are in a party larger than 4, there are only 2 places for you to sit in there.Wine list by the glass is small (7-8 choices) but cover all the bases- white, red, dessert, sparkling, and rose. Glasses are around $6-8. There is a more expansive bottle list. For food, they have an olive oil flight $7, charcuterie AKA prepared meats ("That's charcuterie? I've been avoiding that on menus for years! They're killing themselves with that name.") $10 and a cheese plate $10. When I was there, they only had one bartender (no table service) but he was busting some ass to make it happen. I loved that I went on a Friday when bars and clubs when overflowing... Solera was full but wasn't slammed. I loved being able to sit, talk and drink good wine!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,7/21/2013,0,5,,2,2>This place is awesome!! Okay, okay, so the food might not be the greatest (small menu and few choices for vegetarians), but they hit the nail on the head with everything else! I suggest that you start in the tasting room; it's only $2 for a flight! Once you decide which beer is for you (they are all good), go upstairs to the bar/restaurant.  They have a large indoor seating area and bar, which was beautifully crafted and tastefully decorated (exposed beams, woodwork, large windows behind bar that overlook brewery, etc.) . They also have two outdoor seating areas: a covered deck and a rooftop patio, both of which have amazing views of High Falls. This is a great place to have a few drinks, some pretzels (really good!), and take in the views. When you are done drinking/eating, go back downstairs to the museum/gift shop. They do a great job showcasing the history of the brewery, and they have a lot of cool nostalgia to look at. Oh, and make sure you go in the giant beer can in the corner....it's a photo booth! Remember....SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL BREWERY!!!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,7/20/2013,21,42,11,5,4>AAAHHHH! I can't get enough of this place.  Breakfast here is SO good.  Where do these people get off creating THE BEST BREAKFAST SANDWICHES I HAVE EVER HAD!?!?  Oh sure, I'll try a combination of pancetta, goat cheese, arugula and basil.  Yeah, why not have brie this early in the morning?  And then, I can sit there, drink my coffee and read The New Yorker (ok, I don't actually read The New Yorker, but if I did, I would do it here), while watching the good ([cough] rich) people of Pittsford filter in and out.  Oh wait, THERE'S A BAKERY TOO?!  "What the hell is this weird cookie looking thing?  [eats]  HOW DOES THIS TASTE SO GOOD?" - me reacting to their macarons.  Get the salted caramel, vanilla bean and pistachio: the best.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,7/19/2013,15,12,2,4,2>AMAZING! This is the cutest little cupcake shop I've ever been inside.  The owners are extremely friendly and treat you like you're family. I especially love the atmosphere. Since they share the space with La-Tea-Dah tea parlor, the place is quaint and charming with adorable tea cups and doilies and quirky figurines adorning the walls and tables. There's even a dress-up section complete with hats and scarfs and other assorted costumes to feel like you're in Alice in Wonderland. The food is delicious and the cupcakes are delectable. Extremely moist and always fresh.  Overall, a great experience. I go every chance I get whenever I'm in the mood to be silly and eat gregarious amounts of sugar. :D Definitely recommend this to kids and adults alike.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,7/18/2013,118,100,1,5,2>Super Super Super impressed with this place! I have been waiting to try it for a while and finally went with my cousin.  I was doing the whole  no carb thing so i didn't get to indulge in the pizza, but i will be back for it.  I got the greens and beans with meat balls.  It was great! The greens were cooked perfectly.  I hate when they are soggy, but they were perfectly cook and still crispy.  I think next time i will skip the meat ball part.  I asked if the meat balls had sauces on them and the waitress said they did not, which is how i wanted it, but when i got my plate they did have sauce which was a bit odd with the greens mixture, but it was still very good! My cousin go the pizza and it looked delicious.  Everything on the menu sounded amazing.  I saw the table next to me get a sandwich that was huge! The wine selection is pretty good to and very reasonably priced.  It's nice to have something like this on the west side.  i will definitely be going back the next chance i get!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/8/2013,38,46,,2,2>Great place to go with friends and have good conversation.  BOGO on Fridays can NOT be beat!  Delicious wine selections!!!  Awesome staff and friendly guests all around.  Looking forward to my next visit
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,5/7/2013,2,20,,1,2>Just tried this place out for lunch yesterday and it was delightful!  Had a blackbean artichoke panini, which came with a lovely side salad (a substitution they made at my request, normally it's pasta salad) and fruit.  Everything was delicious, it was super cute and sunny inside, and the service was really friendly.  Hope they stick around!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,5/6/2013,58,204,4,6,2>We've been a couple times now, I have no reason to keep from a full 5 star rating. Our waiter has been the same guy both times, we tend to have lunch after the rush so maybe he's the guy that sticks around. He recognized us our second visit, and the visits were about a month apart from each other so either they're really slow or he's good with faces. Of course, I've got bright red hair and we have had our little red head 2 year old in tow as well, we do kinda stand out... in a good way, right? riiiight.The service is exactly how I like it, the food... oh... the food. Of course that's why you come to a restaurant, for food. My most recent visit involved their special of the day, a smoked salmon BLT. It was soooo weird. In such a good way. As with, I suspect, all things on their menu, if you aren't a fan of smoked salmon and BLT's, you probably would find this odd. I loved it, but I didn't bother offering to share a bite because I knew my husband would probably not enjoy it as much as each bite should be savored. So I kept it all to myself, for the sake of the savoring. Also, their mint chocolate chip crème brûlée was delightful. The creme was actually mint and the chips were also dispersed throughout. Definite fan of this twist on my traditional favorite (the crème brûlée, not the mint chocolate chip).
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,5/5/2013,54,98,1,8,4>We just moved to Rochester and were desperately missing all the wonderful and various ethic flavors the restaurants in our native Portland, Oregon provided. I needed some Ethiopian. I needed it real bad. And I found it.  And thank the heavens, it was good. The two of us shared the Meda Special Combo for two. It was only 17.99! A natural skeptic about any ethnic restaurant competing with my previous foodie experience, when the food came out quickly I was worried (in my past, Ethiopian restaurants can take up to an hour to serve). The various dishes were served beautifully on a large shared plate of injera. The injera (large spongy bread shaped like a pancake used along with fingers as your silverware and all-important vehicle to soak up the saucy flavors) was perfect and ample.The flavors were spot on. I loved every bite. It was affordable, the service was attentive... We will be back.  It did not get five stars because even thought the flavors were awesome and got me my Ethiopian fix, it was simply not spicy enough. I like my Ethiopian to punch me in the face. This was more like a head tap. But definitively worth anyone's time.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,5/4/2013,145,407,9,7,5>Slow down or you'll drive past BC" the screen door of which transports you back in time, to grandma's back porch, which lead into her kitchen, that special place where as a child, you fell in love with fried chicken. Yes, they have wings and BBQ rib slabs, but it's the fried chicken that you are here for. The foods are prepared when you order them at the counter, or when you call in for take out, so plan on waiting a couple of minutes for the food to be made. No meat sitting under heat lamps here, it is made when ordered.I recommend going there and waiting while you're order is made, and if possible dining there or within minutes of getting the chicken in order to enjoy it the maximum freshness. The battered layer was crispy and crunchy and not at all greasy. There was no oil flavor that you might find at other locations, which leads me to believe that there oil is kept clean and changed frequently. There were subtle flavorings of black pepper and a tiny hint of maybe onion or garlic, something that even after eating four pieces I could not exactly name, other than to say delicious. Under that addictive crispiness, the meat of the chicken was hot. Steaming hot. Hot, fall part when chew, evenly cooked hot succulence. Caution: Please note that if you, like me, begin eating out the bag as soon as you are on the sidewalk, you likely will, like me, place yourself in rather uncouth position of having a mouthful of delicious chicken, while simultaneously wanting to blurt "hot, hot, hot!" as the steamy chicken gives you a minor burn on the roof of your mouth, forcing you to try and chew quickly in order to swallow, while fighting the urge to chew slowly and enjoy the flavor, while burning your mouth. It is heavenly. One of owners was working the kitchen and counter. Service was very friendly and they were willing to make changes, offering to bake the chicken, or fry it batter-less if that would be preferred. I definitely like the flexibility of the menu, in that you can either forgo sides altogether and just order pieces of chicken in whatever number you want or you can add a few more pieces to whatever combo you've ordered.If you don't get one of few street parking spots, you can park just South of or behind the fire department station house and walk half a block. The place is almost hidden between a tavern and a shoe repair shop with a small sign. It is directly across the street from Scott funeral home.There are three small tables that can fit six, very closely. Dining in is an option but, the focus is on take out here. But to be fair, it is probably better to eat in, to enjoy that hot fresh goodness, or eat sitting in your car, rather than letting it cool down on the trip home. But in full disclosure, I bought extra to eat chilled the next day for lunch.Please be careful, because while, unlike using your phone while driving, eating chicken while driving is not per se illegal, it does distract you from fully enjoying the crunchy crust and steamy hot meat.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,5/3/2013,35,203,,2,2>Wow what an improvement since Golden Tans became Sun Tan City!  Very professional improvement. When I went last year as the former business, folks were not trained in how to complete customer transactions such as giving a copy of a contract to a customer.  Maria greeted me warmly and gave me suggestions and even saved me a little bit of money.  She took time to explain all the options and was friendly and polite.  Looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,5/2/2013,1,2,1,4,1>I got an awful haircut elsewhere and had to go to work with it. The next day I tried this place. I told garrel I think his name is, to make me look good. He did exactly that. 4 stars because I called for directions and a kid kept answering. And throughout the whole hair cut there were kids running and what seemed to be a friend of a barber talking so loud I couldn't chat with garrel. Still a great haircut at a good price. A little tough to find. Would be nice if they had a red and white candy cane barber sign out front.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2013,5/1/2013,16,58,,5,3>I love this place.  It's small and intimate, and the pho is delicious and filling.  It's definitely better than Mamasan's pho, and cheaper.  Two bowls of pho and a shared pot of tea rings up to under $14.  Plus the pho is ready super fast!  Love it, love it, love it.The service is average.  The staff isn't anything to write home about, but they aren't rude or offensive either.  As far as parking goes, there are some parking spots along side the building.  There's also a parking lot behind/to the side of it, between SEA and the smoke shop next door.  Just make sure to not park right along the building SEA is in, because you could get towed.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,4/30/2013,0,12,1,2,2>This delicious broth is therapeutic, I'm convinced of it!  Stopped in by myself for a quick dinner on a quiet Thursday evening and I was impressed.  I felt very welcomed by the person who greeted me and took my order.  He took the time to explain the items on the menu, and seemed genuinely interested in my impressions upon checking later to see how my meal was.  I opted for the noodle pho.  It was accompanied by add-ins: roasted garlic, bean sprouts, granulated sugar, lemon wedge, chopped scallions and cilantro.  I added the bean sprouts, scallions and cilantro, and Sriracha and soy sauce which are on each table.  The place has a comfortable and relaxing coffee-house ambiance.  It is a healthy alternative to fast-food.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,4/29/2013,30,41,,9,5>This review needs to be prefaced because I have a feeling many people will not agree with it.  I'm a foodie.  I love food.  And when I go to a restaurant to eat, I want a unique experience, or else I don't feel that I'm really getting my money's worth.  Many of the restaurants in Pittsford (and especially Schoen Place) suffer from being average and depressingly predictable in food quality but high in price.  The food at Label 7 is high quality and moderately priced.My companion and I ordered the Tasting Board (came free with a bottle of Cali Cabernet), Mac and Cheese, Chile Relleno and the French Market Poutine, all to share.  None of the dishes were extremely complicated, but all of them were perfectly done.  The Mac and Cheese came in a big soupish-kettle bowl topped with brown, crispy cheddar cheese.  The bowtie pasta was drenched in warm crème and gruyere cheese, which cleverly juxtaposed the crackling cheddar on top.  The roasted pablano pepper in the Chile Relleno dish was perfectly cooked--luscious, easy to cut, with mounds of dark, mild ranchera sauce and black beans that contrasted delectably with the spicy cheddar cheese stuffed inside it.   Last but not least, the brisket on the French Market Poutine would shame many of the local barbecue joints.  Delicately shredded and well apportioned with the chili, the brisket was the star of the show and combined well with the judicious cheese curds and generously apportioned frites.  At the end of the meal, I was pleasantly stuffed, and was all set for a much-needed food and wine nap.People who regularly read my reviews know that I'm big on a restaurant's décor, and I loved the simplicity and comfort of Label 7.   The place reminds me of a farm town restaurant, with its church pew, straw chairs, antique mirrors, large (but blank) chalk board and clunky wooden tables.  If you go in the warmer months, the outdoor patio area is surrounded by fairy lights, and the seating area is perfect for people and boat watching in what is one of the busier sections of the Erie Canal.  The bar itself is small, but the bar area contains numerous tables in a spacious and airy setting.  The service wasn't great, but all of the staff are really good-looking (which in my perspective makes up for any deficiencies). To sum it up, I loved the food.  I loved the atmosphere and décor.  There is very little, if anything, that I did not enjoy about Label 7.  This is easily my favorite casual restaurant in Pittsford.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,5/18/2013,13,7,,2,2>This is a great festival.  Unfortunately most people don't venture past the small corner of the park were the festival stage and vendors are and this leaves a bad impression of the thing.  The Park is actually quite large and best flowers are out past the borders of this area.  If you head northeast there is a whole hill of plants and more to the southeast of the festival area.  I agree however that the festival is very long at 10 days.  Parking does suck as the local residents do like to park near their houses or apartments and try to keep people out of their reserved lots and driveways.  I suggest you park at MCC and use the bus service to the park.  We usually just walk as we live two miles away.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,5/17/2013,43,22,,3,2>Awesome neighborhood dive bar oozing historic character, complete with unbridled personalities that make for interesting conversation as long as you're not the sensitive type.  Great menu with daily specials, but take note that the wings take longer than at most places because they do them well every time, which is not always made clear to hungry patrons.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/16/2013,9,24,,7,5>After reading all the other reviews, I was tempted to try this place out, and I am happy to say I was not disappointed. This place will surprise you. The place itself, right next to Park Bench pub, is nondescript from the outside, but has plenty of character inside. It's like a little dining room, and aesthetically very pleasing. The desserts on display definitely help. On my first visit here, I tried the vegan Baklava, and rice pudding, both of which were special. Encouraged, I returned for lunch the next day with a friend. We started off with the kafteri spread, served with delicious toasted Lagana wedges, which are like pitas, but way fresher. They are also sprinkled with the right amount of black pepper which ensures they are not bland. For lunch, my friend had the Stuffed pepper, which was stuffed with orzo, zucchini and other tasty things I cannot recollect. I myself had the Voula's sandwich, with the kafteri bread and absolutely loved it. It was a perfect lunch, and I look forward to returning here many more times. Voula herself is friendly and vibrant, and was happy to make recommendations and help us in our choices.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,5/15/2013,6,4,,3,2>It had an awesome atmosphere. Very dimly lit setting. An awesome beer selection that is constantly rotating, as the bartender explained to me. At the time I went, they only had a majority of Sierra Nevada beers on tap. They have a decent selection of choices on the menu. I chose the burger with cheese and bacon. The burger had that charred taste, not really my favorite but it was bearable to eat. My girlfriend chose the chicken wings with medium sauce, which were decent in flavor. While we were there, a group of sloppy individuals, who were obviously drunk, were being a bit ridiculous falling asleep in the corner, being obnoxious, etc. and the bartender told them they had to leave. I was pleased with that considering I went there expecting something better than the typical bar scene. I would highly recommend this spot to others.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,5/14/2013,26,25,,4,4>I think I am one of Joe beans most dedicated fans. There really is no place like in Rochester and it is one of the places I will miss the most when I move back to Connecticut. If you're looking for unique interesting delicious brewed coffee then Joe bean is the way to go. with various brewing methods like traditional pour over, sipohn, French press, or chemex, as well as traditional espresso drinks, you are sure to get your caffeine fix in a delicious unique way. They're also now serving  great wines and beers, cheese plates, baked goods, and croissants from: flour city Bread Company on the weekends. I always buy their beans to take home, but nothing beats spending the afternoon there.  The baristas are so dedicated to good coffee and very knowledgeable. My only complaint is that Often when I have brought new people who may be are not so coffee culture conscious, I have definitely noticed that they receive a sudden change in attitude from some of the baristas they ask for sugar with their coffee.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,5/13/2013,134,403,5,6,8>Dangz, Village B&C, you're all hip and stuff. Look at you and your tall ceilings and industrial feel.I came here because Jen T frequently gushes about the amazingness of this place. She's right. I got the Lilly ($5.95)- biscuit, egg, brie, pancetta. Absolutely delicious. Really filling too! My sis got the Alex ($6.95)- multi grain, pesto, goat cheese, egg, and argula. The pesto was a little weird.. it tasted like it was only basil and olive oil... no parmesan/pine nuts. Even with a little bit of weird pesto, it was still a tasty sandwich.I did a macaroon too (why the EFF not) for $1.50. Salted caramel. D. Lish.I found the seating to be a little nice and annoying at the same time. It was annoying because there wasn't enough of it and you had to sit NYC style at the same big table with people you don't know. It was nice because a lady next to me was really sweet and we gabbed a bit.See you soon, VB&C.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,5/12/2013,0,1,,3,3>Why am I so enamored with Harry G's? I just went there last night for a quick bite to eat and was utterly and pleasantly surprised with everything! Being there on a Friday night, I was expecting it to be a sort of elbow-to-elbow atmosphere and to my surprise, it wasn't!  The decor is suggestive of a New York City delicatessen. (If you sit on the side where the brick wall is, there's chalk on the table to write your name!) I loved it.I decided to order the award-winning Pittsburgh sandwich, and award-winning it was! They give you the option of having a half or a whole portion of the sandwich and I went for the half (which was more than enough and only $5.75?!? SO reasonable). When it was brought to my table, I was hesitant because at first glance it looked like a lot of bread. After I had a couple bites of it, the bread was necessary. The bread was there to soak up all of the delicious juice coming from the sandwich. The flavor that Harry G's put in this BIG piece of heaven in Rochester, NY was really unbelievable. Why did it have so much flavor? And why have I never had a sandwich like this in my life? The fries were seasoned perfect and I'm not a huge coleslaw eater but that was great as well. The steak that was on there was cooked to perfection. I eat steak maybe once or twice a year, but I could eat this every day. The mayo and the oil on the sandwich just enhanced the flavors that much more. I cannot wait to go back and try something different, I'm sure I won't be disappointed!The only downfall to the location is the parking situation. The car was parked a good 10 minute walk away from the place, but that's not an abnormality in Rochester. A little walk never hurt anybody though, right? I'm so happy I stumbled upon this place. I can't wait to go back! See you soon, Harry G's!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,5/11/2013,27,182,,2,1>Best frozen yogurt in the 585.  Worth every minute of the drive out from the city.  Yeah, its out in suburbia and in a strip mall, but it's so amazing.  The quality of the frozen yogurt is so much smoother than anywhere else I've been around here, bar none.  Haven't had much better frozen yogurt elsewhere either.  The toppings are great and their rewards program is even better... I frequently get texts for a free 3 ounces of frozen yogurt which is awesome.  The real highlight is the health benefits they list... sorry to burst anyone's bubble but I'm pretty sure that frozen yogurt does not unclog arteries.  Its such an ideal place to spend a summer evening.  Yolickity is the best!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,5/10/2013,118,100,3,5,3>Balsam is awesome!  I hear people say we don't have great bagel places in Rochester, but Balsam is the real deal!   Their bagels are the perfect blend of crunchy of chewy/doughy bagel goodness! I hate eaten g bagel that is like eating  a loaf of bread, but that is not the case here.  Their bagels are by far the best I have had in rochester. The service is always great. Staff is super friendly and the food is delish! The only reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars is because they use the "fake" egg when making egg sammies! Don't get me wrong I will still devour their egg sammies, but I just wish they would use a real egg and cook it there instead of taking that "egg patty" out of the warmer.  That little con aside, they have some different bagel flavors like the jalapeno and salsa bagel, Delish.  Of course i can' stray from my fav, an everything bagel and veggie cream cheese.  I was so excited when i saw a coupon in my entertainment book for half off 2 dozen bagels.  I bought 2 dozen for St. Pats day breakfast and froze some, they are still delicious! Go there now!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,5/9/2013,131,324,1,3,3>This review is solely for the Ellison Park Disc Golf Course. I'm an avid disc golfer and I like to pretend that I'm semi-professional even though I'm really not all that good. Being a self appointed semi-professional means that my opinions on disc golf courses truly matters. It is because of this that you should believe me when I tell you that Ellison Park is a great disc golf course. Unfortunately it isn't exclusively a disc golf course so you have to watch out for walkers, dogs, and picnics around some holes. No matter how many times people throw discs you will still always have those who set up shop in the middle of a fairway or two.Aside from pedestrians, this course has a fun layout with various uphill and downhill shots. A selling point of the course is a 500+ foot downhill par 3. When I say downhill I literally mean that you are throwing off a steep decline. Even beginners will be able to have their longest throw ever on this hole which makes things exciting. The sprawling hills offer some great terrain, but unfortunately it means you also need to climb up gigantic hills. Make sure to bring water because this park is large and the course follows a large portion of it. There is a solid mix of wide open holes and ones laden with giant pine trees and tight fairways. Ellison Park is a perfect course for beginners and experts alike because of this combination.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,9/21/2014,18,29,2,6,4>Top notch. So glad we found this little gem in gates. Started with a sunonomo. Which is usually a piece of shrimp, octopus, salmon and crab. Also with some cucumber and rice vinager.Pork ramen bowl was delicious.My gf got the salmon bento box. So good.Miso soup was good. Nothing special. The ginger dressing tho tasted fresh and homemade.All in all everything was spot on and I love to support local owners
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2014,9/20/2014,0,4,3,2,2>Just went for Sunday brunch and it was great!  There was hardy anybody there, so no wait (like there is with Jines on Park Ave)  - they are now doing a delicious Sunday brunch special for $10 that includes one of three breakfast items and a bloody mary.  I had the smoked salmon on toast with poached eggs and a thyme hollandaise sauce over the top
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/19/2014,13,2,1,3,1>Always a great opportunity to expand my knowledge and appreciation of coffee from all over the world. Every time I come to fuego there are a variety of coffees from all over the world that allow you to appreciate the coffee for what it is. Without ever having to ask, I am provided the origin of the bean, it's process and even which brew method I should try, to bring out a particular flavor profile. It's my regular place to run into familiar faces and carry on the best of conversations. I consider fuego to be one of the many reasons I love rochester. Honestly without fuego, I don't know If I would have ever began to love coffee the way I do today! Bravo Renee and Tony!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,9/18/2014,2,27,1,4,5>The Bayside! Nice views and good food. The fish sandwich is delightful and the bay burger is a great deal. Two huge 1/3 pounders with pieces of bacon, this burger is awesome. Curly fries were nice and crispy and their meat hot sauce is scratch made, so good! Cheap prices, lunch for two at thirty bucks after tip and everything and you can't beat that when you're sitting on the water!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,9/17/2014,144,79,7,9,9>Have you watched the Friends episode, The One With All the Cheesecakes? (Basically, Chandler and Rachel are pretty much obsessed with this cheesecake from Mama's Little Bakery.)If I had to imagine what that cheesecake tasted like, it would be one from Cheesy Eddies. I find most cheesecakes too rich and can only take a few bites, but wow, the original cheesecake from this place is AMAZING. There's not really a crust (which I like) and you just can't stop taking bites out of it. I also got some of their cupcakes and some of them even had a cheesecake filling. SO GOOD! I know many people rave about the carrot cake, even little kids, so even though I run away from anything with vegetables, I gave it a try. While I won't be ordering another carrot cupcake any time soon, it wasn't too bad. The cupcakes are super moist and the frosting is perfect and not too sweet. I actually prefer these cupcakes over Sprinkles back in CA. I'll be back to try those cookies and other kinds of cheesecake!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,9/16/2014,58,204,2,8,6>The ice cream is delicious, creamy and well flavored. On our first visit, i tried a two different flavors and they were both so good. I can't quite say it's the best I've ever had because all ice cream is delicious to me, but this is definitely worth the $4 (I think it's $4 for the first scoop and $1 for extra). On our return trip I opted for a piece of hazelnut gateau out of the case (all items out of the dessert case are $4). Phenomenal. Best thing I've ever had. It was too amazing to share but too rich to finish alone. After that, subsequent visits have been for a scoop of Blue Moo (which is overly sweet cotton candy ice cream with colorful sprinkles mixed in and my son's favorite thing ever) and a treat or two out of the dessert case. My husband and I always start off with "let's just get one and share" but can't ever decide on just one so we share two. Key lime tart, tiramisu, something lemony, a raspberry thing, a couple chocolate concoctions... they have all been fantastic.  The interior is set up to function as an ice cream cafe as well as a small dairy store. Fresh milk products (available in glass bottles) and a few random groceries can be purchased at one counter, and the real goodies along with coffee and lunch items are sold at another. Friendly and efficient staff man both counters with smiles and patience, even for the indecisive customers.Tables are plentiful inside, but it can get very loud when busy. The outdoor patio tends to be full, but we have never not gotten a spot. The afternoon sun hits the patio right on with just a bit of sheltering shade from the over hanging roof. Both seating options surpass many other ice cream shops I've been to, with the insides too cramped and loud from the refrigeration and the patios an after thought. Pittsford Dairy is set up so you can enjoy your treats leisurely, be it inside next to the large windows or out on the patio situated away from the noisy street and with a view of what I'm guessing is a former cow pasture (the lack of smell suggests it is no longer operational). Be sure to visit with a sharing friend, so you don't have to decide on just one ridiculously delicious sugar rush.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,9/15/2014,60,71,4,8,6>Lovin cup is a great spot to meet some friends out for dinner/ drinks. I love that they have live entertainment. The band that was playing last night was really good!!! The food was excellent! I had the me and mr. Jones wrap and it was sooo good! Came with a fresh, crunchy deli pickle (my faves) and delicious French fries, tastefully seasoned. Manny, as always... Ordered a garbage plate and the meat sauce was delicious, and awesome Mac salad!! Our server was awesome! He was so in the know and really cool guy to talk to! Drinks were a little weak, so I switched over to cider. They were out of a lot of selections unfortunately. We will be back though!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,9/14/2014,14,43,,2,3>This place is a contender for one of the best pizza/wing places in Rochester.  Every time I have order pizza and wings from here I've been very happy with their product.  The wings are cooked crispy and delicious and not over sauced.  Their blue cheese is fresh and tasty.  Their pizza's are cooked well and the again..not over sauced or over cheesy.  Way better than any of the chain places around.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,9/13/2014,31,25,,2,3>I have been to the village bakery in pittsford over a dozen times and a couple times at trata but lll write for trata since I live closer. Their ice drip coffee is amazing and us the perfect start to anyone's weekend. I highly recommend the toast tasting to share bc it gives you a chance to sample their amazing, fresh baked loaves. I also recommend the Lucy or Mac breakfast sandwich - all are made from scratch, the eggs aren't greasy at all, and the rest of the ingredients are local and fresh I gave it a try for lunch today and the BALT (w/ turkey) sandwich was hands down one of the best sandwiches I've had in a while. Perfectly toasted bread, crisp bacon, nice portion of turkey, and avocado tied everything together. Loved it! Only reason it gets 4 stars was because I did once order the farm salad there, and it just seemed thrown together and a little old. I'll stick to bread at the bakery!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,9/12/2014,118,100,,10,6>This place is the best sushi in Rochester.  not only is it the best tasting sushi, but it has the best options.  I read reviews and saw that the service is very slow in there, which I was expecting, but honestly, i went in with a party of 12 and the service was pretty good.  No matter where you go when you have sushi you are going to wait.  they are making everything to order.  a few rolls that were my fav were the volcano roll, the fantastic roll, the spicy and spicy and there was one that was heart shaped.  I think it was called the red hot lover? It was delicious. We also order the mango chicken, well my mom did and it was very good! I can't wait to go back with a smaller group or even just my boyfriend and I to taste even more! An added bonus, the drinks are super reasonable!!!!
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,3/8/2013,134,403,5,8,5>This place is a precious addition to South Wedge. We came here to check it out and maybe have a sample or two and left with almost a pound of three different cheeses. The cheeses here are fantastic and the customer service is even better. The lady who helped us didn't pressure or make us feel like we were wasting time. The cheese comes priced by the 1/4 lb. It ranges from $3.25-$10. We purchased:-Hartsfield washed with Ommegang Ale- delicious!-Smoked Gouda-Bleu cheese aged in a cave and then wrapped in grape leaves (this cheese has a more interesting life than I do!)They also have mozzarella, cheddars, etc as well as sausages and little jams/spreads, I was impressed with this place more than any other cheese shop I've been to based on their fantastic cheeses and wonderful customer service. It's a great place to stop in and get fun cheeses to bring over for a dinner party or for a wine and cheese night. Highly recommend!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/7/2013,0,5,3,3,3>My first visito to Primos. Excellent service by Sue, who also cooked my meal. The Pot Roast Hash (pictured) was nicely plated and delicious. Large, tender chunks of flavorful pot roast atop a pile of crispy outside, soft inside, and not over-salted homefries. Garnished with grated cheddar, and all of that nesting two perfectly poached eggs, and an English muffin (also perfectly toasted and buttered). I added black pepper and a splash of Frank's hot sauce to the eggs, a touch of salt for the eggs and potatoes, then didn't need a single thing the rest of the meal. Sue and her husband, who helps with dishwashing, were friendly with me, and especially so with their regulars. Sue gave me their first-timer's 10% discount, a welcoming touch. I also appreciated them being open early (6 a.m. on the Sunday I visited).Primos has been open a year, and did a great job remodeling. Sue's husband mentioned that they sell ice cream outside, and that his brother-in-law runs their outdoor grill when they're not snowbound...
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,3/6/2013,2,12,,5,1>I went for lunch, and I expected them to have their B team out to placate businessmen in a hurry. I was completely mistaken. My wife and I sat at the sushi bar.The service was attentive, but not hovering. I had a mixture of several different rolls as well as sushi, and they were all excellent, tied for best sushi I have had in Rochester. I watched them prepare my rolls skillfully, quickly, and clean. We were even given small julienne salads compliments of the chefs. Mine had cubes of many types of fish/seafood as well as vegetables, and my wife's had crab and vegetables. My wife had a kung pao chicken bento box, and enjoyed it.This was also some of the most affordable sushi i have ever had, and will now definitely be going back there instead of Wegman's for lunch if I want sushi.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/5/2013,76,266,2,5,4>If you need a South East Asian  or Chinese ingredient, this is your best spot in Rochester. Except for kaffir lime leaves - for those, you need to go to Lee's - which is also good for Korean ingredients.When you check out, the cashier will usually try to sell you some type of fruit or snack item. Unless you know that you are going to eat whatever it is in the next few days, give it a pass. They try this tactic harder with non Chinese and we got into a little stare down the last time the cashier tried that. It got a little ugly (not really. I just said no repeatedly and she never asked on my subsequent visits).Final tiny tiny nitpick - the bagging. They throw my greens (or other soft vegetable) in with heavy bottles and cans. Every time. Every freaking time. It doesn't matter if it is edible or easily bruised - their goal is to minimize the number of bags. So if you are anal about that, this place will drive you insane. Also if you have hangups about seeing live fish/crab/frogs all crammed into small tanks, this place is not for you either. Note that the parking lot is chockablock full of pot holes and usually little attention is paid to parking in the spots. Watch for deceptively deep puddles as you walk across the parking lot. I recommend parking in the area right in front of the store for the easiest journey from car to store.Asia Market recently expanded and they hadn't finished filling all the new space the last time I went. I am pretty excited to see what other items they will add to their stock.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,3/4/2013,100,146,,6,2>It all started 15 years ago when a new diner opened up around the corner from my house on Conklin Ave, in a location that had seen several diners come and go. Who knew years later that James Brown's Place would become a Rochester institution.JB's is simply the best diner in town. I'm not quite sure exactly why I love it. Part of it is the ambience, part of it is the people, JB himself will sit with you and talk to you while enjoying some of the delicious food that they serve up. All I know is that I 100 percent love the food. JB's is not just a greasy spoon, it's the greasy spoon. Whenever I go to diners out of town, it is JB's that I compare them to and none have lived up. The menu at JB's was largely developed by the previous head cook who is a certified chef, which is rare to find at any diner and the creativity in the menu shows that off. I have a few recommendations to people if you are going to JB's. If you want plain old pancakes, eggs and other mundane breakfast foods skip JB's. But if you want something that will make your mouth sing, have the Frantic Frittata with provolone. If you want something sweet and hearty, then have the French toast combo! If you are in the mood for fall deliciousness, have the pumpkin pancakes. Every weekend there is a different specials menu... order from there and you will not regret it.Be prepared to wait a bit on the weekend and be happy if you don't have to but for me it is always worth it!The only negative about this place is that because of it's small size, and the location of the cooking (right in front of you like diner hibachi), you may come out smelling like food.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,3/3/2013,77,355,,3,2>Obscure B-Movie Soundtracks, Minimal Wave, and stuff I never knew I had to have?  NeedleDrop is on point.  The South Wedge has desperately needed a good rekkid shop since Analog Shock left nearly a decade ago.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,3/2/2013,118,100,1,7,2>Holy mother of Mercy! This place is fantastic.  I saw that it opened about a month ago, but the parking situation is horrible, so I didn't stop.  Today I was driving to my office on lunch, saw an open spot right  in front, and stopped.  I am so happy I made that decision.  I walked in an immediately saw two big glass cases full of pastries that looked absolutely delicious!   They have a few chalk boards listing their soups, salad and sammies behind the register area as their menu.   Their Cafe Sandwich section  come with a side (chips or side of the day) and drink for $7.95.  Their selection wasn't that large, but I think that's a good thing.  It helps provide quick quality food for lunch breaks.  Or their regular sandwiches are $6.95.  I placed my order of the chicken pesto cafe sandwich.  I had a choice of getting it on focaccia , brioche roll or croissant , all of which are baked fresh in house.  I picked the brioche roll and the mac salad vs. the chips and pickle as my side.  While I was waiting for my order to go, I started chatting with the guy behind me to see if he has eaten here before.  His eyes open wide and he excitedly said, "yeah, it's awesome."  He works across the street; he and his co workers are regulars there.  He said he has yet to eat a bad meal or pastry from there.My order took a quick 5 to 7 mins to be ready, I grabbed the box (shocked at how heavy it was),  said bye to my new friend and back to the office I went.  It was hard for me not to open to box until I got to my desk.  It smelled amazing.   Once I did,Ii was staring at this gigantic, golden brioche roll with loaded with freshly grilled chicken, just the fight amount of pesto, a perfectly cook roasted pepper and just enough provy cheese. I was so excited I started showing everyone in my office. Since I was starving I dove right in and the sandwich tasted just as good as it looked.  When I cashed out,  I was a little bummed that I paid ~$9.00 after tax, but once I took my first bite, I realized how much it was worth it!  The mac salad was just as good, perfect parts of pasta, mayo, carrots and celery.  I hate when mac salad is tangy and loaded with mayo. Theirs is perfect.  I quickly started looking up their website and Facebook page, and there were plenty of pictures posted of food others have ordered.  I think next time I go back, I would order the curry chicken salad on a croissant, or the steak sandwich on focaccia!  The guy who I talked to said their pastries are amazing and he recommended the strawberry,whipped cream pastry over the eclairs that were staring at me in the face.  When I left the bakery, I noticed a family sitting in the corner that looked really familiar.  Then I realized it was the same family as the one I always see in Fina's Cafe on Mill Street in High Falls.  Apparently, Fina's older brother opened up this bakery and they have future plans to expand and have fresh pasta and fresh baked bread to purchase.  Great cooking definitely runs in this family, but I see some brother and sister friendly competition possibly happening:)The reason why this place only has 4 stars is because of the parking situation.  State Street is so busy, so street parking isn't ideal.  I know there isn't much the owners can do about that, but street parking is no bueno.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,3/1/2013,4,6,,5,3>I've been going to John's Tex-Mex for years and love it! The food is so good that I will still give them 5 stars in spite of the limited seating and average service. If you are looking for a great Tex-Mex meal, it's the place to be (note: it is not authentic Mexican). Their portions are large and full of garlic and spice. My two favorite items are the chicken burrito with salsa, cheese, spinach, and hot-peppers (you can pick 4 fillers), and the chicken quesadilla. I hear the beef is just so-so in flavor so stick with the chicken if you are on the fence. Great vegetarian options too and not expensive at all.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,2/28/2013,4,22,,6,3>L&M Lanes is probably one of Rochester's best kept secrets as far as neighborhood bars go. However, if you want a fun evening enjoying great wings and an assortment of cold beers (and maybe even bowl a few frames), then make the trek up to the Merchants-Culver neighborhood!Walking into L&M Lanes, you immediately enter the bar area, complete with electronic darts machine. There are a few booths opposite the bar for you and your friends to settle into, otherwise belly up to the bar for great service from friendly bartenders. There are always a number of great domestic and craft beers on tap, and many more bottles available. The selection is constantly changing, and don't be afraid to ask for a suggestion from one of the bartenders. I'm a big fan of the wings (which are available dressed in Buffalo Garlic, medium, hot, BBQ, Country Sweet, hot sweetie, and Buffalo garlic sweetie sauces). I usually take my wings medium or mild. Wings and other fried appetizers are very popular here, so you may have a little bit of a wait. They also offer burgers, pizza, and "Gutter Plates" (their own take on Rochester's famous Garbage Plate).There's also six lanes downstairs and six lanes upstairs if you and your friends want to go bowling. Another nice thing is that owner Gary is usually at the bar most nights, sometimes slinging beers or signing up new bowlers. Gary and his family have worked hard to maintain the traditions of this old neighborhood hangout while adding a few of their own since they purchased it from the previous owners in 2011. Weekends tend to be busiest. If you want great beers and great wings that won't make a great impression on your finances, make your way to L&M (and share the secret)!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/27/2013,9,24,,3,2>Fantastic place to get a lunch takeout on that busy workday. Food is always fresh, and tasty, and I have never had any complaints. Wish they had a separate checkout counter for takeouts, but I digress.My favorites from this place are the Portobello Mushroom Panini, and the buffalo chicken sub. The omelettes are pretty good too. This place gives you a bang for your buck
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/23/2014,70,85,4,10,3>Went here on the suggestion of a stranger. Yes, a stranger. Stopped a dude in line at Wegmans and asked him where he got his glasses, as I was defintley overdue for new glasses. He replied, the place across from ISSAC heating and cooling in the city. He stated "the service was second to none. Great peoples there. I will be back."Welp. It took a bit of research to find out where "the eye center across from ISSAC heating and cooling" was. I found it and booked an appointment.I showed up and it was a legit eye doctors office, not some rinky dink lenscrafters or pearl vision in the mall. This was a professional office. Was greated with a smile by the receptionist. Filled out the new patient paperwork, and was greeted by the eye doctors assistant. The office was large and modern. It appeared to be recently remodeled. Fresh and sparkling clean in appearance. This is the place for me.Did the preliminary check up with assistant, she was great. Very through review of any issues, vision changes, etc. She took the time to explain alot of information to me.Next up, Dr Amanda walked in and was prompt and professional. She ran a series of tests and was very patient, I had some questions etc. My vision had slightly declined over 3 years. Pretty predictable. I was then introduced to Sherry, at the Eye to Eye Optical Store inside the office.Sherry was professional, perky and personable. She provided EXCEPTIONAL one-on-one service to me. She gave me a consultation on what glasses would look best on me and we tried on over a dozen pairs. I truly trusted her advice. A seasoned eye glass proffessional. I ended up with a pair of Versace glasses. Shery took many measurements and was very efficient and through.They took a week to come in. I arrived today, with zero wait, sat down and she double checked the fit of my new glasses. Shery was very happy to see me and actually remembered me and complimented me on my new glasses... Stating "they looked better than I remembered... We did good". I left the office with a big smile.Insurance covered a great deal of the glasses, all I had to pay was a low co-pay and the difference that insurance would not cover.Listen to me.... Stop going to LENSCRAFTERS and the alike.  Check out Rochester Eye and Laser Center. It was the mosy professional experience. I was treated as a priority, and the entire staff from receptionist, assistant, doctor to eye care consultant seemed to really care about thier jobs. THE CUSTOMER SERVICE WAS NOTHING LIKE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED! If I could give 10 stars I would.Check this place out. You will be extremely suprised!! You will never do an eye doctor in the mall!  Thanks to the dude at Wegmans that day... Without him I would have never found this place!  Book an appointment! Be ready for the best eye appointment experience of your life !!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/22/2014,96,330,4,5,3>Not to beat a dead horse here... but YAH, Mayer's Hardware is the bee's knees.A+ for customer serviceA+ for priceA+ for convenience (parking lot, big aisles, lots of things in stock)A+ for a stress-free errandCan't recall if they take plastic, but I want to say yes?Just do everyone a favor and shop local.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,6/21/2014,129,393,,3,2>The Little is a true gem of a movie theater... kinda like the Alamo Drafthouse minus beer. It's a seriously cool place to catch a first run independent film, the theater is noted for it's ability to program & slot films that may be a bit too outré for the big chains. On top of that, the attached cafe serves up a wide variety of foodstuffs (paninis, wraps, salads, quiches and soups), tasty desserts, Italian sodas, coffees, tea, beer & wine. Live music can be heard most days; regulars include the Djangoners, Margaret Explosion, Annie Wells, Connie Deming, Charlie Mitchell Trio & the ever eclectic Watkins & Rapiers. If you're visiting Rochester, make sure to include a stop @ the Little.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/20/2014,19,134,1,5,3>A fun place for kids... AND ADULTS! $13 admission, not too bad. Only spent a few hours here. Definitely NOT enough time! I would highly recommend the membership. Going once, even twice is not enough! Love the mini Wegmans! So cute! Wanted to go into the Berenstain Bears exhibit (cuz I STILL love those books) but there wasn't enough time! I went in the Butterfly Garden for the first time! $4 extra. Very neat... Very HOT in there. Wouldn't suggest wearing a sweatshirt along with an infant strapped to your chest. Almost had heatstroke but they limit your time in there so I avoided an embarrassing moment. So many butterflies. Some of them are as big as birds and it's kinda creepy when they almost fly into your face. Instinct tells you to bat them away but I resisted. You're not allowed to touch! They do have restaurants there but we decided to go elsewhere.Can't wait to go back! The babe is only 2 months old but I would so go on my own. Lol.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,6/19/2014,14,144,2,3,2>Perfect location. It's awesome to hit up wegmans, trader joes and then century wines all at once. Vast selection, friendly staff. Stocked my entire bar in one full swoop.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/18/2014,83,236,1,7,3>I'm frankly surprised to see some of the lower reviews as I've consistently had some of the best meals I've eaten in Rochester here.  We dined again on a Sunday evening (love it that this hotel restaurant is open 7 days a week) and had the occasion to sit outside and enjoy the cool Spring air.  This is the seventh or eighth time that we've eaten at Char and on only one occasion was the food not top notch.My companions had the burger (add truffles, it's a small upcharge but it's definitely worth it as that's the way they used to fix them), small filets (perfectly done), and I tried something a bit unusual this time with home made gnocchi and lamb sausage.  I wasn't disappointed.  This really is a top notch restaurant and they've held their own since the management of the Revelry took over.  I could not recommend a place higher.Yes, the burger at $17+ is expensive but a Bill Gray's burger with onion rings (and the onion rings that come with this burger are SO MUCH BETTER) will cost you $8 or $9 and it's a small burger compared to this 12 oz. behemoth.  The restaurant is not overpriced for what it offers.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,6/17/2014,13,22,3,8,4>Ok ladies GET A BRA FITTING! After years and years and more years of uncomfortable bras my friend and I decided enough is enough! I made an appointment for a bra fitting for the two of us over the phone, the hours they offered were convienent and we ended up with the lovely, knowledgable Anastasia who is also the co owner. She gave us quite the bra sizing education. Perhaps this is a little TMI but so you are informed at 40 + years I have been wearing a 34 -36A bra size which have been uncomfortable but I truly thought it was the best fit for me that I could find. I left wearing a 32C/D! Huge difference. My friend ( I won't share her stats) experienced the same sizing disparity. Anastasia gave us each an arsenal of bras to try on from practical to down right gorgeously sexy. She spent almost 1.5 hours with us helping us into and out of bras, figuring out what was each of our ideal fit and what we loved and didn't love. I bought 2 lovely bras that are comfortable and make the girls look good. Devil May Care is a fabulous little shop with cute and sexy lingerie, intimate products, bras and panties not to mention some pretty cool clothes for perhaps the younger generation.  It is a little pricey, however I believe I would have paid about as much at the mall without the wonderful service and attention. I will definitely be giving Devil May Care repeat business. Actually can't wait to go back!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/16/2014,46,159,3,8,3>My boyfriend had made reservations for our 2 year anniversary. It was a bit noisy, but the restaurant looked beautiful. The hostess was really nice. The booths are HUGE!! You could fit 5 people on each side. They bring out water in these beautiful bottles to leave at your table. Our waitress was polite and courteous but she didn't give off a vibe that she really cared. That's why I didn't give it 5 stars. I had a wonderful glass of wine, dry and full bodied. We were slightly disappointed we didn't receive any bread or anything while we waited for our food, but not really a big deal. My boyfriend had the brodetto. It came with mussles, clams, scallops, GIANT piece of lobster tail and a whole claw, and finally sea bass. It had pastina in it also. The flavor of it was out of this world. Really, really delicious and was a big portion. I ordered the duck, which was cooked perfectly, the fat was seared crispy and the inside extremely tender, not overcooked. It was slightly under-seasoned, but still delicious. The risotto, OH MY,  the risotto! I couldn't get enough of it! Next time we go, I'm getting that risotto as my entire meal. The flavors in the risotto were delicious and went PERFECTLY with the duck. I'm a huge food junkie, and I really love to try new foods, with different flavors incorporated and this restaurant met my expectations. The flavors of the food are spot on. We will come back to this restaurant.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,6/15/2014,66,245,2,13,7>I can't remember how I found this park, but I am glad I did. It's not well marked and you can't see it  from major roads, you have to turn off Lake Ave onto Boxart. Take a couple turns and you'll find a small parking lot. From here you can hike or bike through the paved trails that lead through railroad bed, wooded area, and over a long pedestrian bridge over the Genesee basin. Depending on the season, you can get more access to some low-lying areas. The park is really unique: * There are the woods, wetlands, and river which are home to a lot of plants and animals * The boardwalk seems pretty modern (built in 2008)* ...but there is also the weird feeling of abandon.  The area used to be a hub for coal transport in the late 1800s/early 1900s. There are still tons of evidence of what used to be-- in a cool way, not a junky way.  If you would like to know more history of the area this is a good page: gold.mylargescale.com/ScYou can walk most of the highlights of this park in about an hour or you stay on the Genesee River Trail which goes to Ontario Beach in one direction or downtown in the other.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,6/14/2014,21,94,5,7,4>I have found the best tasting pork belly bun in ROC!  I ordered their BBQ crispy pork bao at the Rib Fest and the seasoning is delish.  The pork was tender and the edges were seared; a delightful texture with each bite.  The homemade coleslaw was mixed with a perfect blend of sweet and spicy sauce.  If you're intimidated by Sriracha sauce, don't be!  The heat is gently subdued by the sweetness.  This is a must try and I'm looking forward to checking out the rest of their menu!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2014,10/11/2014,80,59,3,9,5>It's great to see a grocery shop open up in the heart of downtown! What makes it even better is the amount of local products they stock on their shelves. Soo excited to be able to buy all my favorite ROC goodies in one place!! I was able to find 1911 Blueberry Cider here after searching for it at places for months. Lots of fresh and healthy choices available. I got home looked through their deals book and found at least five more things I wish I had bought. I already have plans for what to get on my second visit! All right Harts just go ahead and take all my money.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,10/10/2014,26,245,3,6,4>This is damn good BBQ.  And while not the best, it's excellent for a place in Rochester NY.  Some may be somewhat turned off by the atmosphere and seating availability but that should not deter for those seeking a good meal.  I ordered the beef brisket - pleasantly surprised.  The meat was very soft and portions were adequate (I ordered the duo so this was less than full order of beef brisket entree portion).  I would say there was a little too much sauce on it - it was good but would request it on the side next time.  The other half of the "duo" was the BBQ chicken.  This was excellent- very well cooked white meat and soft inside.  The side orders were fries, which where OK and the corn...again slightly better than average but the Dinosaur BBQ corn is better,  IMO.  I plan to head back again and venture into other entrees.  But honestly,  ordering the brisket again (with sauce on the side) would hit the spot for me.  I would like to check out their other sides - those ancillary items can add a lot of value to a BBQ.  Again, seating is scarce but if you can manage to come at off hours you will be fine (what I did).  Good service and nice staff.  You can buy some beer at the corner store near by and they allow you to drink it on site...and they even provided us with plastic cups.  Reasonable pricing as well.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,10/9/2014,29,86,4,8,8>Had a bit of time to spare before class, so checked yelp and came here on a whim.This shop is not located in the most happening part of town, but it's definitely making a bit of a detour for. I ordered the hot sandwich with the pulled pork, swiss cheese, pickle, and mustard. All of the sandwiches available are shown in a display case on the inside (complete with info about ingredients and whether it comes hot or cold), which makes it really easy to order. Plus, if you don't see anything you like, you can ask them to create something for you. The sandwiches are all around the range of $6.50.There was one woman manning the counter when I went -- it's a pretty small place, so I would imagine this is usually the case. As a result (and the fact that the hot sandwiches are made in front of you on the stove), there can be a bit of a wait during lunch. There is plenty of seating available towards the back. No wifi though so this won't be my new study space. :( [Edit: There is now wifi! Woo!] The sandwich I got was absolutely delicious. No complaints whatsoever. Granted I may have just moved to Rochester, but I would say this was the best meal I've had here to date!Their chocolate chip / raisin cookies are okay, but nothing special, so I would pass on those unless you're really feeling that sweet tooth.The line can get quite intense around lunch hour.Other sandwiches I've since tried:Chipotle Chicken - comes on a crispy flatbread. Just the right about of spice so that you feel it, but it's not overbearing. Would recommend!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,10/8/2014,10,34,2,2,3>Great service and amazing area for kayaking in Rochester! The scenery is great and the creek is very navigable even without prior experience. For that reason, I would recommend just renting the kayak/canoe for however many hours you want it, rather than paying for the shuttle to go to the beginning of the creek. It's nice, but unnecessary. On a hot day, 2 hours is more than plenty :) The bay is gorgeous too!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/7/2014,6,61,3,7,3>If you haven't been to Sakura in the past few weeks, it's time to give it a chance again.  Their best Sushi Chef has returned!  Ken is Back!    His sushi is creative without becoming an overcomplicated mess of flavor and texture.  They have some of the better cuts of Tuna on the menu again; say hello to Toro (fatty tuna), it's the candy of the tuna world!  The atmosphere is a lovely modern elegant feel with a great water feature in the divide between the bar and restaurant dining room.  For an always-fun experience, sit in the hibachi area and take in the show.  Or perhaps you're seeking a more private experience for your group, then book the Tatami room.  They are definitely getting back on the right track and oh did I mention that Ken is back!
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2014,10/6/2014,83,236,4,3,2>Wahl's like so many of our other local hamburger chains has great cheesburgers with their own particular version of hot sauce.  A good go to staple that will completely fill you up.  And I do agree with Erin R., the onion rings are excellent.But avoid the fish frys at all costs.  The cornmeal breading is uninteresting.  There's so much better, fresher, and lighter fish frys to be had.  Boccacini's in nearby Perinton Hills Mall has a much better fry for a Friday evening.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,10/5/2014,10,117,2,4,3>We've been to over 9 games this season.  We always have a great time!  It is a great family atmosphere.   I love the Wendy's $1 off on the backside of the ticket and that Buckmans Carwash gives $2.99 car washes the day after a game, and "Taco Man" - a designated hitter on the opposing team strikes out- you get a free taco at Taco Bell with your ticket within 48 hours!Every seat is a good seat.  We've sat in many sections.  Tonights game is the last home game at the Stadium and we will be in Section 111. All of Row E.  The food?  Is fabulous.  Zweigles hot dogs of course!  Salvatore's pizza and calzones are fantastic.  Mac 'n Cheese is awesome.  A couple times a season, one of the vendors (I think Angus) has Jambalaya which is a Must have! Fantastic! (They usually have it on a Monday night game, I've been told.I haven't figured out how to get a players signature yet..... That is not so easy :(I'm bringing my Red Wings cards tonight...... Hoping again to get someone's attention to sign their baseball card!Can't wait until next year and do it all over again!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,10/4/2014,65,118,4,4,4>Went here for lunch with my brother, sister & husband. My sister isn't a fish fan (craziness!) so she had a tempura veggie roll ($8) with added avocado and cream cheese ($2) and said it was delicious. We also split an order of seasoned french fries ($6) and chicken gyoza ($4 for 4 pieces). The fries came with a special spicy sauce rather than plain ketchup. We liked the fries - they were fluffy with an especially nice crust. However the seasoning on the fries could have been stronger/spicier for us. The gyoza were good. Dipping sauce was fine but could be better (spice, scallions, etc could be added).My brother, husband and I split 3 rolls and the chef's sushi lunch special (8 pieces of nigiri, chef's choice, $14). The chef's special included 4 types of nigiri on a wooden board: snapper, red tuna, white tuna, and salmon. They were all standard but very fresh. Wish the chef was more creative with the offerings and mixed it up a bit! For $14 I wasn't sure it was worth it - even though it came with miso soup (pretty standard) and a small garden salad with a gingery dressing (also standard).The rolls we had were: Snow White ($9), Red Dragon ($9) & Crispy Tuna ($10). My favs were the Crispy Tuna & Red Dragon, but my husband and brother loved the Snow White (and everything else!).Crispy Tuna had tuna, roe, avocado, greens and a crispy crust (not too thick). I loved the flavors of this roll and would definitely get it again. Our waitress, Rachael, confirmed it was one of their popular rolls.The Red Dragon had smoked eel, cucumber and avocado with a delicious, seasoned chopped tuna topping. Again, I'd get that one again in a second.Both the Crispy Tuna & Red Dragon rolls had a spicy, creamy sauce that was served with them. I like it and it wasn't overpowering.The Snow White had white tuna (not my fav),  crab stick, cucumber and avocado. I found it too bland, but my husband and brother found it clean & refreshing. I was interested in a glass of wine, but was horrified by the prices ($13 for one glass of Dr Frank Dry Riesling?!! That's more than a bottle costs!!!) so we didn't get anything but water. Our waitress, Rachael, provided good service and consistent water refills (thank you!!!) even if she hovered a little too much at check time (we were splitting it on multiple cards, so maybe she just wanted to make sure we didn't need help?). She was nice and helpful sorting through the menu.Overall the fish was very fresh and we will be back to try more of their menu. The pics of house-made food scrolling on the tv look amazing. We may order off that alone next time to try new stuff!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,10/3/2014,67,135,6,8,5>My number one pet peeve in life is when someone says "it's all delicious."  Because the way I see it, there's always a best dish -- which makes everything else the wrong choice.  But at the Owl House, every dish is the best dish.  Every. Single. One.When I found out the Owl House was overhauling their menu, I pitched a fit like a spoiled five-year-old.  One by one, they eliminated my favorites.  But what they added was so much better.  Here's an apt example ... On Tuesday, I felt compelled to get The Hot Beav Burger, because I'd had it before and -- let's face it -- there is absolutely no way on earth anything else could come close to as good.  But ... I tried something new anyway; the Porky 2.0.  Even as I ordered, I knew I'd be kicking myself when the meals came.  But the Owl House surpassed my expectations.  The pickles, the mayo, the soft Baker Street roll, the wonderfulwonderful pork ... my mouth exploded in happiness.  And again when I tried my sister's The Most Likely to Succeed (turkey sandwich).  And again when I tried my brother-in-law's BLT -- and I HATE raw tomatoes.  If you're thinking about an appetizer, the answer is yes.  The Buffalo Cauli Wings and the Nachos are both stupendous.  The Saladboy is spectacular.  The Wedge salad is smokey and mysterious. The soup is always a hit.For god's sake, people, stop trying to make me choose!  I love them all!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,10/2/2014,39,83,3,6,5>If you live in the Rochester area and need flowers (or some other clever off the beaten path gift) there is absolutely no other place you need to go.  First of all - Stacy and the rest of the girls that work there are all amazing people, incredibly friendly, and great at what they do.  Every time I go in there and buy flowers or anything thing else they spend so much time with me (because I ask 1000 questions) figuring out what goes well together, what looks good, what is new, etc.  Then they take what different flowers I have picked out (or they picked out for me) and work magic with them twisting them all together into an amazing looking arrangement.They always have different random kinds of flowers and plants from all over the place, different stuff all the time, all different colors and anything else you could imagine.And above all - I am never shocked by the price that I pay at the end.  With the type of service that they give I always expect it to cost about twice as much as it actually does.  Everyone I talk to I make sure to tell that there is absolutely no reason to go anyplace else.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,8/16/2013,40,167,1,2,3>So much to choose from. A chefs dream! Spices, flours,sauces,dried fruits and extracts. Much cheaper than wegmans for some items but I still took away one star because some items are still a bit pricey. All the items in my pic ran me about $50. I will still return many many times though lol.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,8/15/2013,44,33,11,13,5>I showed up for dinner here the other night in sweatpants. The night was chilly, and I planned to stroll around the nearby Ontario State Park.  But in all honesty, I was expecting the casual, familiar neighborhood italian restaurant that was my Mr. Dominic's.   Not so!  Apparently, Mr. Dominic got himself a facelift, in the form of a new bistro-like patio seating area and a new rustic gold-toned interior.  I want to say that it reminded me of an upscale Olive Garden, but I'm not sure if anyone would take that as a compliment.  I mean well, the new touches are cute.  The corner of the bar/waiting area had a barrel that you could sit on, and the wine/grape theme was carried throughout the rest of the decor.  The new interior gave way to some interesting surprises, however.  The people came dressed with a little more structure. Sure there were people in jeans, or sweatpants like myself--and I still got service.  Yet, I saw people here in dresses and blazers. Where was my cozy Mr. Dominic's? It seemed like along with a new facelift, there was a bit of a new and swankified feel.If I wanted my cozy, I got it in the form of not enough personal space. The place was packed.  That opened up the opportunity to check out the patio seating area, which ended up being the perfect place to eat.  Not only did we get quick and attentive service, but you could see the sailboats on the lake pass-by and smell the sea-soaked air while swirling into the pasta.  Lovely. Let's get to the food.  The fried calamari was ordered and came with both the House tomato sauce and a small cup of cocktail sauce.  There was a lemon to squeeze, set on top. The plate was huge and definitely enough for two people.  The batter was light and peppery, and brought to life with the acidity of the lemon.  The calamari itself stayed away from being too chewy.  It had that perfect balance between knowing you were eating squid and not tasting too "seafoody."  Their bread comes with the entrees and it's always cold but still fresh. It's that good kind of Italian bread where you can taste both the sour yeast and pinch of sweet sugar.  It doesn't need butter, but you put it on anyway, and it brings out the irresistible flavor even more. The other reason why I wear the sweatpants to Mr. Dominic's.  For the main course, I stick to the classic capellini (like a thinner angel hair pasta) with the House tomato sauce.  It comes with a salad topped with one baby carrot, one radish piece, one grape tomato, chickpeas, red onion slice-rings, and that good kind of iceberg/ spring mix blend. The best part, in my opinion, is adding the Peppercorn Parmesan dressing. (If it's Parmesan Peppercorn, forgive me. I interchange this name with abandon).  It's just a perfect tangy mix of creamy, cheesy and peppery.  It's a change from the thinner Caesar or heavy Ranch, and gives you something a bit more substantial than regular Italian.  Mr. Dominic's tomato sauce is bright red and doesn't have any of those questionable and uneven chunks of things in it.  Just how I love it.  It's velvety and smooth and sure to get on your shirt.  There's always a watery part of it on one side, which is strange to me because the sauce itself is well seasoned and is hearty.  The cappellini is just great.  It has that chicken-soup taste to the pasta that is reminiscent of Italian bistros, and they give you a HUGE PORTION SIZE.  I plan for this now, and understand that I'm going to have the next day's lunch coming home with me.  They wrap it for you with saran wrap so that watery part that walks away from the sauce is well-contained.  Mr. Dominic's is comfort food.  A good, old-fashioned meal.  I'll take the new grape decor and fancy people.  That's fine, so long as I can take my sweatpants outside on the patio and swirl into your pasta while watching the boats on the lake pass-by.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,8/14/2013,83,236,1,5,3>In sum, a wonderful experience.  I could not recommend it more.Yelpers, why do you continue to visit and revisit the same restaurants over and over?  Make an effort to drive 15 minutes out in the suburbs in search of a good restaurant.  You're missing something and you need to wake up!    Now back to this review.  I was in Webster on business last evening and asked my wife to join me for dinner.  I checked Yelp - I should have looked at Trip Advisor or any of a half dozen other sites ad they're doing a much better job of collecting reviews these days by the way - and found only a handful of restaurants listed in Webster.  I'm so over the steak house thing that Prime didn't interest me.  What I was left with was a series of uninteresting choices like Maria's (uggh), Red Robin, Five Guys, etc.  I enjoy the chains as much as the next person, but I was looking for something more.  The reviews were thin for Brimont.  Mostly lunch reviews.  One terrible review apparently right they opened and one woman gushing about how this restaurant compares with the best in NYC.  Come on, she was way over the top.  Or so I thought . . .Greg, the owner and executive chef, came out and talked to us after dinner.   This is a man who has put in time at the likes of Montrachet and the River Cafe in the city and Brooklyn.  Those are superb restaurants and among the best I've eaten at.  No wonder his preparation here was so good.The restaurant is intimate.  There are three seating areas, including the newly completed patio and a nice bar area as well.  We happened to be the only patrons later on a Tuesday evening and that gave me some pause but that pause was quickly dispelled.  A most extensive and interesting wine list for such a small place.  The menu is small (thankfully), and artfully composed.  What's most important to know about Brimont is that all of the food is fresh.  If you order a salad, the lettuce is cut for that salad by the chef.  It's not pulled out of a bin that it's been sitting in for days.  For appetizers, we shared a Goat Cheese Napoleon and the crab cakes ($9 & $10).  The napoleon was a surprise for it was incredibly sweet - almost a dessert - and it was artfully done.  The crab cakes were very succulent and just a tad bit spicy.I tried the mushroom soup with truffle oil.  If that's any indication of what he can do with the soup of the day, try it, regardless of what it is.  Rich and hearty.  Not your typical mushroom soup as there was not an overbearing roux base here.For dinner, my wife had the coq au vin and I tried the beef bourguinon, again because it had been bushed over by another Yelper and I had to see just how wrong she was.  The coq au vin was excellent.  My wife does a bit better Greg but that's because we both probably prefer a bit less of a tomato base than was used here but I'm not quibbling.  My wife spent hours one day preparing Julia Child's classic coq au vin and it wasn't this good either (which is why Pam still has the best).  The beef bourguinon, however, was an ecstatic delight.  I can't believe how perfectly everything was done.  The meat was so tender but not overcooked and the root vegetables were absolutely perfect - crisp and tender at the same time.  Obviously blanched and added later rather than stewed all day.  The only thing I could have used more of was the obviously home baked bread to sop up the last of the remaining sauce.  It was that good.The specials that evening were both desserts.  A grilled peach with white chocolate, almonds, and a brown sugar glaze and a semi-fredo with blueberries, strawberries, etc.  And no, semi-fredo is not a small Italian gangster.  It's an Italian-styled ice cream that doesn't require an ice cream maker to complete.  Let me just say that both were excellent but when the cold semi-fredo was combined with the warm (neh hot) peaches, it was sublime.I left well-stuffed, probably more than I should have eaten but I would not give up the experience for anything.  We will definitely go back and it's so nice to know that the desert wasteland that was Webster finally has an excellent little restaurant to pull us out of the southern suburbs and the city.  Total bill, 3 glasses wine, two appetizers, soup, two entrees, and two desserts, $98 including tax.  For fine dining in this town, that's inexpensive.  In NYC, I would have paid at least $175 for the same.  Kudos to Greg and his staff.  We'll be back next time to try the cheese and wine samplers he's put together.  It's a most interesting wine list that just beckons.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,8/13/2013,27,182,1,2,2>Java's is always a great spot for a coffee, studying, or people watching.  The prices are a little high, but the coffee and other drinks are always really tasty, and the prices aren't really that much more expensive than Starbucks.  The atmosphere is really nice there, though it always seems like it is really dark inside.  The basement is really interesting and has a pool table and some art.  An icon of Downtown Rochester, and for good reason.  The place is always bumping and always worth a stop.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,8/12/2013,10,2,3,7,2>Oh my the food is amazing. My companion and I split the large antipasto (he had the meat and I had the cheese, though he was nice enough to split the pate with me.) Some of the best cheese ever, and the pate is beyond heavenly.We had the Tuna Crudo and Lobster Brodo appetizers (really wonderful) and the Pork Tenderloin and Sea Scallops entrees, as well as a side of peas and asparagus (with mint! I love mint with peas, and nobody does them that way. Till Avvino, anyway.) The pork was awesome, the scallops done perfectly, and the accompaniments were inventive and delicious.If you get a bottle of wine, the WIne Ritual is a little more elaborate than most. The atmosphere is very comfortable, yet lush. Nice artwork, subdued lighting, attentive service. All in all, a great experience.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,8/11/2013,100,146,1,7,5>Flour City has perhaps the best bread in town. I really love their focaccia, baguettes and brioche.The focaccia makes for a great sandwich bread and the baguettes are crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle. I use the brioche to make ridiculous French Toast and fancy grilled cheeses. Their almond croissant is to die for! I really wish they would sell the biscuits they use in their breakfast sandwiches.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,8/10/2013,28,102,4,6,5>Breakfast at a Sushi place?! I know what thoughts hit your mind first and raw fish is not what most of us want when recovering from a fantastic Saturday night. We want carbs, and potatoes and fat and guess what? Banzai is serving up exactly what you want. If you have tried the breakfast at Piranha, Banzai's older brother, and either loved it or hated, through those thoughts out the window. The Sunday brunch is being run by a young and upcoming Chef, Joe Kannel,  a Rochester native who got his start, cooking at Mise en Place, right across the street from Banzai. He spread his wings and landed at a spot at the new Tap and Table at Corn Hill last year when they opened in July. Through social media Joe got put in touch with the owners of Banzai when they were thinking about starting a Sunday Brunch, and a beautiful thing was born. Joe take's care of all the ordering and creates the menu every week, he buys as much as possible locally getting a lot of his ingredients from The Public Market as well local growers and butchers. While you may find a hint of wasabi here and there like their Bloody Mary, the food is not of Asian. Joe keeps the food simple, hearty and best of all, good. He marries a upscale presentation that has clean lines and unique ingredients with Sunday morning favorites.I met a few friends here on Sunday to see how things were going and to taste some awesome breakfast, it was everything I was hoping it was. Coffee delivered in a French Press that lived on our table and blushing Mimosa's were a great pick me up at the crack of noon. Two friends split one of Joe's main stays, Bread Pudding French Toast, can you feel that? That's drool running down the side of your mouth! Their second dish was one of the specials, Arancini Benedict!! But, What the heck in Arancini? Well it just happens to be a cake of fried risotto cakes, in this case with fresh mushrooms and goat cheese mixed in. Two cakes, each topped with a poached egg, roasted red pepper, in house made hollandaise and a spring pesto. They were huge fans of both dishes and the sweet savory concept worked well for them. My other friend and I were not in such a sharing mood. He ordered another mainstay, the Banzai Benedict. Two steamed buns, each topped with a poached egg and then covered in a wasabi hollandaise sauce. Don't forget the little touches either, like the pickled onions that pack just a little heat, delicately arranged on each egg. Complimenting these two lovely stack of enlightened breakfast are two thick, meaty pieces of pork belly. Pork Belly comes from the same part of the pig as bacon and is what bacon want's to be when it grows up. These were placed between the towers of Nom in a clean sophisticated look, highly under appreciated by my brethren as he quickly dived in. Just being modest? No, I am saving mine for last because I think it was the best. Pork Belly omelet. Did I explain how awesome pork belly is? Lemme go back a minute. Close your eyes... go on. Wait you can't read with your eyes closed. Any ways, Imagine bacon, now imagine it thick, not just thick but like a half inch plus thick, all that tasty fatty goodness, now crisp up the edges on a cook top and imagine away. Bacon the thickness and size of sausage but oh so much better tasting. Now your getting close. My omelet was large and light but filling. Cheddar and sliced pork belly filled the inside while cut up scallions rested on top keeping my omelet company and waiting for me to taste those bites where the whole thing comes together. Where you know your tasting exactly what the cook who designed it, picked out the ingredients by hand and cooked it wanted you to taste. A brief, breakfast nirvana. A large portion of crispy home fries filled the rest of the plate. Hidden among them were caramelized onions and poblano peppers, using guerrilla tactics against my taste buds, subtle, just a hint, what was that? Then BAM!! Flavors rich, spicy, green and earthy mixing with the crisp potatoes to make you smile as you finish the last bite. Obviously, this breakfast earned it's 5 stars. Joe is has brought an amazing breakfast to the Wedge and this one is worth traveling for. I think Joe's breakfast will become well known and soon, as word spreads of his innovative takes on our classic hang over foods and he brings us a little bit of class we probably need on Sunday morning. Get in while the getting is good, every Sunday you enjoy one of Joe's breakfasts will be one more happy Sunday in your life, and you too will become a fan. Mimosa's run $4 and most of the main dishes rang in between $7 and $11. there is an a la carte menu so you can make your perfect breakfast just right. Hours are 10-3, Sunday mornings only.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,8/9/2013,65,54,3,6,3>The Straight Home Inn is almost too good to review.  I mean, the name alone is worthwhile, just for the ability to say, "I promise, I'll go straight home after work."  And, then off you go to the Straight Home Inn.  I've been there a few times.  The first time was on a wing night.  I think it was Tuesday, but it's been a few months.  Maybe I should go back so I can find out what day it is.  Anyway, they are really big, delicious wings and really inexpensive.  Actually, everything on the menu is really good.  They have really big, delicious slices, subs, and a bunch of other Italian specialties.There's a bar room as well as a dining room that has pool and darts, so if one place is too crowded and you're looking to catch up with an old friend, the other room is the place for that.  In addition to wing nights, they also have Taco Thursdays where you can get your fill of soft tacos and fixins without spending a fortune.Come from the east side of town, it's a little bit of a drive, but it's totally worth it.  They have a parking lot in the back, so there's plenty of room as well.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,8/8/2013,11,10,,5,2>This hidden gem in Rochester is worth a visit. I have been here many times and have never been disappointed. The wings are probably among the best in Rochester. More than 20 choices of wet sauce or dry rub, the ability to split them up in batches to sample the various toppings, and so many flavors. I highly recommend the wet cajun and harbor style rub. The mac and cheese is homemade and to die for and was one of my staples after I got my wisdom teeth out last year. The best offering of Windjammer's??? The $2 beer shelf with a constantly rotating variety of micro brews. Recent finds: Brooklyn Chocolate Stout, Saranac Blueberry Blonde, Saranac Red IPA. Some nights there is great live music...some nights the 20 year olds stop in and crowd this townie bar after their kickball games. One thing you are always guaranteed to find there are some of the nicest folks in town!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/7/2013,4,1,,3,4>I went to CiBon tonight on a regular best friend date and loved it!  My friend had been here before and suggested we try it out.  We went for a late dinner, after 8pm on a Monday so it wasn't crowded at all.  The atmosphere was really relaxed, starting with seating yourself inside or out.  We opted for in because it was a cool night and I didn't dress for the weather.  The decor is warm and rustic with dark red walls, high ceilings, lots of dark wood, and candles.  Despite the beautiful decor, it feels very casual as there were people sitting at the small bar alone and one woman using a laptop in the corner.  There are booths in the front 2 windows that wrap around the table, cushioned booths along both sides with small cafe tables and chairs opposite, as well as a few single cafe tables in the middle and outside.We were served promptly and our server was friendly and helpful.  The menu consists of antipasti, pastas, pizzas, paninis, desserts, and various drinks.  Being underage, I couldn't order one, but my friend had a delicious glass of red wine.  We started with the CiBon Mussels ($14) which were served in a white wine sauce with a hint of Dijon mustard along with 3 slices of thick crusty bread.  Then we split the Joan of Arc Panini ($11) which included smoked salmon, tomato, red onion, capers, and goat cheese with a green salad on the side.  This was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The flavors and textures all complimented each other perfectly from the toasted buttery bread to the creamy goat cheese and salty capers.  (Noted bias: salmon is my fav food) This is definitely a place that I would bring my family back to in the future.  It's a great spot for couples on a date, groups of friends, or even to have a nice dinner solo.  I liked that it didn't feel like I was in a typical restaurant with tons of servers running around all carrying plates of food that look exactly the same.  There were only 2 servers working and blended in seamlessly with the customers.  Every plate I saw go by looked more delicious than the last and was simple but beautifully plated.Oh and the tiny bathroom downstairs only added to the experience.  Love me some old, quirky buildings!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2014,8/12/2014,29,55,1,8,5>Get Caked is a cute little bakery nestled into the depths of Village Gate.The prices can be a little high for baked goods, but the thing is, it's all homemade right in front of you, and most of it is gluten-free, vegan, etc. which can be difficult to find in Rochester, and more expensive to make, so it's okay with me!The cupcakes and cookies are absolutely delicious and the people who run the bakery are some of the nicest people you will meet. They make a Cherry Vanilla cupcake that is to absolutely die for, and for my twentieth birthday, my dad surprised me with a big Cherry Vanilla cake and it both LOOKED beautiful and tasted delicious.If you're planning on being a return customer make sure to grab (or ask) for a little punch/rewards card.Reason it's not 5 stars is because SOMETIMES, NOT ALWAYS, the cake can be a little dry.You will not regret the Cherry Vanilla, Lemon, Carrot Cake, Chocolate, or anything else really. (What I mean really is: you won't regret the four cupcakes and sugar cookie you're about to eat in your car).
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,8/11/2014,17,64,4,6,3>Absolutely love this place! all the wings I've had in rochester and buffalo I vote murphs is the best! Not only r they 50 cents a wing Monday and Saturday, the flavors r great and so is the size. At duffs and anchor bar they r not nearly close in size of meat that's on the bone. The other food is pretty good as well for bar type food, also a good selection of beer. They have other specials other days as well. Open mic night on Wednesdays. I heard a rumor murphs owner might retire and not sell in the coming years which is extremely disappointing and hope it's not true, so get there fast!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2014,8/10/2014,38,56,4,5,3>Went to Flight for a date night, and had a very nice time. As other reviews have mentioned, the tables are pretty close together and there isn't a ton of space inside, so plan accordingly if you have a big group.As for the menu, you could choose a wine flight, or a single glass. If you're just learning about wine, no worries - the servers provide excellent explanations of the various flights, and its a good opportunity to try something you've never seen/heard of/tasted before. We had one red and one white and one chocolate flight. My advise - regardless of what you wine you order, get the chocolate flight. Two things about the chocolate flight will amaze you: 1 - the flavor of the wine completely changes after nibbling on the chocolate 2 - the amount of snooty "wine talk" that comes out of your mouth is unparalleled "Oh, the residual sugar is so much more noticeable...the floral note are like a bouquet in my mouth....The tanins blah blah blah".But, the chocolate is from Hedonist and its freaking amazing. So, snooty talk aside, it is totally worth it!PS - Sorry Pradip A. because I have once again essentially written the same thing as you!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/9/2014,72,54,1,8,6>I took my wife here for a romantic dinner on a Wednesday evening after reading some reviews here on Yelp. It very much lived up to my expectations. It's fairly small but the building is deep so it seats more people than you would think. We sat in a glass enclosed room that leads to the outdoor seating area. We had a candle on our table and there was a beautiful jazz guitarist playing live in the room. The waitress always seemed to be there at just the right time. We had some fresh bread and a salad before our meal. I tried the Lemoncello house dressing and it was very good. Mild honey mustard, but also lemony and just a little sweet. My wife had the homemade Manicotti and I ordered the Ravioli of the week which was stuffed with mushrooms and covered in a cheese sauce. The food was absolutely delicious and the portions were a good medium amount. There are flowers hanging from the ceiling and the decor is very charming. It's a good place to have a romantic dinner, enjoy each others company and have some delicious food.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,8/8/2014,131,324,10,10,7>While the number 314 may not have much meaning to most Yelpers, it is a number that is very near and dear to my heart. I was born on Pi Day, and I'm pretty sure it's the reason I am a nerd to this very day. Because the number holds so much meaning in my heart, it is fitting that my 314th review is for my favorite restaurant in Rochester. I have been here more times than I can count, but somehow I've never written a review. It's a bit funny how that works out, huh?Anways, if you are still reading to this point I commend you for managing to wade through my nonsensical ramblings. Good Luck is many things: a great first date restaurant, a great place to have after work drinks, a perfect place to meet some interesting people on a weekend, and THE place to get an imaginative and delicious meal.Good Luck is basically the perfect restaurant. It has an ambiance about it that is unmatched in Rochester. The lighting is almost always perfect, and the interior and decor make it seem like this place has been around for hundreds of years. Despite the look being a bit on the old school side, the food is definitely anything but old school. The menu is constantly changing, and the specials are always innovative and a must try. Usually when your server reads the specials you just nod your head and act interested, but at Good Luck you are actually eager to hear what you will be eating that night.If you can't settle on a special, you can always fall back on the house specialties. My go to's are the burger(it's ENORMOUS) and the fried chicken. Everything is served family style at Good Luck, so prepare to share. After sharing, prepare to bring home lots of leftovers that you will fight over with your loved ones the next day. If you can't already tell, Good Luck has a special place in my heart, and it's for a good reason. I'm glad this was my 314th review on Yelp, and I'm glad I got to share a few words about one of my favorite restaurants.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,8/7/2014,9,63,2,7,6>To say that I'm surprised how good Signatures at the Humphrey House is would be an understatement. I'm not sure why, after knowing its been under new ownership for a couple of years now. Probably because we haven't had stand out dining in the Penfield Four Corners up until recently (we now have first class sushi and Mexican). My wife and I had a craving for two things and wanted to take care of both at the same time. Great calamari and a great cheeseburger. No problem, right? Well actually it is a problem on a Sunday. Thanks to some fantastic Yelp reviews, we remembered Signatures right down the street from our house. We had never given it a thought to try this place and for that I'm truly sorry. The calamari was flash fried perfectly in a crispy tempura like batter with pickled ginger, bok choy, spring onion and lemongrass aioli. I would have licked my plate if I were home. The cheeseburger I ordered was called the Smoked. It came topped with smoked blue cheese, smoked mayo, smoked bacon, red onion jam, arugula and crispy fried onions. I ordered this bad boy medium rare and this place delivered. It was cooked PERFECTLY and so was my wife's burger and she also ordered medium rare. This is a feat in itself. The burger was not overly smokey, absolutely mouth watering delicious, $13.50 and the burger patty weighs in at one half pound. Worth the money? You bet it was. Served with seasoned steak fries, I feel the cost of admission for a half pound of awesomeness is well worth it. It's been 3 days and I can't stop thinking about this burger. The menu is a gem. Appetizers run form mini crab cakes served with sriracha aioli to risotto tots made with fontina served with a tomato sauce and Parmesan fondue. For entrees there's a great burger menu as well as  pork schnitzel, short rib pot roast, wild game chili, seared scallop salad, Mac and cheese, seasonal risotto etc. Their website says they source ingredients locally. Yay!!!!I'm not big on reviewing service but it was very good. The atmosphere was very nice and I can't wait to go back. By the looks of the menu it will change with the seasons but don't quote me on that statement. Highly recommended. Tip: Make reservations. They can get rather busy and recommend it.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/6/2014,40,167,2,7,6>This place is such a beautiful sight to see with all the trees, hills, fancy old tombstones and nature surrounding it. I come here often for morning walks. A great place to walk,run or bikeride. It has a nice calm serene feeling to it. Today was just a beautiful day to walk there. Sunny, 70 degrees and all those little white fuzzy things flying through the air made me feel like I was in some magical land lol. As strange as it sounds it's kind of a nice place to get away.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,8/5/2014,3,16,1,3,4>We would definitely come back here again!! Fiance got the chicken French, which he devoured. I got the Pasta Bolognese with Mushrooms in Rosa Sauce... Oh.... My.... Goodness!! It came out piping hot, fresh, and delicious!! Every bit of it was amazing! Good service, too!!!!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/4/2014,3,7,,6,3>I used to live in walking distance from Jines so I've been there numerous times, and still go when I can. The main reason I give Jines 4 stars is the breakfast. It's killer. They have options for everyone.  You want to have a food coma in a good way? Order the buckwheat pancakes in a variety of your choice with apple jack syrup. You want an omelet that puts most to shame? All of them are impeccable. They have one with avocado, salsa, bacon, etc, and all ingredients used were of excellent quality and everything is seasoned to perfection. Everything is fresh. They use real maple syrup, the coffee is better than most places where you go to breakfast, you can get cage free organic Eggs,  they have Sugar in the Raw turbinado sugar for your  coffee, bacon is thick cut....these people have breakfast down. The hostess the last time we went could have cared less about her job because she acted like she hates her life, but service here has typically been attentive and courteous. Lunch and dinner here, I won't waste my breath talking about it because it's mediocre. If anything,  go there for breakfast because Jines is doing it right in every way.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2014,8/3/2014,3,18,3,2,2>We went for lunch and it was perfect. The nice view from the roof top is great for relaxing on your lunch break. Service was on point. We had the lunch specials: brisket panini and chicken harvati both very tasty. Only disadvantage was that we had water with our lunch.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,3/18/2013,113,212,,3,2>I finally got a chance to check out Baked & Carved after reading so many positive reviews. It's an interesting set-up since the restaurant shares the same space with an adjacent bar, Salinger's. At first glance, B&C seems like an extension of the bar. They even share an entrance and restrooms. This makes it convenient for the bar-goers to grab a bite. However for people like me just wanting a sandwich, it makes the dine-in experience a bit cumbersome and impersonal. Not a big deal considering the outstanding food quality and friendly service. I was pleasantly surprised by B&C's all-encompassing menu. They have all your deli favorites including turkey, roast beef, corned beef, salami and bologna. They also have pulled pork sandwiches, a variety of panini press cooked burgers and pizzas. So regardless of the your mood, you will likely to find something at B&C to satisfy your carbohydrate craving. The menu is written on hanging chalkboards. It looks artsy, but is actually somewhat difficult to read.  If you're having trouble deciding, you can always go with the special of the day. I ordered a Reuben on Italian Bread. The bread was sliced to order from a freshly baked loaf. Oh what wonderful bread - thick, soft and pillowy. This really made the sandwich great. The corned beef was soft, juicy and the Thousand Island dressing was tangy and on point. The sauerkraut was understated, but complimentary. I don't remember tasting Swiss cheese, but my taste buds were probably just overloaded at the time. Surprisingly, the sandwich was not too messy either. Overall, a great sandwich! Aside from being next to the bar, B&C is a great place for a casual lunch or dinner.  It's also inexpensive, I might add. $9 gets you a sandwich of your choice and 2 sides (chips, pickle, coleslaw). The fresh bread and high-quality meats used at B&C's really sets it apart from other restaurants. It exemplifies what a true deli should strive to be. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,3/17/2013,45,9,5,12,4>Is it possible to give a six star review?  Seven?  Ten?  Pittsford Farms Dairy is unreal.  A trip to the village of Pittsford is wasted without stopping in for a pint of their legendary chocolate milk. Creamy, thick, and milkshake-like in texture, the milk is only the beginning.  PFD also serves fresh coffee, oh-my-god-I've-never-tasted-anything-this-good ice cream and crème brûlée, and desserts and pastries ranging from brownies to Croquembouche. When it's buzzing, the open kitchen is a blast to watch."The Dairy" has become a fixture of life in Rochester.  Homemade coffee isn't up to snuff unless it's topped off with the Dairy's half-and-half.  Expats make it destination #1 before heading to Mom & Dad's for the holidays.  It's good enough to merit an extra stop after shopping for the week's groceries.  Guys, we're talking about MILK here.  Just go.Two bonus notes:1. You can also pick up other classic Rochester foods here.  I've been happy to discover Fizz soda (have you ever even had Fizz soda) and Malek's pastries.2. The Dairy is so, so great for kids.  They bring 2-3 cows out to a small, fenced in pasture near the entrance on sunny days. Visitors are welcome to pet them and take photos.  Plus, kids get sleepy when they've had a lot of milk, right?
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,3/16/2013,164,83,,4,1>I really like this place! I come here once a week for a Spanish meet-up group and we've always been welcomed and received well by the owner. It reminds me a lot of the coffee shops at home in the Bay Area. The shop is divided into several "nooks and crannies" which is functional in that it allows for several types meeting spaces.There is a display of local art, some of which is really nice and others...well, you can tell they worked really hard on it. There are several coffee and tea options, like any other coffee place, but the also have an old school soda machine, which is pretty awesome. The pastries are locally made and tend to run out fairly quickly. Wifi is strong and is always working which doesn't happen all the time in other places.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,3/15/2013,67,135,,6,2>Local, sustainable, affordable, super veg-friendly -- Lettuce B. Frank has it all.  And you can bring the amazing sandwiches and desserts into the Cinema; total win-win.  The owner is such a nice guy and I'm really happy he chose this location.  He said the food truck will be out front Friday and Saturday evenings starting in April; I can't wait to go back to get things from the grill.  But for now -- I'm totally happy with the turkey/apple/cheddar sandwich, and the sweet potato focaccia bread is a must-try for $3!There's only a few small tables inside, but most people get take-out.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,3/14/2013,80,59,,2,1>I recently had the pleasure of going to Dorado with some of my friends this past weekend, and I found the experience to be quite enjoyable. I definitely plan on going back.The restaurant as many have mentioned is small. This didn't really bother me that much since I came with a small group and we were seated immediately since the restaurant wasn't busy. I thought that the place seemed pretty quaint. I think that this place seems great for taking a date. In fact I think the next time I go I will probably bring the boy.I noticed that there was only one server working when we there. She was both serving and mixing drinks. At the end of our visit, a bunch of people came in and sat at the bar and she was busy making them drinks so we ended up having to go up to her to pay our bill. Regardless she was nice and helpful, and I understand that restaurants can get hectic. I had the Carne Asada and thought it was pretty good. The steak was tender and not overly chewy, which is a huge fear for me when ordering steak. My friend got the Cast Iron Enchiladas with beef. I thought hers was very delicious and ended up stealing the rest of it when she got full. My other friend got the Mole Chicken, I only tried a bit of it but it seemed pretty good. I was very impressed with their drink menu. It was huge, and made me want to try all of it. The specialty drinks especially caught my eye. All of the flavored Margaritas and Mojitos really fueled my delicious girly drink desires.Unfortunately I did not get the pleasure of trying any this time around, but I intend to next time I go, and I will be sure to write a review on them. All of my friends loved this place. We are all frequent Salena's attendees, and talked about how this place might end up competing them for our place to go when we need a Mexican fix.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,3/13/2013,37,139,,4,3>Went to Donnelly's on a whim a few weeks ago with my friends. First time being here and I was impressed. We got there around 6pm on a Saturday night expecting it to be packed to the brim and no chance to get a table. However, we were seated within 10 minutes. Within that time, I went to the bar and got a Goose Island Bourbon County Stout and a GI DIPA without any wait time. The bartender was very friendly and quick despite running the 25+ tap bar with at least 20-30 people around by herself. Once we were seated, our waitress tended to us on a regular basis and was very friendly and even took the time to chat with us about beers.Before I continue, I should mention that the atmosphere is very relaxed and casual. I saw middle aged couples in sweaters and cardigans having a nice dinner for two, a family of five with a little one in a high chair, younger folk like us at the bar and at some tables, and older folk in polos and dressier styles enjoying a glass of wine and some Bourbon County as well. This place is pretty roomy. When you walk in, the bar is to the left and runs along almost the entire wall. The coats and restrooms are on the immediate right. There is a dining area straight ahead and if you move forward past maybe 3 or 4 tables, you turn a corner to the right and there is another dining area with at least 6 or 7 tables along the window, with some more seating area away from the window. We got a table in this area. The walls and floors are mainly wood, not dark stained like mahogany or cherry, but not as light as blonde maple either. There is a ye olde Irish pub feel to the establishment, I guess warm and quaint will describe it satisfactorily. The music is not too loud and there are a few flat screens at the bar for those interested. For a pub/bar, the volume is actually lower than most other places. Kudos.The food selection isn't extensive, but there is enough selection to please almost any palate and appetite. There is half a page of appetizers, maybe 15 different selections, along with soups and salads. We got the pulled pork nachos as an appetizer, which was very smoky, but delicious. For $10, though, I wish the portion was bigger, but no fault there as it was quite tasty. For the record, they smoke their own pulled pork and ham in-house. The entree selections take up a whole page and there are at least 20 different things from which to choose, mostly sandwiches, wraps, but also some steaks and other items as well. I got the Pittsburgh special sandwich, which is a half pound burger with pulled pork on top with dressings on a pretzel roll. Quite delicious. It came with fries and those were very crispy and not too salted for my liking. My fiancee got the Donnelly's wrap, which was very tasty as well, but the kettle chips were a bit too salty for our taste. My friend got the prime rib special, which looked quite delectable, with a seafood chowder and my other friend got the pierogies. Very good food overall.As far as the beer is concerned, they have a pretty extensive tap selection compared to most other bars. Gems like Saphir Bock and Bourbon County show up here every now and then, as well as Firestone Walker, but they almost always have a great standard craft selection like Brooklyn, Southern Tier, other Goose Island beers, Bear Republic, Middle Ages, Blue Point, etc. Not much going on as far as a bottle list is concerned though.Overall, I thought this bar is one of the best pub-style hangouts in the Rochester area. Their selection of brews are not as extensive as that of MacGregor's in Henrietta, but the good service, atmosphere, and food trumps the need for 120 different taps in my opinion. I enjoy the fact that we can go there on a Saturday evening and still get quick and good service despite being relatively busy. I do recommend this place to anyone in the area. I will mention as well that I have been back here several times since and have been quite pleased each time. I rate this as a 4.75. This place is really fantastic. What would bump it up to a 5? Add some Belgian specialties such as lambics and geuze beers :)
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,3/12/2013,16,22,,3,1>No artificial colors, flavors or preservatives; just a little ball of sugary deliciousness ready to negate all of your hours at the gym.  The cupcakes are phenomenal.  Hands down they are the best I've ever had, anywhere, and the selection just keeps growing.  The food is pretty good as well, especially the soups.  The staff  members are all super friendly and more than willing to go the extra mile to make your visit enjoyable, even when they have a line out the door... which is more often than not on a weekend.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,3/11/2013,28,33,,3,2>Coffees, teas, 'blendaritas', and more. Awesome desserts. The 'Cranberry Bleu' which is a bed of spinach with craisins, crumbled blue cheese, these awesome candied walnuts, and raspberry vinaigrette is yummy. Oh, and they serve it with this grilled flat bread that is sooo good as well. I usually get that or the 'Westside' panini (turkey, mozzarella, lettuce, and onions on foccacia). They also have THE best lobster bisque ever. I swear this lobster bisque is better than you would think red lobsters should be.  Unfortunately they only have it on Fridays but it is well worth waiting until them to get some. Cute and classy little place with the artsy feel. It has an outside sitting area too, which Ipersonally am not too fond of. I don't know it is just kind of dull for the outside of a coffee shop to me, and it is in between the coffee shop itself and like a hardware store? Other than that I love Leaf n Bean, and my best friend and I who both don't live far from it have been meeting here since high school to catch up and have our 'girl talk' over something tasty! It is 5 minutes away from my apartment, so I can get the downtown coffee shop feel without driving very far.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/10/2013,65,54,,3,1>Bernunzio has a very impressive selection of guitars and other music instruments, new, used, and collectible.  From the moment you walk in the door and see the hundreds of guitars hanging from the wall, you want to become a rockstar... or at least I do.  But, of course, my musical talent consists of operating the scroll wheel on my iPod (just kidding, I'm an Android guy).  So, I can't really speak too much in terms of their selection of musical equipment.But, I can say they have really great live music events quite often.  Just recently, I went to see one of my favorite Rochester original artists, rap duo Garden Fresh.  Normally, at most venues when I go to see them, it's really crowded and dark and my feet keep getting stuck on the sticky floor.  So I loved their show at Bernunzio.  Not only are there folding chairs if you arrive early enough to get one, but they're those fancy ones with really thick padding so your butt doesn't hurt after sitting on them for a couple of hours. In addition to their live shows, they also have jam sessions for artists to rock out.  And, if you don't have an instrument, I'm sure they'd be happy to get you started.I really appreciate that there's a locally owned place for musicians to get quality instruments, but even more than that, that someone musically un-talented like me can also go there and listen to some really great live music.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,3/9/2013,37,8,,2,1>Likely one of the best steakhouses in Rochester. I have loved almost everything I've tried, but I must say that if you're going for steak, go for the dry aged. My first time there I made the mistake of ordering the filet, which is what I usually order at steakhouses. My boyfriend on the other hand went for the dry aged t-bone. Let's just say I was extremely jealous of his entree that night as I continually mooched pieces of his steak from his plate =). Other than steak, their Brussels sprouts are perfectly roasted with bits of heavenly caramelized goodness. The steak carpaccio is "OK", but not my favorite, but they get points for creativity as they serve it rolled in fresh mozzarella... which is rather interesting... I mean is that really carpaccio? I felt like mozzarella and generous amounts of seasonings drowned out the actual beef itself. Like I said - creative, but it wasn't what I was expecting when ordering carpaccio.  Another fun fact - the seafood is flown in fresh from Hawaii daily. I've only ever had the tuna from ordering tuna tartare, oysters and other seafood appetizers because every time I think about ordering something different as an entree I change my mind last minute and go for the dry aged steak again. It's just that good. Tournedos offers an extensive wine list as well for all you fellow winos out there. The service is excellent. Your chair is pulled out for you, silverware is replaced as you use it, and the servers are very knowledgeable and offer fab suggestions. The atmosphere is somewhat geriatric, but nonetheless classic, refined, and perfect for a romantic date night.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,11/4/2013,21,18,,2,1>We enjoy our afternoon here by having lunch special and an afternoon tea. Food was awesome, service was great and price was reasonable. Parking isn't a problem cause they have customer designated parking right across the street. Will certainly go again! Highly recommend
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,11/3/2013,5,3,2,2,3>loved it! cannot wait to go back. while myself and buddy played it safe, I had the Bulgogi, but it was very very tasty and im looking forward to trying it all (really want the squid Bokum, and try the pancake). also, the location leaves something to be desired but i tend to find some of the best food in the oddest locations.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/2/2013,0,4,,10,4>I've never written a Yelp review before, but I'm creating an account for the first time just so I can say how much I love Cheryl and her Kitty B&B.This past week is the second time I've turned to Cheryl to board my cat Lola. The first time around I was just as impressed with everything as the others who left reviews. Cheryl's home is clean, spacious for the kitties, and just darling. Her bedrooms are particularly beautiful, accompanied with human-size furniture and even a bed for the cats to feel comfortable and at home. Cheryl is amazingly sweet, and I trusted her 100% from the beginning, my satisfaction with her services becoming even greater with her consistent text messages and pictures of Lola to ease my mind while I was away. As a pet owner who sees their little ball of fur more like a child than an animal, this meant the world to me, and Lola seemed happy to be getting so much love and attention while I was away.The second time I boarded Lola with Cheryl I was much more at ease, knowing that Lola would be familiar with her surroundings and loved spending time with Cheryl. While my family was away, a pet-owners' worst nightmare happened: Lola got sick. She ended up having crystals in her urine, and because of Cheryl's wonderful care and attention to her, Cheryl was able to notice Lola struggling to urinate early on, and called me right away to voice her concerns. With my permission, Cheryl took Lola to the vet indicated on the paperwork I had left with her. The vet kept Lola overnight for observation, and Cheryl returned the next day to get her and pick up her medication. Cheryl then spent the rest of the week updating me about Lola's condition, letting me know that she was improving, that she was taking the medicine easily, etc. I can't tell you how much this meant to me, being over 2,000 miles away and knowing that Lola was in the best hands possible while she was sick and I couldn't be there for her. Cheryl was an angel and went above and beyond what I could have expected to make sure my pet was taken amazing care of.At the end of the day, all I can say is wow. Cheryl truly loves animals and it's clear how much she enjoys her job. What more could you ask than to leave your pet with someone as capable and wonderful as her?Thank you Cheryl! You are so very appreciated. :)
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,11/1/2013,8,8,,4,3>This is a great new addition to the Corn Hill Landing neighborhood, and I hope it thrives there. My wife and I just had our first experience at the place this morning for breakfast. I had the bruschetta omelette with seasoned potatoes, and she had the harvest lite sandwich with potatoes as well. Both dishes were fresh, inspired, and in the case of my omelette, utterly unique. Oh, and if you're a breakfast potato fan (and who isn't?), their potatoes are perfect. Sublime. I want to eat them always and may order a double portion next time!Also, my wife assures me the coffee is fantastic. I only have two minor criticisms, and for a place that's been open for a week, I think that's great news. First, while I'm okay with toast being an extra you need to pay for, it shouldn't be $2 for one slice. It was good bread, and I get that it costs money, but make it two slices or reduce that cost to $1.50. Secondly, the water for my hot tea was not really hot. I know you don't want to scald tea, but water just north of lukewarm doesn't cut it.But those problems are fleetingly small. We will absolutely be back - in fact, Harvest Cafe will definitely be put on regular rotation with Highland Diner and Jay's. After all, this place is wholly different from those two.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,10/31/2013,19,60,,4,1>I've been a member for almost a year now and really love the place. It's a family business not a chain and I can really tell the difference. They have a nice old fashioned indoor lap pool (it really has to be from the 40s or something) which is great since many gyms do not have pools, and if they do, they're expensive. Plenty of cardio equipment, and the absolute best classes! Everyone is so friendly, plus they change up the schedule every couple months to keep the body guessing. Others have mentioned the rather drab, utilitarian decor, but I actually like it. It's homey. No one is snobby, and I have yet to meet a jerky member. Give it a try!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,10/30/2013,22,7,,2,2>I have enjoyed every meal I've had here. Whether I'm here with my family, a colleague, or on my own, I've generally had good service and the food has been very good. They've been accommodating with my son, readily modifying menu items to meet his tastes.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,10/29/2013,50,223,,7,4>I stopped in on a Tuesday this week to shop for some fresh produce.  I have to say, I've never been on a Tuesday, and it was quite pleasant.  The number of vendors was small, BUT there was still a great selection.  I got some really good apples and peaches (the donut peaches are heavenly), and some excellent-looking tomatoes from McCracken Farms.  The crowd is small, and the parking plentiful.  It is great if you are free during the week, and only looking to get produce.  This is definitely not your Saturday morning experience - but I loved it anyways!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,10/28/2013,7,14,2,4,3>I have been visiting Dibella's in Henrietta for almost 20 years now, long before they were at their current location on Jefferson Ave. While so much has changed in this world over that time span, Dibella's is still making incredible sandwiches at a fair price.At this point I've tried just about every combination of sandwich from here but I always go back to the roast beef sub(cold or warm, both awesome!0. I don't know if they still use Red Osier's beef like they used to, but this sandwich has never disappointed me. The meat and topping are always superbly fresh and the portions offered are ridiculous. Like others have said, a small sub can conservatively feed 2 people and a large can liberally feed an entire room. Atmosphere in the dining area is great, especially at this new location. There are plenty of booths along the windows, which is where I like to sit. My only knock would be the inconsistent service I receive ever since they moved to the new location. It is staffed mostly be kids, which is fine, however it seems every one out of 3 time I get someone who is disinterested and just throws the sandwich together without much regard for presentation. Maybe Im nitpicking but for a $10 sandwich I do expect a little bit more than meat bread and cheese.Overall, Dibella's is awesome and the quintessential Rochester sandwich shop.  Order any of their specialty sandwiches and you won't regret it!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,10/27/2013,8,28,,4,3>Very cute little chocolate shop! I've driven by Affaire De Chocolat so many times on my way through Penfield but I'm glad I finally took the time to stop in and check it out. Right when I entered, I could see the employee, who I think might have been the owner, dipping chocolates in the back. Everything in the store is fresh and made in-house -  and for a small store, they pack a lot of chocolate in there. There were plenty of chocolate barks in various flavors, some shaped chocolates, truffles, chocolate covered oreos and hot chocolate mixes, with little samples scattered throughout the store for tasting. I ended up leaving with some pretty peanut butter truffles ($2 per) and a bag of milk chocolate cashew bark, which really hit my sweet & salty craving. it's a great place to pick up a treat or a gift - and watch for their events, too! A flyer I picked up on the way out showed a few upcoming wine & chocolate tastings.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,10/26/2013,28,135,,4,3>Very quiet, relaxed atmosphere, knowledgeable, attentive staff that know how to attend to a table, and great food.  Incredibly fresh, warm, crusty bread served with seasoned olive oil and two roasted garlic cloves...I wished there had been more, but seriously probably the best bread I've been served in Rochester.  I ordered beef carpaccio app.  Wife did not realize it was basically thinly sliced raw beef, so only sampled a bit.  I ate the rest and found it delicious.  Wife ordered the special salad with mixed greens and Maytag blue.  I had the spinach salad with warm bacon dressing.  Both were excellent.  We shared a great bottle of Rodney Strong Merlot, we took the rest with us we liked it so much.  She ordered filet and I ordered the 16 oz dry aged porterhouse.  This steak was great, crusty and salty exterior, and medium rare with red center.  Its not a cut I normally order, but I rarely order steak, it just seemed obligatory here.  My only complaint is there was a fair amount of cutting involved to get rid of the fat and bone, but that it just the nature of a porterhouse I suppose.  I thought it was a very good steak.  Wife enjoyed her filet but didn't think it was any better than we make at home.  Of course when you're paying $40 or $50 for a steak, you have high expectations.  We shared maple mashed sweet potatoes which were buttery and delicious, but too sweet for our taste and almost could have been a dessert.   Overall, very enjoyable, but super pricey.  One app, two salads, two steaks, sweet potatoes, bottle of wine and 20 percent tip was just over $200.  I would come back, but prob only for a special occasion.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,5/28/2013,7,16,1,2,2>Last summer, I would go to Boulder every morning to grab a $1 coffee with my discount mug and get some studying done. They typically brew different flavors each day so there is always something new to try. While there are several comfy couches and armchairs inside, there are quite a few tables outside to use on a nice day.I'm not big into much beyond the typical cup of coffee or cappuccino, but I did try one of Boulder's Irish coffees once which was pretty good. I would avoid ordering their hot tea. I've ordered their wraps and sandwiches on occasion. Besides being a bit oily and the lack of a healthier side besides potato chips, they were all great.I no longer live walking distance from the Park Ave. Boulder, but I frequently revisit to get some work done or chat up with a friend.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,5/27/2013,23,22,,4,2>I just got back from lunch at Brimont and really enjoyed it. I'd love to give this 4.5 stars because it is quite great. The atmosphere is very pleasant and the food is is spot on. I ordered the Northport Delight (honey maple turkey, swiss cheese, bacon, tomato, and homemade coleslaw on a hard roll) which was delicious and filling. The only reason why I wouldn't offer 5 stars was that the food took a while to come out. I'd still highly recommend checking it out, either for a longer lunch or I'm certain dinner would be just as exceptional.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,5/26/2013,5,5,2,5,2>I have been waiting for this place to open for months and I was not disappointed. I remember this place when it was a dirty Chinese take out place. The shop has a completely different look and is so clean. When I came in I was greeted right away, and when I asked about the menu they were very helpful. Before I get into the food I just want to say that all the staff is very friendly. I ordered the Chicken roll and the Chicken hot bun. The chicken roll reminds me of a Chinese pancake, it is soft and crispy. The chicken filling was to die for it had picked onion and was a little spicy. The Hot bun was also fantastical, it was tender chicken with coleslaw, a pickle and bacon. the sauce was amazing. I plan on coming back here and bringing everyone I know
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,5/25/2013,4,11,,1,1>My favorite cinema in Rochester! The monthly programs combines old films, new films, foreign films, documentaries, cult classics, etc. I also love that they spotlight certain directors and periods.Last night was the first time I've been since the renovation and I loved the theatre even more than I did before ( yay new seats!!!).
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,5/24/2013,113,212,4,4,3>Rating is strictly based on the carrot cake. Got the carrot cake to-go in a 5 x 7 inch tin  for $10. The person taking my order was very pleasant. Pretty much the best carrot cake i've had in awhile. It was my contribution to a Cinco De Mayo party. Unfortunately everyone at the party was too intoxicated to really get to the dessert, so I couldn't gauge their opinion of the cake. However, I wasn't about to bring cake to a party and not eat it. I ended up eating half the tin.Soft, moist and sweet. Rich, airy and not overwhelmed by frosting. I had trouble stopping myself from eating the entire tin. I'll definitely be back to try their other offerings. Instead of ice cream, maybe carrot cake will be my new guilty pleasure.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,5/23/2013,164,83,3,5,3>There are several Jamaican restaurants in Rochester, and this is the first one that Ive been to. Peppa Pot is located in a neighborhood in the south wedge, that is fairly easy to find. My friend and I had the brown stewed chicken which came with rice and peas (which were a little dry) a biscuit, plantains and steamed veggies.The food was good and the service was pretty good. There are staples they serve throughout the week, and not on the weekends. I was looking forward to some beef patties but, apparently they don't serve them on the weekends. I really wanted a beef patty. Besides that, this place was pretty good. Suggestion: sell patties every day!
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,5/22/2013,12,6,2,4,2>Went there on a spur of the moment thing, and boy color me surprised.  The food was absolutely delicious.  It's a bit pricey, but adequate for the homemade food and the portions are huge.  You definately get more than what you paid for and you can't beat how good the food was.  The place is a bit small, therefore you'll be sitting pretty close to your neighbor, but that's ok.  We certainly had a nice conversation going back and forth, as well as discussing different plates.  Will definately do again.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,5/21/2013,84,227,,6,3>Macarons have been one of the trendy foods in the patisserie world the last few years and Rochester has been late to pick up on it until recently. Even now, there are few places that traffic in these dynamic confections and, in my opinion, we need more of them in town. For the uninitiated, macarons are essentially 2 meringue based cookies sandwiched around a filling that is typically butter cream, but can be anything including ganache or a jelly or the like. Bake It or Cleave It is one of the few places that whips them up in Rochester and the ladies there do a darn good job.I first heard of Bake It or Cleave It in the Rochester City Paper a few months back and was really excited about the macarons and the concept in general. Angie and Hannah started their business as catering/delivery to try and get a foothold before attempting to open their own shop which in this day and age makes a ton of sense. I held off for a while (yay for restraint!) and make our first order a selection of 5 different flavours of macarons around Valentine's Day to share with my fiancée. The best macaron combines cookies that are all at once crunchy, airy and chewy that give way to a rich, sweet filling and offer up a punch of flavor. They require a deft touch with the flavoring and skills in baking to make them just right. In general, the balance between filling and cookie was good and the cookies had the right amount of give and chew. A couple were a bit airy and a couple had a bit too much filling but we were quite happy with the quality of the macarons. A few tasting notes on the varieties we tried:Maple bacon --- A bit too sweet for our tastes but the sweet, salty and smoky combination worked and the bacon was surprisingly crispyDark chocolate espresso --- strong showing here for both the well defined chocolate and the espresso. Good stuff!Peppermint mocha --- like the best combination of a girl scout cookie with real mint and good chocolateSalted caramel --- plenty of salt for a salt fiend like me (even little crunchy bits) and light caramel taste. Probably my 2nd favorite behind the dark chocolate espresso.Orange chipotle --- decent amount of heat and citrus. Kind of an odd combination but it worked well and we enjoyed it.Since they don't have a storefront yet, the macarons were delivered by one of the ladies running the business. Very pleasant and prompt based on the time we agreed on and the treats were nicely chilled to keep them as fresh as possible. Bake It or Cleave It also offers a bunch of other treats on their site including cotton candy, mini pies, and other confections and we'll definitely be ordering more from them in the future. Good luck ladies!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,5/20/2013,67,135,3,8,2>Do you watch House of Cards?  Then you can imagine perfectly the hole-in-the-wall, best-ribs-you've-ever-had joint that is the Texas Blues BBQ.This is not a place I'd take a date.  In fact, I wouldn't take some of my prissier friends.  It's cramped and divey beyond belief (and possibly beyond firecode ... ). But the ribs!  You can hardly lift them off the plate without the meat sliding right off the bone.  On Mondays and Tuesday, you can get a half rack of ribs, two sides, corn bread, and a can of soda for $12.  (Yes, a can of soda -- I told you this place was not high-brow.)  We ordered this (called the "bazinga!" special) and a Blues sandwich with pulled pork -- bacon, bleu cheese, fried onions.  Both were delectable.  The sweet potato fries were pretty standard, except they were covered in copious amounts of black pepper.  Excellent with ketchup, but I wish I could've tried them with honey (in fairness -- didn't ask if they had it).  The beans were very BBQ-y and had a great texture to them; definitely not canned mush.  And the corn bread was cake-like and extra amazing.All the food was bordering on "over seasoned," so be ready for a swift kick to the mouth.Service:  The guy who took our order was super-outgoing, goofy, and nice.  We ordered at the counter, and two minutes later the food was passed out to us.  A few minutes after that, the guy came out to check on us -- by which point we were completely done with our meals, because, well, we tore through them like hyenas.  I have one big problem with Texas Blues BBQ ... I'm not sure I can ever get ribs from Sticky Lips again.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,5/19/2013,39,86,,2,2>Service: They are usually busy with a wait to get in and again once seated at your table. However, the servers are professional if not overly attentive. The food: hummus is divine, pitas fresh and soft. The food is fresh & healthy. Dessert menu is ever-changing and you will have to ask what is available. Ambiance: sitting along the canal on the deck is the place to be. We even held our rehearsal dinner on Alladin's deck. Gorgeous & relaxing.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2013,2/22/2014,113,212,,8,5>My favorite coffee shop in Rochester. In my opinion, Java's Cafe offers the perfect combination of good coffee and ambiance. I would come here more often if it were closer to my apartment. Unfortunately it's a bit of a drive and so I end up going to Boulder Coffee instead. Other than Joe Bean, I think Java's serves up the best coffee in town. Their house brew coffees are usually on the lighter-side, although i'm sure they have darker, bolder options too. My friend once ordered the Turkish coffee served in a brass ibriq/cezve. It had the consistency and appearance of tar. Definitely not for the faint of heart and the caffeine sensitive, but it an impressive sight to behold.They also have a variety of teas and hot chocolate infused drinks. I'll definitely be back to try them. Another thing about Java's that's often overlooked are their sandwiches. Don't let their prepackaged plastic wrapped appearance fool you. They are yummy! I hear good things about their baked goods as well. The food and drink combined with the quiet, cozy atmosphere make it a perfect place to read and get some work done. The interior is dimly lit, but natural light comes in through the windows during the day and it is not usually a problem. With that said, I have not been to Java's at night.The other awesome thing about Java's is their outdoor seating. It really is the perfect place to drink coffee, catch some sun and people watch. There is an eclectic crowd that comes through Java's, including students, artists, musicians, hipsters and hobos. Time goes by pretty quickly when you're sitting out there.My only gripes are the dim lighting and the dearth of power outlets. Maybe I haven't been looking hard enough. But other places like Spot and Boulder Coffee have an advantage in this regard.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,2/21/2014,65,118,5,5,6>Dear Bessie,I'm writing to let you know that your death was not in vain.  You were treated with honor and care by the kitchen staff who prepared and served you as the most delicious burger to be found in Rochester.  You were cooked perfectly - a juicy, loosely packed, and perfectly seasoned pound of heavenly meat sandwiched between two toasted buns.  You were enormous, but my friends and I devoured you and the fresh fries served alongside.  The unexpected ketchup/mayo/brandy concoction bore you into our bellies with style.Bottom line: you were appreciated, the undisputed star of our meal.The other suitors that tried to stand up to your glory were tasty as well.  Rabbit ragout over beet cavatelli, fried bologna with Gruyere and pear mustard on marbled rye, pan-seared chicken on a brick, dill and lemon trout.  All were good, solid dishes that didn't disappoint.  But these were backup dancers that just made you look all the better.Drinks were innovative mixes that tickled the taste buds. It was too easy to empty our wallets as we dove deeper into the drink list.The meal, just like every Good Luck meal before it, was a phenomenal experience.  We will be back for more and I hope you have friends.Sincerely,Evan(My husband agreed to guest write this wonderful, funny and accurate Good Luck review. When I heard his concept for the review, I knew it was a must-publish.)
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,2/20/2014,67,135,2,10,5>The Little is one of my favorite local movie theatres because if it's showing there, I probably want to see it.  Art house, indy, local film festivals -- it's a film-lover's dream.  The Little is all about atmosphere, and there's nothing better than this place when it comes to fostering the Rochester family of movie-lovers.  And you can get a soup or sandwich at the local cafe and have your dinner in front of the big screen (but leave at least 15 minutes for them to prep it before your movie).  Tickets to regular shows are never more than $8, and there are two ways to get deals:  you can buy a 5-pack of vouches for $35 (they never expire) or you can go on Mondays, when admission is only $5.  There are also a ton of member benefits, including a late-night option that will get you into any of their later showings (starting around 9pm) for the grand old price of F-R-E-E.  The best thing about The Little?  Every year, they show the Animated and the Live Action Oscar-Nominated Shorts usually around 3 weeks before the Oscars.  If you've never seen them, it's a fantastic way to expose yourself to a bunch of new films.  After all, if you can see five movies in one sitting -- you're sure to like at least one of them!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,2/19/2014,164,83,2,6,5>I've only been to Johnny's once, but now that I will be heading back to the ROC I will definitely become a regular. I frequent the laundromat that shares parking with Johnny's, so I decided to go in and check it out. There is a happy hour menu on select days as well as a regular line up of live performers. The food is fresh and the staff is very attentive. When I walked in it felt like what I would imagine Cheers felt like. A place where everyone knows or would like to know your name, smack dab in the middle of the neighborhood with none of the pretension the bars on park ave have, but all the character. Regular order their regulars and newbies find a home.It is a bit divey, a little dark and dingy, but not seedy, which makes all the difference.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/18/2014,76,266,6,12,9>One of my best Yelp sourced finds to date! Props to 2 of my most trusted Yelpers (Kimberly and Hope) for pointing me towards this place.A couple of friends and I decided to check out Original Steve's on a wintry Sunday. There was already a small line when we got here but we were seated within 10 minutes (we later realized how lucky we were when we noticed in the middle of our meal that the line was snaking out the door).We shared the Chocolate Chip cookie dough "Love Cake" (also known as a 12 inch pancake that should really be doused with hot fudge and ice cream and be called sweet, sweet dessert), Eggs in Wonderland (Eggs Benedict with mushrooms and cheese instead of ham), Heaping Helping of Hash (eggs over hash, home fries, toast), cinnamon french toast and Greek fries (steak fries topped with oregano, feta, lemon zest and olive oil).The hash was the most remarkable thing for me. I usually am not a fan of it but the version here is so good. It was charred well and walked the line between fatty and flavourful. The pancake was nothing at scoff at either - fluffy and full of pockets of cookie dough. It is so huge and I love that you can just order 1. The Greek fries needed an extra squeeze of lemon to achieve the tartness I like but otherwise was excellent. The eggs in the Eggs Benedict were poached perfectly. Really, everything was quite solid. The only thing I would change is to get the home fries extra crispy next time.The coffee here was excellent (and they carry my favourite Jamaican Me Crazy flavour!). Despite being slammed by the Sunday brunch crowd, my mug never got to be more than half empty. The servers here are that good while remaining completely friendly and never making the guests feel rushed. Also, I was impressed by how quickly food was flying out of the kitchen given the constant volume. Whoever Steve is, he is doing a great job running that kitchen!The only drawback to this place is the long lines due to their popularity but tiny dining space. So, I do recommend going with no more than 4 people total. There were parties of 6-8 people waiting and it was just a challenge for that many seats to be open at once.I already have the order for my next visit ready - Heaping Helping of Hash and whoever comes with me will be forced to share the Nutella stuffed French toast. Can't wait!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,2/17/2014,84,227,,8,4>For whatever reason, I tend to head toward the Asian or Latin cuisines when I'm hunting for comfort foods instead of the traditional American versions. My guess is that they all seem exotic to someone who grew up in a white bread suburb unlike dishes like fried chicken that got overexposed through corporate entities like KFC. Unsurprisingly that turned me off the whole concept for a long time and only recently have I made an effort to revisit fried chicken. BC's Chicken Coop has a strong reputation of being one of the better chicken places around the Rochester area so we made a trip up to see what they were all about.BC's is located in Webster just off of 104 on Rt 250 in a small converted pizza place and they have been offering their take on fried chicken to the community for almost three years now. Since this was our first visit, we went for their most popular option which according to the owners is their 6 piece dinner with 2 sides called the Large Clutch and took a seat outside while we waited. Since all of their chicken is delivered fresh and unfrozen from Palmer's and fried to order, there is a wait for your food but in my opinion completely worth it.We went with their basic selection of pieces (two breasts, two thighs a drumstick and a wing section), mashed potatoes, mac and cheese and house made chips (our free side with a Yelp check in) as our feed bags (their name for sides). Due to their dry rub and marinade process, the varying cuts of chicken came out tender (white and dark meats) and well flavored not only in the skin but the meat itself as well. The meat has a distinct orange color to it due to one of the seasonings and had plenty of salt throughout for my tastes. The coated skin was all over crisp, not as greasy as would be expected and addictive. Damn good meat overall.We sampled three of their sauces with our chicken; house BBQ, Coop sauce and Flaming Feathers. The house BBQ was an upgraded version of a classic bottled sauce and the Coop sauce was dark, sweet and tangy. Both were a bit too sweet for my tastes but not unpleasant. The Flaming Feathers was dynamite with some solid vinegar and chili kick. It kind of reminded me of Huy Fong chili garlic sauce and was a good accompaniment to the chicken, chips and some tamales the following day. I'd definitely want to buy this sauce on it's own!House made chips were easily the highlight of the sides that we got. Thick cut potatoes fried to a strong crisp and seasoned with their own seasoning mix were top notch in every aspect. Leftovers even stayed crisp overnight which was impressive. The mac and cheese had a smooth, relatively mild sauce and, although it wasn't a standout, was satisfactory. Mashed potatoes had decent seasoning and texture but came out a bit cold and were the weakest of the three sides. Corn muffins were also included and a good balance between sweet and salty. Right up my alley consistency wise as well.We spent some time chatting with both of the owners about their business and also a bunch about life in general. When you go visit BC's don't be surprised if you find yourself having an energetic conversation along with some of the best fried chicken in the area!Note: Their menu also has a number of different sauces, breaded wings, gluten free items and ribs. For pictures and comments please see my review at Food About Town.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/16/2014,131,324,3,6,3>I feel like I have been giving out a lot more 5 star reviews than normal, but when you earn one, you earn one. America's Best offers a $69 deal for 2 pairs of glasses and an eye exam, which is unheard of. I assumed this was some type of bait and switch deal, but boy was I mistaken. They also offer a $99 deal where you get free eye exams for 3 years and 20% off contacts or glasses during that time. Did I mention the fact that they match any competitors prices when it comes to contacts? Yes, they did that for me. I got to leave the store with a year's supply of contacts, 2 pairs of glasses and both eye exams for just over $300. How is that even possible? If I could kiss a business I would, but I feel like that is violating some trade law.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/15/2014,1,10,,4,4>Awesome food! I mad at myself for waiting to try this place. I went here for lunch on an impulse with two coworkers and I received big kudos for finding a new "regular" on our lunch circuit. The polish platter was a lot of food but it was a great way to try a little of everything.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/14/2014,4,12,,6,4>My husband and I love Jim's! We go at least 2 Sundays a month, if not more! The place is quaint and small, usually always pretty full but we've only waited for a table maybe twice. Their menu is very full and there is always a board full of specials. The waitresses there are very pleasant and attentive. Our average bill is $12. We love Jim's!!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,2/13/2014,35,203,,4,2>Spicy chicken meatballs with red pepper sauce. Deep fried mashed potatoes with creamy Parmesan sauce, creamed spinach and all with a spork. Amazing food. Beautiful space. My new favorite place.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,6/3/2014,27,39,2,4,3>I recommend the French dip here. It's my go to sandwich. People I know love the bee sting wing sauce here.  They have darts, golden tee, a spacious bar, lots of tvs forSports. Great bar. Slightly above average food for a bar. Sometimes the help is slow but its because they are sometimes slammed on patrons.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,6/2/2014,3,2,4,5,4>My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this place once we realized the old restaurant had closed. We began frequenting the place for their dinner menu (goat cheese quesadillas and fish tacos being among our favorites). Once we learned of their brunch menu, we've been hooked ever since. Being fans of a spin on traditional dishes, we were highly impressed with Wylie Chayote's breakfast flair. Their huevos divorcianados and pierogies with eggs are unmatched by anything similar we've tried. The hand squeezed orange juice is a must as well. They also have the best hash and double smoked bacon in the county. We hope that Wylie Chayote's finds success in Spencerport so that we can continue our new Mexican brunch tradition. We constantly tell people about the food and how great it is. Everyone should try Wylie Chayote's at least once for yourself. You've never lived unless you've eaten here.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/1/2014,78,50,4,4,6>Record Archive, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways...1. Great selection of vinyl, CDs, gifts, etc. I almost bought a pink tambourine, I'm kicking myself because I passed it up!2. They have awesome special events.  Lately I went to an art opening there for Dude's Night Out, as well as Record Store Day.  I enjoy drinking beer in a record store.3. Having a love for movies like Empire Records and High Fidelity, how could you not love the Record Archive?I love to keep it local in Rochester, and the Record Archive helps me do just that!  I swear I could browse the store for hours, but I that would be considered loitering.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,5/31/2014,22,30,2,6,4>It's great that vegetable, rice cake and some other stuffs come with the soup, so you don't have to order another plate of vegetable. Never tried spicy soup/broth. In China there's large hot pot per table (instead of per person) and the pot is usually divided into 2 sections: spicy and not spicy. The dipping sauce is the most important part of hot pot, although in Sichuan and Chongqin, the places famous for hot pot and other spicy dishes, people don't have dipping sauce. I usually choose "fermented bean curd"+sesame oil+garlic. Sometimes sesame sauce+a little soybean sauce+sesame oil. The most ordinary is soybean sauce+Chinese vinegar, which is also used for dumplings. I don't remember whether there's Shacha sauce in the bar, this sauce is from Fujian and usually used for noodles, and also good for hot pot.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,5/30/2014,29,55,,4,1>The Rochester Brainery is a rustic styled space where anybody can come and learn about something new...too cool. It's situated in the Neighborhood of Arts, within The Village Gate. The parking at Village Gate is a royal butt pain to figure out if you get here anytime after 9am...but with a little extra attention to signage you'll find it just fine. Arrive about 15 minutes before your class time just to be safe... I went here a few months ago for a...ok laugh if you want..."Cats 101" seminar and I loved it! The speaker was a knowledgeable woman who was head of the behavioral unit at Lollypop Farm. The prices for classes are surprisingly cheap for the seminars and renting space they provide! I check the website every month for the new classes they have going on. It NEVER hurts to learn something new! I commend the two girls who own and run the Brainery...what a fun and fantastic thing you are doing!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,5/29/2014,17,64,2,5,1>been here about 5 times now. kind of my go to bbq place. they changed their name in the past year. use to be called taste of Texas. they have great bbq sauce that i buy to take home, they also have hot sauce of their own. there is a back door( where the parking lot is) and front door at the street. you go right up to the counter that looks like a bar. big menu to choose from so i have difficulty choosing since its all good. also many sides to choose from. my favorite of the sides, if i had to choose, is the mashed potatoes or fried green tomatoes. you pay right there and go find a seat to wait for the food. btw all reasonable prices. they call your name or you can see when your order is ready once they bring it out to the front counter to pick up. sometimes they may just bring it to your table. while you're waiting for your food you can get your drink where they have the 2 free pots of soup to serve yourself. they do ask for donations which is mentioned who the donation is for that day. i always tend to get the baked potato soup when they have it. its amazing.for the meal i got pony 1/3 rib rack, corn bread(comes with), fried green tomatoes and mac salad (home made). i definitely had left overs. they can get busy on a weekend night but for the most part i never really had a hard time finding a seat when i go.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,5/28/2014,131,324,,6,2>I think I might be in heaven. I haven't had dim sum since I was a young lad in Boston's Chinatown, so I was extremely eager to try out Canton House, and luckily we chose it for Supper Club(after another restaurant shut down, OOPS!). They have both dim sum and a traditional Chinese(Americanized) and Cantonese menu. Apparently you need to ask for the dim sum menu, which I was overly excited to receive.Our group of 8 ordered probably 30 dishes in total and it was simply way too much food, but only ended up costing us around $15 with tip, and everyone had a take home doggie bag filled with dim sum goodness. The BBQ pork buns were sweet and delicious, and my all time favorite dim sum dish which I think can be loosely translated to shrimp noodle was delicious. It wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was still yummy and nostalgic at the same time. We also dined on a variety of dumplings, but the shrimp ones were my favorite by far. I would recommend trying the taro cake or dumpling or whatever it is, as well. It was an extremely interesting flavor and texture, and I'll definitely try it again next time. I would strongly suggest taking a group of people here so that you can try a variety of things on the menu, this way you will know what to order when you come back, because believe me when I say that I will be coming back very soon!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,5/27/2014,37,139,4,6,5>Went to this quaint little restaurant on a whim because Jacqui happened to need to do something in Canandaigua today. So I figured why not? We enjoy Lebensmittel aus Deutschland so it was a good along the way stop.There was ample parking in the public lot and it was only a short walk away. I kind of need the exercise anyway... as does most of the US... anyway, the front door is for wheelchair peeps only, you have to go down a little alley and come in through the back/side of the restaurant. There's a large banner of German beer girls on the side of the building. Approved! Once you get into the building, it's odd because you have to walk past the bathrooms, the kitchen, and the waitress station before you come upon the dining area (looking towards the street). But the waitress (Monika) was very nice and told us to sit anywhere we wanted. The decor looks like it was directly taken from pictures of German restaurants. White walls with dark wooden beams, pictures of the Rhineland and whatnot, steins everywhere you look. A number of good German beers on tap and from the bottle are available. The tables are traditional and rustic looking wood. Cloth napkins rolling up silverware sits on the tables accompanied by wooden chairs. The menu is available online so I won't bore you with specifics, but there is a wine/beer list, some appetizers, dinner entrees, and lunch entrees. Very traditional, authentic German fare including German potato salad, potato pancakes, schnitzel, brats, and other various sandwiches and entrees. I got the lunch schnitzel sandwich, which came with German potato salad. Jacqui got a brat with potato salad and sauerkraut. We also ordered the potato pancakes as an appetizer. Of course, I got a stein of Sprecher Black Bavarian, which is an excellent example of a schwartzbier and paired wonderfully with our meal. The potato pancakes were kind of greasy, but a quick press between the napkin solved the issue. It came with chunky applesauce (the best kind in my opinion). Very crisp and flavorful. The schnitzel was fantastic. It was fairly plain and came undressed on a bun, but it tasted very good. The potato salad has a bit more coriander than I'm used to, but I loved its tartness and the large chunks of celery and onions. The sauerkraut was quite good and had a very pronounced sourness, which I like. The brat was pretty good. Most sausages taste pretty much the same to me so I'm not too picky about them. Jacqui thinks they might be Zweigles, but she would know better than me. The lunch prices seem fairly reasonable. My entree was $10 and Jacqui's was similar I think. Potato pancake order was $6 or 8 depending on if you get the lunch or dinner version. The dinner has 1 more pancake and it comes out to $2 per pancake either way so you don't save any money by ordering one over the other. Dinner prices are a little higher at between $14-24 (I think), but I can't comment on it since I haven't had any yet.Monika was the only server there but there were only like 4 tables and she was attentive, friendly, and knew how to properly pour a beer in a stein. Kudos. Based on other reviews, I think it's safe to say that this is a very good representation of traditional German restaurants. Even the music they play in the restaurant is traditional. We had a very nice meal and really enjoyed the decor and atmosphere. We will be back for sure. Solid 4.5 stars. Prost!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/26/2014,38,56,,4,3>Oh my goodness, what fun!I went for my first curling experience this weekend, and I hope it was not my last. An opportunity came up where I could join some friends for their company's "Employee bonding" trip, and had an absolute blast learning some of the basics of curling.The first thing you should know - anyone can do this! I saw all walks of life attempting this sport: Old, young, big, small - after a brief tutorial, everyone could attempt all roles in a curling game from shooting to sweeping to....shoot, I've forgotten the technical names for all the roles. But hopefully you get the point. After about two hours on the ice, our two teams of 4 were having very lively and exciting games. We were getting pretty accurate and competitive! If you plan to come, allow at least 2 hours to really get a feel for how to play the game. The staff there are extremely patient and helpful, and will guide you through the entire process and stay with you the whole way. The only thing you need to bring with you is a winter jacket and comfortable clothing that you're not afraid to slide around in. Not that you'll be falling much, if at all (I didn't fall at all, but a few people fell as they learned how to shoot the stone).  But, if you plan to shoot the stone they you will slide a bit on your knee as you push off along the ice. The ice is not slippery like an ice rink, and you'll be given some rubber soles to cover your shoes.  I didn't need a hat or gloves while I was there, and if you sweep enough during the game, you might even find that you get a bit warm in your jacket. The complex even serves some draft beers. So grab some friends and head over. You have to check this out!!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,5/25/2014,50,223,,4,2>I went here on a whim today hoping to get a haircut at a reasonable price - ok - CHEAP price. My hair has grown far too long... and I just simply can't rationalize the price I'd been paying.I'll admit to being nervous having a cosmetology student do my hair, but in the end I was really quite pleased.  Actually more than pleased.  The young lady who cut my hair was friendly and excited about what she was doing.  We had a really nice conversation, and she was able to take her time and do it right.  Here's how it goes...Appointments are on a walk-in basis.  If there are students there you won't wait long. Actually, there weren't many people waiting, and I only waited a few minutes because I came in at the tail end of lunch.You sign a "waiver" acknowledging that students are providing the services, and that licensed professionals are supervising.  (And they are).  My stylist asked for a couple of checks to make sure she got it right. The supervisor came over and checked things out and gave the OK.A wash, cut, and blowdry cost $16 for ladies!My girl even curled my hair for me (She was so excited - and I got a great style for this evening out with my fellow yelpers!)You're free to tip as you please.There are a couple of things to keep in mind:1. They are students.  They may make a mistake - if you can't handle that then this probably isn't for you.2. The time it takes is longer - they are learning and taking their time to get it RIGHT.  Be prepared for a longer time in the chair.3. The atmosphere on the floor is laid back. The students don't seem to have a lot of customers, and so a lot of the time I was there, other were sitting around waiting or trying things on each other!Quite a good experience... inexpensive...got a great cut and style...and I gave them opportunities to practice cutting LONG hair because they don't often get many people with long hair.  I don't think I'm going to give up my regular stylist, but I had a great experience and would come back in the future.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,11/30/2014,70,85,4,4,2>We sat outside in the sun Wednesday Morning for breakfast (vacation day). Swift service, delish food and fantastic attention from waitress.I ordered the Mediterrian Omelette and I was AMAZED with how delish it was. Wow!  It was huge and the filling was so flavorful!My guest got the banana bread french toast and it was so delish. Possibly the most amazing thing Ive tasted in a long time. Food was pipin hot, portions were spot on, and everything about Jines was perfect. I have been there many times, however, this trip thier really took the cake!We sat outside in the sunshine. What an enjoyable breakfast! #soonerorlatereveryonedinesatjines
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/29/2014,32,52,1,4,4>I hired Mr. Glass to repair a broken piece of residential glass after another local glass repair company refused to even try and repair leaded glass. The repair was quick, the service was friendly and the price was below my expectation. I highly recommend Mr. Glass.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,11/28/2014,131,184,3,8,6>My husband and I decided to split a meatball sub from here are the last Food Truck Rodeo which was a bad decision - because we both wished we didn't have to share with the other person. This truck had a really long line but it didn't take too long to get through it and it didn't take too long to get your food so it wasn't a big deal that we waited in line. I like a truck that has this crap together - it makes the wait worth it.  the meatball was amazing. The flavors were great and seriously made my taste buds do a happy dance. There was just the right amount of sauce and the bun was perfect. Generally, I don't like to be a repeat customer because there are so many other food trucks to try at the rodeo but I am pretty sure Adam and I will be coming back for another sub so we won't have to share with each other.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2014,11/27/2014,81,61,1,4,5>There are not many businesses on yelp with 5 stars. Few of the ones rated 5 stars really live up to the promise. The Gentlemen's Barber is one that truly deserves the rating.Plenty of other reviewers have already touched upon everything that makes this place my go to barber shop and I will try not to be redundant.Great atmosphere. Michael and his posse all welcome you when you enter. Coffee and donuts are offered on the weekend and bottled water every day. Jazz music playing in the background is great for my listening pleasure while I sit under the professionally trained scissor hands of any of the barbers. Appointment based schedule system makes it easier for me to get in and out without wasting any time waiting and has made parking a lot easier (street parking only) since people who are scheduled for a service are the only ones looking to park. I have had my hair cut by Micheal, Sean and Manny and each one of them has a unique style with different results but a success every time. I enjoy the constant banter here and unpretentious conversations with whoever is tending to me. Manny also did a great job with a straight razor shave for me and is my usual guy for a haircut. The prices are very affordable and you don't have to spend a fortune. Michael excels at customer service and is very tech savvy which I really appreciate. His work on the website and phone apps for the barbershop are great. He is open to suggestions and advice/critique. Instead of pushing me to buy a hair product they carry he instead gave me suggestions and gave me not one but two free samples to use and try for myself. I have been buying and using the same product (Mitch hardwired spiking glue) for months now thanks to Michael. Micheal is already working on recruiting more trained barbers and assuming an administrative role himself plus introducing more time slots to tackle lack of appointment availability. My only suggestions would be to improve the phone app to have it stay "logged in" all the time for easy appointment access and to introduce a better reward system. Barber bucks which are separate for each barber and most of the time I myself or my barber forget about it anyway don't really work. Maybe tie the reward system to my online profile and give me every 10th (or 15th for economical reasons) haircut free regardless of who I sit with. Would be much more "rewarding". The haircuts are great but I come here for the entire experience which is unparalleled and deserves 5/5. Congratulations to The Gentlemen's Barber for being voted the best barbershop in Rochester this year. You definitely have my vote.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/26/2014,27,182,2,5,5>This is the best ice cream place in the 585.  Period.  End of discussion.  Could probably just stop the review now.  But I won't.  Their homemade ice cream is out-of-this-world good with a huge variety of really interesting flavors.  Their staff is always willing to dole out samples so you can figure out exactly what you want.  And let's be real, for someone who spent a summer in Maine, the fact that they have Gifford's ice cream (Maine's finest) is just the icing on the cake.  Also, you can get olive oil on your ice cream (I do not understand this and it sounds gross; thankfully it is optional).
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,11/25/2014,31,25,1,8,6>We came here for an early dinner on Saturday and we were seated right away and shortly after fresh chips and salsa were on the table. For an app, we decided to add a side of guacamole to the chips and they also brought a variety of hot homemade sauces. I loved the guac - it was smooth and creamy and no onions which is the way I like it. We got a free quesadilla for checking  in, but they were a lot smaller than your average. They're good but don't think we would order again.For our entree we got the naked burrito with chicken and it was the perfect burrito bowl. Dressed with lime and hot sauce was an awesome change from fat laden salad dressings and everything was fresh! Had enough leftover for lunch the next day. Will definitely be back!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,11/24/2014,3,7,5,6,5>Firstly, I give The Revelry 5 stars all day long. My boyfriend and I had been meaning to check this place out for awhile now, and I regret not going sooner. We tried 4 cocktails a piece. I got the E.L James, The Vega, The Hemmingway, and my absolute favorite was the Ginger Baker, a spicy ginger-jalapeño cocktail laced with Cochaca (Apologies, I believe that's what it was, I was 3 drinks deep and feeling freaking amazing at that point. Haha.)...alas, it was off the charts good with the perfect balance of fragrant ginger and spice playing a harmonious symphony on my palate.Zack, our bartender was attentive, he is very meticulous when he makes his cocktails. I can't tell you how much I loved seeing that. I make cocktails at home, and have a deep appreciation for a chilled glass, large ice so the drink isn't watered down,  balanced flavors, and fresh ingredients. He is a true artist. House made purees and syrups are used, in conjunction with high quality spirits, and elegantly garnished without an overly pretentious vibe. They are the real deal. I have to note that if you come to The Revelry for drinks, the spirits used are not your standard premium spirits you see on every bar setup in town. They have an exquisite, eclectic selection, and some fantastic local ones. You will not see any cliché selections here.  The cocktails here are totally on point. It was a joy watching him do his thing behind the bar, and as a person, he was awesome.  It made the experience special for us. The friendly invitation for a celebretory cheers to a shot of Low and Slow whiskey before we left prompted us to leave him a hefty tip. Zack is a smooth operator, and that whiskey was just as smooth. For apps we ordered the duck tacos, they had a delicious, tangy/sweet Carolina- style vinegar based slaw, bright, citrusy cilantro, a pickled peach relish which brought a lovely sweet acidity to the dish, and the duck was juicy with the perfect hit of smoke. The duck melted in my mouth and it was not at all greasy or fatty. The warm, housemade corn  tortillas were the perfect hand-held blanket to hold all the ingredients. The second app we got were the beet deviled eggs. Oh mylanta.  They were decadent, creamy, there was a thick cut piece of Applewood Smoked bacon on top ( come on now, bacon is involved, and a mustard "caviar", and a cornbread crumble, as well....those things made those eggs over the top. I loved how sexy and tight the plate looked with small, paper-thin, mandolin sliced beets, I believe it was watercress, red shisho herb, or some type of fresh micro greens delicately dancing across it,  and the egg filling as a discreet 'glue' to hold each egg in place on the plate. The whites of the deviled eggs were not coyingly red/purple with beet juice, just a hint of color. They were beautiful. I appreciated how the integrity of the dish was elevated and that they were not shy on the mayo, there's brown butter in it too, but without it being overkill/potentially contributing to one getting Type 2 Diabetes. Well, maybe a little. But its a worthwhile indulgance for sure.. Additionally, I didn't get a nasty sulphuric after-taste because of overcooked hard boiled eggs. Out of the 2 appetizers, in and around the mouth, this one was my favorite.I hands-down had the best local food and drink experience at The Revelry...the best ever in the 27 years I've been alive and kicking. Are we going back? Excuse my English, but you bet your ass we are. I'm not wearing a hat, but if I was, my hat would absolutely be tipped respectfully to the people who own and are staffed there. The Revelry has fresh, modern food with southern flare, while on  preserving and reviving  the tradition and history of a classic bar - fanciful vest and suspender action included - you need to come here to experience it for yourself. The Revelry just gained themselves two very happy customers who will be back for more.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/23/2014,118,100,1,6,7>I was at Apogee last night with a two girlfriends.  I am pretty pumped to see a wine bar this close to my apartment! I don't really know anything about wines, but I do know that the 2 I tried tasted delicious! The atmosphere in there is great! I love love love the counter tops! I want my kitchen counter tops to be like that! Simone is great and since it was a quite night we got to chat with her and a few other people that were in there.  It was like we were sitting in our kitchen tasting great wine and having great convos!  I will definitely be coming back and next time I will get a cheese board!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,11/22/2014,13,22,4,5,5>I have to admit I like this place. I have been back several times and usually walk out with a new item or 2. Love the Elle MAcPherson line! Great stuff. I also love Addiction and Stella McCartney. On a recent trip I was left a little confused. The girl at the counter and I had a chat, I told her what I was looking for and she was helpful I told her my size and she gave me a bra to try on which was too big and when I commented on it she said  "it's a 34D I figured it would fit" Not the size I told her. :-( She then looked my name up in the system and I ended up with two purchases and very happy. I returned to the store a few days ago after a long hard week thinking I would treat myself to something pretty but they actually had nothing in my size. Well I guess I really didn't need to spend the money. Bottom line i like their stuff. I will be going back. I give it a 5 star still because I love this shop and I do believe when I return in few weeks and Anastasia is there I'll be leaving there happy!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,11/21/2014,134,403,1,4,4>I do love AJ's.I love that they have a section dedicated to NY state breweries. I love that I can get a few free samples whenever I come in. I love that they have such an enormous cooler. I love that they have Lazy Magnolia and Bayou Teche from MS and LA. People are helpful as well. Great place.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2014,10/31/2014,59,211,7,7,7>I don't go to Peppa Pot often enough. I don't know if it's because of the location, or because I forget it's there, or because I am not a very smart person, but this need to change.Every time I've been to Peppa Pot I've had a great Jamaican meal, great stews, delicious sides and friendly service!I've had almost all of their dishes by now, the few times I've been there, and I have yet to find fault on their food. I used to be bothered by the sauce they put on the jerk chicken, but last time I had it, it was perfect. The sweet, dark sauce really balanced the spicy tender chicken. I even like their cabbage side, because its mild flavor balances the strong bold tastes of their food. Then to top it all off, they are making their own juices! I had the sorrell and ginger, and their mango and ginger. Delicious on their own, and I bet even better with some dark rum added.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2014,10/30/2014,29,55,4,6,5>Went here for date night! Friend of ours gave us the idea and we decided it sounded like fun.It was actually a blast. The food was great and hibachi is always fun. Tons of food and very resonible prices. Both Doug and myself got the Hibachi Chicken and Steak. It came with onion soup which was delicious, salad, veggies, and this really awesome rice. Everything was cooked perfectly and everyone was really nice.We had a great experience and will be returning. I usually have more to say but everything went really smoothly. Definitely visit for something fun and different. Food was great and fun was had by all.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/29/2014,13,36,1,8,5>Support your local yarn shop/store...or as we in the nerdy knitting community call it "LYS".  No disrespect to major retailers like Michael's, JoAnn Fabrics or Hobby Lobby.  Their coupons are very tantalizing.  I actually go on a clearance shopping sprees periodically for seasonal items (especially on HALLOWEEN!) and things like stamps, fleece no-sew blanket kits and occasionally commercial yarns depending on the project...BUT when it comes to quality projects I am a sucker for luxury fibers!  You can say I am a yarn snob, but truth is I like good quality.  One of my favorite brands, Malabrigo, is actually quite affordable for the product you are getting.  This stuff not only gives you beautiful stitches, it is so soft and durable and and and is AMAZING to work with   Lucky for me the lovely ladies of The Yarne Source carry this brand for nutsos like me.  Other brands carried but not listed on their website are Aslan Trends, Classic Elite, Cascade, Debbie Bliss, Lamb's Pride, Lotus Mimi (100% MINK!, *faints*), Sublime and many more.      The ladies also hold classes with themes.  One that I can remember was hats and bags inspired by Downton Abbey.  They also offer "pick your project" classes or one on one sessions.  I also recommend checking out the many beautiful items they make to sell like shawls, scarves, hats, dresses, coats and accessories.  Before you head to Etsy for a handmade gift or couture item, stop in and browse the many knitted/crocheted treasures here or your LYS :-)  Chances are that you will get better quality for your buck for that special person.Speaking of gifts. One thing that sets their service apart from other shops in the area are the cutest little seasonal bags!  It's like getting a gift bag w/purchase every time!  No need to run to the store or dig into your xmas wrapping stash when you have the festive reusable plastic tote/bag that the yarn came in.  Anddd speaking of service, I've never felt the pressure you sometimes get when shopping local.  You can say I can be anti-social.  I go shopping with my ear-buds plugged in and an audio book playing...no further explanation needed...I am on a mission and would like to be left to it.  AND I touch EVERYTHING!  That's how I like to shop for yarn.  I think they can read the social cue because I've never had an issue.  They do not hover but give help when asked and have answered a lot of my questions.  All I ask is that I am greeted and acknowledge but then left to my bidniz...and they nail it on every visit.ANOTHER thing that set these guys apart are the crazy specials they offer.  I suggest signing up for their email notifications since some specials aren't advertised in-store.  The latest I received was their Independence Day sale which runs thru 7/20.  All yarns are 20% w/select ones at 50%.  I can't tell you about the specials on books or needles since I didn't buy any today.I just love this place and it fills the void that my old favorite LYS left behind...and that was Yarn Boutique which closed on January 2014.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2014,10/28/2014,65,77,3,7,5>F.Oliver's is right next door between Baker Street Bakery and Wine Sense. They offer some of the freshest olive oils and infused vinegars in Rochester. Their service was great, offer advice on pairings, and provide sample. I wish they could offer more than one size, it's extremely difficult to chose (so many different varieties of oils, vinegars, and spices). I don't shop around for oil much, so I can't says the price is reasonable or not. it's about $15 per bottle (12oz). I can says that it'll make a great holiday gifts for your friends and family.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2014,10/27/2014,50,223,1,4,4>I'm really excited to have signed on with a friend for a share in this CSA!  I'm sharing a share, and the weekly produce allotment has been great so far.  I am really excited about the fall selection.  Our first fall delivery had a great variety of (mostly) vegetables and some fruit.  Everything was so fresh, and the portions were perfect.  The price is well worth what you get. They have a number of pick up locations that service the Rochester area, and a variety of private and open-to-public pre-box drop off sites.  I think it's a great opportunity to really support local growers, and I'm excited that the food is coming to me for the next few weeks.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,10/26/2014,21,12,3,4,5>This is the best pizza I've found in Penfield and it's not even close. They just seem to do everything right - the sauce is great, the crust is really good (especially if you order it thin), and the breaded wings are huge and a must-try (get the sauce on the side or they'll be soggy). Good subs too. We used to order from their Empire Blvd location when we lived in the city, and that was great too, but I think the Penfield location is a notch above that. We also really like getting one of their "pizza trays" to bring with us to parties. Always a hit.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,10/25/2014,78,50,1,5,6>I love Lento. I love the freshness of their ingredients and how they strive to get them locally!  In the past I've always ordered their vegetarian poutine, but we decided to switch it up a bit.  I started with a squash soup drizzled with basil pesto.  It hit the spot!  Then I followed that with a beet salad with local feta cheese.  My fiance had the lentil burger, which was delicious, just a bit small for the price, more of a slider and they skimped on the fries, but it worked out ok because he really didn't need a mount of fried food.  We left satisfied and full, but not uncomfortable, so that's a win in my book.  I'm also a big fan of the ambiance at Lento. I'd like someone to have a private party there and invite me, so I can sample various foods and sip craft cocktails!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,10/24/2014,2,2,1,4,2>I always feel comfortable and at home at this diner. The staff is prompt and there's plenty of seating. I'd say that there are almost too many choice and daily specials so, it's kind of overwhelming. Desserts are from Leo's so you can't go wrong. My only complaint is that I once overheard the owner criticizing a staff person at the counter. Now I remember that every time I go to pay. Otherwise, food is good and they are happy to change the tvs to the Sabres games.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,10/23/2014,7,35,4,4,5>Pelligrinos has consistently good sandwiches. Compared to DiBellas, the subs aren't quite as good, but still very tasty.   The bread has a great texture, meat is fresh, and there are plenty of toppings. I've tried both the chicken noodle soup and the pasta salad. Soup was good, but pasta salad was just ok.The location is great. There's plenty of parking/seating. Service has always been good too. They did mess up my order once, but fixed it immediately.U of R students and staff--bring your ID because there's a discount!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,10/22/2014,38,56,3,6,2>I stopped by South Wedge Sub and Hots with my friend on our way to an outdoor movie. She promised me that they had great subs - but I told her I wasn't that hungry and didn't end up ordering anything. Smart girl that my friend is, she decided to order a large Chicken Finger Sub thinking that I'd get hungry later.Thank God that she did.I actually ended up getting into the sub before she did, and what greeted me was Submarine Sandwich Bliss. So good!Normally I'm a Dibella's/Wegman's Sub kind of girl - this sub rivaled them. I dare say, I might even prefer it! For starters, their sub is Billy Fuccillo style HUGE. The thing must have weighed a few pounds. The toppings, chicken and roll all fused to make a delicious sandwich. The roll itself was amazing. Nice and soft on the inside, with a chewy crusty outside. Perfect!I wish I could do more justice to the restaurant with my review. The best I can do is to ask you to check it out for yourself. I hope you won't be disappointed!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/5/2013,14,12,,1,2>Eric is a straight up guy, these guys do good work at a reasonable price and get it done when they say they will.  Example: I drive a 2008 Prius, it currently has 120,000 miles on it.  A couple months ago I was driving to work and a misty vapor started to come out of the AC vents, and then the AC stopped working altogether.  I brought it in to Eric and they quickly diagnosed it as a bad evaporator.  This is no small job - a $300 part and roughly a whole day of labor.  See link below for an idea of what it takes to get to the evaporator in a Prius.  The grand total ended up at about $1200, which is a lot - but after doing a little searching on the internet I found other that had paid $2000 and up at dealers and independent shops for the same job.  priuschat.com/threads/reHe also recently replaced the water pump there's a weird noise that I think I'm have his guys try to figure out for me.  Honest, reasonable, and competent - the three things you want to find in a garage, Browncroft has 'em.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,9/4/2013,8,9,,4,3>I didn't even realize such a place was just down the road from me.Bay Creek is a great place to get away and immerse yourself in nature. Whether kayaking, canoeing etc. you will have to keep reminding yourself that you're still in Rochester! Scenery is great and very tranquil, although close to a busy road, the waterways are quiet with only sounds of the surrounding ambiance of mother nature and you can witness anything from ducks, swans and more.The prices are more than reasonable with it being about $17/hr for rental of kayak or canoe and it's extremely easy to learn. I was there just a week ago for the first time kayaking and it was a breeze, so don't be shy! Drop in and escape the busy life for a little, you won't regret it.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,9/3/2013,13,48,2,2,2>Was feeling a little hungry the other night.... well every night lol.  Since Golden Port was a bit too far for my hunger to wait I decided to go to Esan Thai, hey it's just around the corner and I could get a cold drink at CVS while I waited for the takeout order to be completed.  If you haven't tried it.... you have to.  Salt and Pepper Shrimp was really.... I mean really good.  You have the option of shell on or off.... if you don't want it really spicy get the shell on then you can take off the excess seasonings with the shell.  Me, I'm a a spicy kinda guy so shell off.  I usually get this dish at Wegman's.... never again.... ha ha!  Oh wow... lightly breaded, seasoned greatly and served on a bed of thinly sliced lettuce, peppers and I think scallions.... I ate it really fast.  By the time I got to the salad underneath the seasonings had permeated them.... wow.  Oh did I mention this is an appetizer?  Okay yeah it is, great way to start the meal.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,9/2/2013,59,211,3,4,4>I must start this review saying that I love fried chicken. LOVE it! It's on the top of my list to eat.But I am also very picky about it. It has to be moist, and flavorful on the inside, and crispy on the outside.Chicken Coop does this very well, in fact I think it's the best fried chicken in Rochester. First they season the chicken very well, then the actually fry the chicken in oil, no "oven fried", to order!So I order, and then drive to Webster to pick it up, it's usually ready when I make it there and then I proceed to eat their chicken for two or three days of bliss!Their home made hot sauce is very tasty, and their potato chips are probably seasoned with crack because they are so addictive!Honestly I have never been a huge fan of their other items, and sides, but really, when you do fried chicken the way they do it, and then make those amazing potato chips, I am more than willing to forgive anything else!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,9/1/2013,0,7,,1,3>This place is the real deal if you're looking for Italian food. Everything is great, but the Greens & Beans and Gnocchi is the thing to get. The food here would undoubtedly get five stars from me (or more if possible), but I give it a four due to the limited atmosphere. It's pretty small and always crowded (no doubt a testament to the quality), and it takes quite a while to get a table. Don't let that stop you, though. The food is well worth it.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,8/31/2013,2,20,,3,3>This place is awesome! I was a bit skeptical because its located in a convenience store, but looks can be deceiving! I tried the large burrito, which is the same size if not bigger than the burritos at Chipotle. My choice of meat was carnitas and it was fabulous! It was just made and the person who was making my burrito had me try some right out of the platter while I was giving my order. (Extremely friendly service) since this was my first time here I wanted to have everything in the burrito and I did! I must say the hottest sauce I asked to have in it is no joke! The type of spicy that not only burns your mouth and throat but also the outside of your face. It was so worth it though : ) I am definitely going back again.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,8/30/2013,9,32,,4,3>I came here with some friends on a Friday night. I loved the ambience of the place--it was lit almost entirely by candles, and with the brick walls and the bartenders' shirts and ties it just felt really classy. It's a small space with brick walls and hardwood floors, though, so it was pretty loud up until the crowd started thinning out, at 11 or so. Last call was at midnight, which seemed early but which made sense given how few people were left by then.Cheshire serves the full range of classic but hard-to-find drinks like the Aviation, Old Fashioned, Corpse Reviver #2, Moscow Mule, Pimms Cup, and Caipirinha; this is a cocktail bar, as evidenced both by the giant wall of liquor behind the bartenders and by the beer selection ("light" and "dark"). The drinks were $9 and took a while to come out, but there's a reason. These guys aren't pouring well whiskey into plastic cups and squirting in Sprite from a soda gun; they're making everything to order (including cracking the ice and cutting the limes) and serving each drink in the appropriate kind of glass. Watching them make your drink is part of the experience. I can see Cheshire becoming my go-to bar when I want an upscale kind of night.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,8/29/2013,23,2,3,5,2>I would definitely recommend ABC School of Driving. I worked with 4 different instructors and they were all good, but Jyoti is the best. She's very experienced, and will help you feel relaxed and safe. Jyoti provides detailed instructions and feedback. She even gave me a list of steps to memorize for parallel parking and is a very pleasant person to work with. Dave and Johnny are helpful instructors too.ABC will always call you the day before to remind you about appointments.I worked with another school in the Rochester area, but had the best experience with ABC. Of the school's in the area, ABC has the nicest website. They're the only school which lists all their prices upfront and provide online ordering.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2013,8/28/2013,52,128,3,5,4>I arrived on a Saturday afternoon and found free parking a block away at the east garage (it's free on the weekends, $0.50 during business hours with a uofr student id).Spot coffee itself has 2 stories and is incredibly spacious. It is decently clean with exception to railings on the second floor which can use some dusting.  Big windows allowed for sunlight to pour in. I'm not too sure how it'll be on a cloudy day but I imagine their lights may not be sufficient. Upstairs they do provide some floorOutlets are spaced out along the walls and I didn't have to search long for an open one.In general the coffee is decent, the baristas are friendly, and Spot Coffee is a great study place on a sunny afternoon.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,8/27/2013,19,60,1,3,3>I graced this exceptional establishment for gelato the other night and realized I really should come here more often. The Paninis as I remember are absolutely fantastic, with great crusty bread. Never had the coffee but it looks authentic and amazing. Definitely the best gelato I've had in America. Especially the pistachio! It's really worth the trip out to Greece.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,8/2/2014,2,2,1,4,5>"Sure, my life isn't perfect but my hair is..." thanks to Tru Salon. I've been going to Tru for almost 10 years. Today, I am a loyal customer and friend to Courtney; she never lets me down. Courtney is extremely talented in coloring and she always keeps my vision/style a priority. The atmosphere at Tru is very relaxing and enjoyable. Everyone at the salon is extremely friendly, courteous, and skilled, not too mention the whole salon is scented by wonderful Aveda products. Often while I wait for my color to process, I smell the Chakra wall, get a free hand massage by one of the girls, and flip through a variety of popular magazines. I dread the day that I'll have to leave Rochester and find a new salon; it just won't compare to Tru.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,8/1/2014,6,4,1,5,4>Stopped in for lunch today.  Had the buffet, which was outstanding.  Though the restaurant was pretty quiet, which is expected for a Monday, the food was very fresh.  They had an incredible selection for all palates, my favorite being the goat curry and chana masala.  I tried several other dishes, all were consistently good.  Fresh and hot naan was served by the waitress before we made it back to the table with our plates.  They had a nice spread of chutney and deserts, though I barely had room for the latter.  The Galub Jamun receives honorable mention, but wish I had more room to indulge.  Being the adventurous type, I appreciated the buffet so I could try several dishes I may not have gotten around to ordering as entrées.  I hope they can keep the lunch business going as it's close to my office and convenient.  I have had dinner at the Jefferson Rd. location a few years back, which I remember being great, so I am very happy to have this location so close!
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,7/31/2014,0,33,1,2,1>Well Maintained Golf Course for all skill levels. They have a first rate grass driving range and 36 holes available for public play. The West Course is set up for the more Novice and beginner golfer with no sand traps, trees that have been trimmed up underneath them and shorter holes. Don't be fooled though.This course can be challenging with small, crowned greens and some water hazards. The East course is the nicer (condition-wise) and longer of the two for the more skilled golfer. The greens are bigger on the east and there is a lot more trouble through sand traps, water and trees. The Pro Shop is small but they have a limited bar on the west course and a full bar on the east course with a snack grill and full kitchen serving out on a patio in the evenings.Head out here and give it a shot.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,7/30/2014,51,8,1,5,1>I found my new nail place! Prices are excellent. Service is friendly and Tony did a great job. The selection of shellac colors is bigger than any other place in town. I will be going in regularly and couldn't be more pleased. Plus frequent customer program gives 5% back on every visit - great deal.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,7/29/2014,0,5,1,3,2>Never had a bad experience. The variety of beers is great, and the food has always been very good. Just went there recently and got the jumbo shrimp with wings sauce. Can't remember what they actually call it, but it was very good. I would not only order it again, but would absolutely recommend to anyone who likes shrimp.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,7/28/2014,27,183,3,4,2>Banh cuon, delicious.  Authentic.  The skin is more glutinous than what I usually have, but each region of Vietnam makes a different kind of banh cuon skin, so it's still yummy!Turnip cake with egg was light in flavor, heavier in oil.  Ginger soy sauce takes care of that.Pho was not real pho.  It was not warm enough.  Surprising to say, I've had better pho, and in Rochester!  It was not a disgusting "I'm a novice caucasian man cooking Vietnamese pho in the kitchen".  No insult intended, it was just not the real deal.  Nonetheless, it was still tasty somehow, like a chicken broth, so not bad.. but when I return here, I'd like to try some of the other appetizers and some bun.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,7/27/2014,113,225,4,5,6>Of all the gin joints in all the towns in all the world...This one is my all-time favorite.Beats anything in NYC or San Francisco because it's so down-home, so intimate.  When you go to see a badass bluegrass band and the guitar player covers your all time favorite John Prine song, you are close enough to him that you can look him in the eyes to thank him as you sing your heart out.Two or three of the most fun nights of my life ended at Abilene's.  The music is always spot on.  A little bluegrass, a little blues, a little country, a little funk and soul.  There is an area where if you start dancing, people will clear out and it becomes a dance floor (believe me, they'll move)If you see these guys on the events webpage make sure to check them out:Ruddy Well BandMandolin OrangeBitchin' KitchenSuch a fun place to go grab a CHEAP beer, hear some great music, and DANCE.  The owner is around a lot and is a great guy.  Sometimes there is a cover but it's usually 5$ and I promise it's worth it.The ratio of dudes:chicks is high which can be a good thing or a bad thing.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,7/26/2014,28,9,6,7,5>For Monte Alban I'm going with five-stars for consistency.  Every time I've visited Monte Alban, the food has satisfied the craving for sleep-inducing, maybe not the most authentic -Mexican food, and fast! As soon as I've ordered, it takes almost no time to get the food to the table. Also, for whatever reason a growing number of places are making free chips and salsa a rarity in this town, but not this place. Friendly, fast service, without standing over your shoulder waiting for you to leave, makes this place a mainstay for Margarita Monday -- which I'm officially making a tradition, starting now.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,7/25/2014,26,245,2,6,4>I've done Bikram here a couple times although its been a while.  I really like Bikram overall as its really unique and can be somewhat "militant" - tends to deviate from your traditional yoga experience.  I would say it's not for everyone but in my view, it's relaxing and at the same time provides for a good workout. I would say it takes a few times to find your groove but if you stick it out it could be a beneficial part of your routine.  If you do not like to sweat excessively this probably isn't the place for you!   As far as the studio goes, it's in a nice location and I find the studio "cozy" but very adequate.   Both times I've been I was very happy with the instruction and there was no waiting to get things off and running.  I need to go back at some point - its been a challenge to find time as its an hour and half session.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/17/2014,7/24/2014,65,77,8,9,7>This is my second time trying Ethiopian food, and I wanted to give this restaurant a try. Natural Oasis is 100% Vegan and Gluten Free. I thought I would walk into this place and eat with my hand, guess I was wrong... I came here on Monday, so it was an all day Buffet. The buffet was kinda small, cost $9 for Dinner p/p. There were about ten different dishes. There was only one person working during that time, and some of the tray were empty. But I still manage to leave their buffet with a full stomach.   They also have a mini store for herb and vitamin, and Natural Oasis is located right next to Dunkin' Donut with a small parking lot.Overall, this place is really unique and I will come back to try their menu.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/3/2014,9,65,,7,6>Nice menu, great beer and wine selection. The place has been re-done since it was Piranas and they did a GREAT job. Even the bathroom is nice. Decent prices, nicely plated dishes. We had the wings they were a good snack but the food they were bringing out around us looked amazing. One of us got a ramen burger and it looked incredible. He said it was excellent. Nice to see something a little out of the ordinary these days. I will be back often. Park ave needed something fresh and different.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,1/2/2014,83,236,,5,2>This is the friendliest little store you'll ever find.  And I don't mean to be negative in saying little.  It's small in a good way and the selection and inventory is quite surprising.  Yes, it's not Home Depot or Lowes but I'm quite frankly amazed at what you'll find here and the advice you'll get.Contractors from all over the area recommend Mayer when it comes to paint.  I've done an extensive amount of remodeling over the past several years and in my work, I refer a lot of people to contractors, suppliers, etc.  When you ask people about paint, the bigger names like Hadlocks comes to mind and yes, they do a nice job, but the gnelteman who runs the paint department at Mayer is the one they'll always tell you to go to when you have an issue or a real question.   He is solution oriented and won't oversell you.  Nobody is more knowledgeable and helpful.  That's why you see a constant stream of business coming into this place.  And it's not just from the neighborhood.  I drive 20 minutes right past Home Depot to get there and I'll do it every time.I had to go yesterday to pick up some stain and seeking a solution to bust some really stuck lug nuts on my zero-turn mower blades.  I was all set to pay $120+ for an impact wrench and they would have been more than happy to sell it to me but instead, they suggested an $8 alternative which was a 3' length of iron pipe to provide the leverage I needed to bust those nuts open.  It worked, and as a consequence dinner with friends that evening was essentially free.  And by the way, they always have free popcorn and coffee.  Try finding that at Home Depot or Lowes!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,1/1/2014,44,33,8,8,8>Orange Glory's siren song all-too often beckons me to its doors, emptying my pockets of lunch money and sending me off into a passionate, semi-quiet rage for all those ahead in line who dare to plunder the last of the lemon cookies. The surly mermaids  behind the glass case of beautiful and creative sandwiches, including my favorite Cauliflower burger or the Chickpea and Eggplant burger are at times tough to accept in the otherwise cheery and "glory"ous interior. But you'll be taken care of. The small inside is seriously the bright spot on the grayest of days. Its orange color and walls decorated with local artwork and roosters and the narrow line of bistro tables is a fun immersion, while you sip the water they bring you and wait for your food.I love the vegan and vegetarian options because their sandwiches and salads are so substantial in size as well as taste. The Cauliflower burger in particular is served on a seeded toast with a red pepper remoulade and field greens. It probably stands about four inches in height. Your stomach will hurt so good when you're finished. Lunchbox your sandwich or salad for $2 and you'll get your choice of a side and cookie. The side vegan Mac and Cheese is made with bowtie noodles and flecked with red pepper flakes. It eats just as comforting and maybe even heartier than the actual dairy version. The side of potato salad is like a bite of the best home fries you ever had, cold and mixed with light dressing and celery. I won't go into details of the lemon cookie, because in my mind they're all mine and you can't have them. The triple chocolate cookie is excellent, get one of those.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,12/31/2013,40,167,2,6,4>Yum yum yum yum..lolI didn't even know abbott's sold food until this location ran a groupon a few months back. Decided to check it out and was able to find easy street parking right in front. A cute little place that has a tiki bar,a separate ice cream section and even displays some jewelry to purchase from locals. The staff was extremely friendly and it felt very welcoming there. A great place for a lunch break or a nice drink at happy hour when drinks are half off!!The food was excellent. Tried a little of everything. The mexicano burger was amazing cooked perfectly with a little salsa. The turkey club was right up there with it. The turkey was fresh roasted,juicy and warm. My son devoured his french bread pizza. Prices are about $6 a person which is a pretty good deal I think. They also offer breakfast items!! CAN'T FORGET THE HOMEMADE CHIPS!!! num num numTHEY DON'T HAVE A WEBSITE BUT HERES THE FB PAGEfacebook.com/AbbottsDown
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,12/30/2013,28,135,,5,3>Had an exceptionally good burger here last Friday night.  Hand formed 1/2 pound of juicy medium rare goodness served on a fresh toasted bun with bacon and blue cheese, and LTO.  I could have used a flip top head to get my teeth into this 4 inch high monster.  Very fairly priced at $9.  Fish fry is a huge portion of well seasoned haddock, breaded or broiled, and comes with cole slaw and choice of a side.  Also delicious.  The fries are hand sliced, unpeeled potato wedges, a nice change from the usual freezer fries  We started with the fried cheese curds, which were somewhat bland, but crunchy batter, almost too crunchy, as they were hard to pierce with a fork.  Spicy dipping sauce could have been spicier.  Excellent well rounded selection of draft beers with several local mircrobrews, plus Guinness, and Magner's.  I was hoping to enjoy the deep fried pickles, but alas, they are sliced into ruffled medallions, instead of lengthwise, which I think ruins the textural experience, and no spicy dipping sauce.  So Sticky Lips is still champ in the fried pickle category.   But Shamrock's is a cozy Irish pub, with a good atmosphere.  Great place for happy hour and/or a casual dinner.  I saw a tap takeover on the blackboard above the bar coming up next weekend...
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,12/29/2013,145,407,2,7,2>Cake boxes and cardboard discs, check.Mega sized Mayonnaise, check.Little plastic cups, with matching lids, for sauces, appetizers, or art projects, check-check.(in three sizes, by the way)Foil pans, hot serving trays, plastic wrap, spoons, knives and every other forking utensil. Triple check-check.Every possible needed (or wanted) item for throwing a party, shindig, picnic, tailgate, wingding, soiree, or for running, or starting your own catering business, or Iron Chef theme party, these folks got it! Good prices and friendly service too!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,12/28/2013,24,225,1,5,3>A nice addition to the update @ the Greece Ridge Mall...right near Marshall's. A cupcake kiosk. Try the one that looks like a hostess cupcake, wow...the chocolate ganache is wonderful! Having tried a few items, I appreciate that the cupcakes here are not cloyingly sweet. The selection at this little kiosk is small, but you will undoubtedly find something, or more than one something that appeals to you.
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,12/27/2013,8,7,1,4,3>This place qualifies as a nice place to meet friends and co-workers for lunch. Quiet enough for normal conversation, and enough seating that you can move around for mid-sized groups. (Eight various sized tables; 26 seats total.) Food, ordered at the counter is nicely prepared and served. Selection is limited to sandwiches and sides prepared that day.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,12/26/2013,5,6,3,6,6>Tofu burrito is now my favorite burrito ever. Perfect amount of every ingredient to lead to bites of sweet yet spicy amazingness. Their cruelty-free tofu is from cage free, antibiotic free tofu birds from local family farms and marinated in the best chipotle sauce ever created. The chips were even better than other Mexican restaurants because they were loaded (but not over-loaded) with spices. So good that I want to go back again tomorrow!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,12/25/2013,13,7,3,3,3>Good dive-ish bar.  I say -ish because the clientele ranges from "guy-crying-into-his-beer-at-10am" to hipsters to college bros with popped collars, and none of them seem out of place.  The food is fantastic (Pizza and tater tots...) and the drink specials can't be beat, especially the BOGO deals.  The service is tops, whether you sit at a table and get a waitress or at the bar.This place is often packed late night, but offers a nice alternative to some of the other types of clubby bars on Monroe and East.  Its a good place to meet up with a friend and unwind during happy hours or Saturday/Sunday afternoons.This is not a super clean place with overly friendly servers.  They bust balls and the bathrooms leave something to be desired, but go in there knowing you can grab a great slice and a unique beer from their selection and you will not be disappointed.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/4/2014,111,10,17,10,7>If you don't save room for the butterscotch budino, then punch yourself in the face. If you're allergic to nuts, bring am epi-pen, because it is worth anaphylactic shock.The blood orange martini will make you cash in your AA chips.The slow cooked pork is luxurious, the fresh ricotta is divine (and I'm not a fan of ricotta) the pizzas are always perfect. Share a bunch of food, don't be stingy.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,4/3/2014,96,330,4,11,6>The 300th ought to be something special, right? Right. So I've saved mine for Fleet Feet.Man, I seriously love these guys.Back in November I purchased my very first pair of running sneakers from Fleet Feet (old location on Monroe) in preparation for my first ever half marathon. I did the whole treadmill thing where they record you on an iPad and evaluate your running technique, tried on at least 5 different types of sneakers, ran around outside...the whole shebang. After much deliberation I left the store with proper socks, sneaks, and a baby water bottle (stupid- don't buy this). Water bottle aside, I felt pretty confident in my choices.Fast track to 3 months later: I've got 4 black toenails, a messed up neck, and a growing hatred for running. On a whim I strolled in to the new location (same parking lot where Trata is) hoping to tell my sob story and get somewhat of a break on a new pair. Well! The guys at Fleet Feet did me one better- first they apologized, then they re-fitted me, and I walked out with a brand new pair (completely different from my first) for free. Yeah, free.Free.FREE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Guys, you know that close to nothing is free these days, so you can imagine my amazement by Fleet Feet's customer service.Oh Fleet Feet, you've sure got my loyalty, and now my 300th review.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,4/2/2014,40,210,,5,5>Absolutely amazing food!  This place really stands out for high quality cuisine in the area.  A small, seasonal menu highlights creativity and the use of local and fresh ingredients, including a good section of vegetarian and fish entrees.  They also always have a menu available that marks which options are gluten free.  A small wine and beer selection complements the menu, although it would be nice to have more options.  The space is small and intimate. Service is fabulous, although when things get busy it can take a bit longer.  If you want to go out to dinner on the weekend make a reservation - particularly on fish fry night!
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,4/1/2014,13,6,,8,5>I absolutely love Bark Avenue Dog!  My Welsh Corgi is a terror whenever I get near her feet, but somehow the ladies at Bark Avenue manage to clip her nails in a matter of minutes.  There is a "menu" of walk-in services, which is one of the reasons I keep coming here.  Within 10 minutes, I've walked in, gotten my dog's nails trimmed and teeth brushed, and am on my way.  They're also very accommodating, I have asked the staff to give my dog a brush out (which is technically not on their menu), but they were happy to do it.  I don't get my dog groomed regularly, but the few times I've had it done here, she comes out fluffy and happy!  Pricing is quite reasonable and the staff is very friendly.  The only downside is parking, as they only have a small driveway next to the building.  I don't mind walking from farther away, but there is no parking lot, so keep that in mind if you're in a hurry or have difficulty walking distances.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,3/31/2014,54,98,3,7,3>We moved to the area just over a year ago and FINALLY, we have found a good Sushi place! We'd almost given up on all things ethnic in the area. I'm glad we didn't. We really enjoyed our dinner there.As foodies, we don't really care about the ambiance. Which is a good thing, because Blue Ocean didn't offer much for décor. The service was totally acceptable. At first, we thought she was a little short with us; dropping the plates and running away. But then we realized she was the only server for a restaurant full of tables. Once it slowed down, she was also very sweet. And continued to check on us throughout the meal.They brought us fried wonton strips and sweet & sour when we sat down (Isn't that a Chinese restaurant thing to do?) and it was cold... We were worried. But we didn't have to be.The food was where it is at.We shared a bento box that came with teriyaki salmon, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura, California roll, miso soup, and traditional salad. Then we ordered two fancy sushi rolls.Delicious. All of it. The salmon was cooked perfectly. The soup made me close my eyes and sip softly. The salad was traditional. The fish cooked perfectly. The vegetable tempura perfectly battered. The sushi rolls fresh and popping full of flavor. And the portions were HUGE; we had leftovers for the next day.The ONLY critique we had about the food was the shrimp tempura; they used a different batter than they did on the veggies and it was a bit heavy... But we will be back. Oh yes. We will be back. (Oh, and then we got Chinese fortune cookies at the end???? Confusing, but not problematic.)
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,3/30/2014,3,14,,4,5>Walked into Napa Wood Fired Pizzeria last night at 6pm with no reservation. I've been here before and never needed a reservation so I didn't think anything of it. To my surprise there was a 45 minute wait. There were two seats at the bar so we didn't mind and sat at the bar and enjoyed a glass of Prosecco while we waited. We were seated after 30 minutes at a high top in the bar area. This is a great alternative if you're ok with not sitting in the main dining room and want to sit down faster.  We ordered the chopped salad with dressing on the side. The salads are huge and I highly recommend splitting one between two people. Then we ordered a large spinach and artichoke pizza. There is the same amount of slices between the small and large (8). We wanted to be able to bring some home so we went with the large. We both had two slices and boxed up the remaining four. The pizza was so good! I highly recommend! Our waitress was so nice and really made our dining experience very pleasant. There was a constant influx of people coming in picking up pizzas to go. I've never done that but I think it's a great idea. With cocktails, our meal was $50 which I think is very reasonable.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,3/29/2014,13,22,,6,3>There is no way Sinbad's doesn't get 5 stars, I wish I could give it 10. Yes, I think it's that good. I'm a regular, it's my go to place. I have found over the years that the food is consistently delicious, the staff are friendly, attentive without over doing it and efficient, the prices reasonable. I have had almost everything on the menu and I haven't found one thing I do not like. The falafels are some of the best I've had. The only better falafel was from a food cart in Berkeley CA. back in the 80's. The toasted gyro pita is awesome, the pasta dishes are great. Tonight we went to celebrate a family birthday. We were a big party and were able to reserve a table. We started off with a few orders of the Combo plate as an appetizer. It's a dinner but makes the perfect starter. It consists of dolmas, hummus, falafel, tabbouleh, and baba ghanoush. For my main dish I settled on (it's so hard to choose)  the Melitzano Pasta dish which consist of eggplant, feta, pine nuts and olives. It was fantastic and I have enough left over for lunch. My husband got the sultan pitza which he really enjoyed. Here is the kicker ... I have  never ever gotten dessert at Sinbad's, I'm just not a dessert eater, but since it was a birthday my husband and I decided to split the pistachio bird's nest. IT WAS AWESOME!!! The perfect dessert. Just the right amount of sweetness.  It was another fantastic meal at my very favorite Rochester restaurant.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,3/28/2014,66,245,1,8,4>This is my favorite Asian grocer in Rochester. I would have said that even before the renovation, but now it is even better; brighter, cleaner, neater. They now have a small bakery and a barbeque area. The bakery case was sparse on my last visit, but they had Chinese staples like roll cakes and triangle sponge cakes. I have been able to find everything here that I have gone in looking for with the exception of some sushi supplies and some less popular types of ramen. I always pick up seaweed snacks here (way cheaper than Trader Joes), Red Boat fish sauce, jicama, raw peanuts (when in season), and fried scallions.  My mom argues that this store is expensive, but I think the prices are really fair. I would pay for the convenience of being able to stop at only one Asian grocer rather than driving all around to all the little stores in Rochester.  If you are from a big city, make no mistake, this is still far from a Marukai, 99 Ranch Market, etc. but it's the best Rochester has and is leaps and bounds better than anything else in the area.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,3/27/2014,134,403,,10,7>YUM, y'all.This is a place you don't even notice is vegan and (mainly) gluten free. The flavors and preparation of the food is so incredible.Each dish is $4. The menu doesn't change but the ingredients of the dishes do. For example, they always have gnocchi but the actual dish with the gnocchi changes.EVERY dish is delicious. I would recommend getting things that may not sound exciting because you may be delightfully surprised.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,3/26/2014,62,103,,7,4>I was impressed with The Revelry for the moment I walked in the door. We were promptly greeted and seated immediately for a late Sunday brunch. The decor of the restaurant is reminiscent of trendy eateries in the Knox-Henderson neighborhood of Dallas or those in parts of New Orleans. I was frankly surprised that a place with such a sharp appearance existed in Rochester! We were seated upstairs in an area with a very cool glass floor that looked down on to the room below. As a Southerner, I was excited to see the menu. We started with the Basket of Biscuits appetizer and were not disappointed. These miniature butter delivery vehicles were incredible. Freshly prepared and served creatively with a side of pimento cheese, they appealed to my appreciation for "white trash" delicacies with a nouveau gourmet twist. Of course, for my meal I had to have the Chicken and Waffles.  I'm somewhat of a snob when it comes to chicken and waffles.  Most restaurants swing and miss when it comes to this simple dish.  The Revelry, however, hit a homerun.  The chicken was on-the-bone (as it should be) and fried perfectly. The combination of the sweet maple syrup and the chicken's breaded crust were excellent. The waffle wasn't bad either. The Revelry is definitely a great addition to the restaurant scene in Rochester.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,7/3/2014,27,182,,5,2>In a word: incredible.  If you don't mind a 20-minute wait on a sunny night your patience will be rewarded with absolutely delicious ice cream.  Topped off with a stroll along the canal and you have a perfect summer evening.A note about the portion sizes: a child size is plenty of ice cream for one person!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,7/2/2014,11,14,,7,5>Just had an amazing experience at Metro Salon. I've been here several times before (once to have a very large pony tail cut off to donate to locks of love--so they will do that if you are looking to donate your hair). This was the first time I had Stephania cut my hair though. She really took the time to talk to me about my hair, and answer my questions. I was really impressed with her expertise. This is one of the best haircuts I've ever had.  Often when I call to schedule an appointment I have to leave a message, but Mike always calls me back right away. No matter who you see here, you will get incredible customer service, from the front desk to the stylists, they are truly an incredible team.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/1/2014,118,100,,8,3>My Boyfriend and I stopped in on a week day before their grand opening  around 7pm.  I saw them open during the week, but I wasn't sure if they were getting ready or if they were serving.  We walked in and they were definitely serving!  I am a sucker for a panini so I was super excited to see them open up just steps from my apartment.I really like how they have a simple menu.  They have a good combination of paninis, subs and some pastas.  I got the Grilled chicken Panini and I think my boyfriend got the Roma.  I was very happy with my panini.  The biggest thing I noticed with the amazing flavors! Finally, a panini that doesn't taste like bland bread! The chicken was flavored soo well! I also liked how it was not soggy! The bread was thick bread and grilled perfectly! I do have one suggestion.  Possibly trying a thinner bread, but one with a good crust, I think, that will give the panini even more crunch and help all the flavors meld together.  Of course, My boyfriend and I devoured our panini and cant wait to go back.  I think next time I am going to get their Braciole.  I saw a picture posted on FB and it looks Delicious.  with the amount of flavor that came out of the panini I can only imagine how delicious it will be.  Keep up the great work and food! We will be back soon! P.S. I bet they could make a killer egg, sausage and peppers panini...hint hint :)
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/30/2014,96,135,,4,2>Service is impeccable and the food is divine. What's not to love? Rocco's is one of the very few places I can speak highly of.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2014,6/29/2014,66,620,4,6,3>3.5 with room to grow. I've enjoyed visiting this reincarnation twice now, and feel that I'll be heading there more often as the warmer days approach (there are much warmer days approaching, right? Right???). The place still suffers from a very weird identity crisis but I think it's overall a lot more accessible and flexible now with more space just for hanging out and casually grabbing some food while socializing. The food is ok. The portions are definitely more generous than T&M. We tried poutine (good, although the fries are very thin), croquettes (tasted like the fried mashed potato balls at Skylark), pretzels (not as good as Genesee brew house). My friends got spicy pork sausages. I got spicy vegan served over fresh greens. I LOVE the option of getting the protein on a bed of salad and cutting out the roll if you don't feel like it. Spicy vegan was nicely spiced. I tried Some pork sausage and it was dry, not juicy. Tons of French fries. Apps better than mains. The beer selection is large but isn't bold. There is little adventure. Cookie cutter craft beer for the masses. But still, way better than most places. I'll be back, I'm sure!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,6/28/2014,9,65,,5,2>Enjoyable place. My GF took me here for my bday we went with another couple. Waitress was personable, service was excellent. Waters always filled after a few sips.Decor is nice, the place has a warm feel to it. I ordered dirty martinis but they were out of olive juice. Seriously? At 7 PM on a Sat.?? Come on. Not the end of the world but if you want to be considered a really nice place, this is one of those things to stay on top of. They had a nice selection of beers. We ordered the grilled wings as an app. They were excellent. The sauce was sriracha with something else I can't remember. They weren't spicy at all though so don't be afraid. We also had the pretzels which came with some nice dipping sauces. These were OK, nothing great. I'd pick something else next time there were many things I wanted to try. For dinner I had the special, which was wild boar. I've heard it can be tough but this was falling off the bone tender. Not gamey at all. A really good choice. My GF had a strip steak and it was excellent. I also tried our friend's crab stuffed shrimp and it was pretty good but I'd have stuck with my order or possibly that steak. Our other friend got the bison burger and it's just like the other yelper's said - it was tiny. Like seriously on a slider roll. That was the only thing that I thought was kind of lame. Overall, I did like this place and I will go back. The menu is pretty original with lots of familiar things but with a twist (grilled wings, not fried, etc.)
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,6/27/2014,58,204,,6,3>We were headed to the grocery store and I was, as always, hungry. So, to avoid a cart filled with snack items and over zealous cooking ambition, we stopped here prior. I wanted something substantial, but didn't want the wait of a sit down place. This was the perfect compromise, a step up from a quick muffin and coffee (though you could easily get a quick muffin and coffee), without the heaviness of a full breakfast. I ordered the Croque Madame (fancy grilled ham & cheese with a poached egg on top) and a French toast latte (maple syrup, vanilla, cinnamon). Husband picked an egg and sausage sandwich on croissant with a cup of dark roast. We got the kid a cranberry orange muffin and a spiffy sparkling fruit punch from the chilled drinks cooler. My drink took forever. It wasn't busy, from what I could tell it was the only drink to make...but it took forever. Someone noticed I was standing there waiting and told me she'd bring it out, which they did but just moments before our sandwiches were brought out, too. The drink was quite delicious, but...seriously, it was just a latte. Well, not *just* a latte. It was a cozy cup of warmth and happiness, disguised as a latte. The flavors worked well with each other without being overly sweet. It wasn't the coffeeest cup of coffee, not something you'd want if you need a jolt of pick-me-up. I would liken it to a warm sunny spot by a window the cat likes to curl up in. But without fur everywhere.My sandwich was amazing. Ridiculously full of ham, smothered in melted gruyere cheese, thick toasted slices of brioche adorned with a perfectly runny egg. My husbands sandwich looked tasty and much of the menu sounded great, but I don't think I'll ever order anything different. That sandwich was an instant favorite. The cranberry orange muffin was also good, with a slightly crispy top, possibly lightly glazed, somehow it seemed to have a crunchy seal. The muffin was flavorful and moist, with a balanced density - not too fluffy to mimic a cupcake but not too thick to be an edible brick. I ended up eating the second half of it later that day, it held up well.The employees were friendly and the chalkboard menus were easy to read, with just a dash of chalkboard art to make it pretty but not overwhelming. That would be a good way to characterize the decor throughout, a bit rustic but polished with mason jars holding silverware atop lacquered barn wood tables in a clean, open, high ceilinged dining room with a wall of windows lending abundant natural light. The only thing missing is a comfy sofa to curl up in the sunlight and enjoy a cozy latte...but the Croque Madame could get dangerously messy in that scenario.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,6/26/2014,12,37,3,7,3>Doughnuts on Wednesday are buy 6 get 6 free.  They are always fresh. Chocolate and white cream filled are filled when you order. The kuechie donut is glazed, light and airy. When you walk in you feel like you've stepped back in time-Small counter service shop. Staff is always the same folks and donuts consistently yummy. A must try because once you do you're hooked!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,6/25/2014,65,54,2,4,2>I can't believe I've never written a review of Esan even though the yelp app informs me that I've checked in there more than thirty times.  Hands down, Esan is my favorite Thai restaurant in Rochester and one of my favorites   overall anywhere.  I always get the same thing, #32, Masamaun vegetables, with a side of peanut sauce, and I usually also end up getting an extra side of rice to reach that perfect veggie:Masamaun sauce:peanut sauce:rice ratio in every bite.  You can order your desired level of spiciness on a scale from 1-5.  Personally, I prefer the small kick of three since it gives you spice, but doesn't overwhelm the other flavors.  I've also ordered Masamaun chicken, but I like the veggie option better because it gives you a greater variety of vegetables.The staff here at Esan are wonderful and know my order by heart, even if I haven't been to Esan in a few months.  Sometimes I think of getting something else, but, whenever I do, it's never quite as good as my familar #32.  Likewise, I've been known to stray and be a bit unfaithful to Esan, but, whenever I do, I am almost invariably disappointed that I don't get the regular deliciousness, warm smiles, and delicious lemon-infused water that I get at Esan.If you're dining in the warmer months, eating outside makes for some fantastic people watching on Park Ave.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,6/24/2014,131,184,3,9,3>I came to the May rodeo and I had many different feelings. At first when I walked in, I was thinking wow this is freaking amazing, I am so excited. Then as my husband and I started to walk around to the different food trucks I was thinking holy cow, this is freaking overwhelming. Then after we looked at what all of the trucks were offering I was thinking wow this is freaking sad, I want everything and I can't afford it and my tummy won't allow for it. After walking around my husband knew what he wanted and he went and stood in line. Once he was in line I walked around a little more to figure out what it is that I want. I picked macarollin' and I was pleased with my pick. My husband ate at Marty's Meats and got a sandwich. He enjoyed his and I enjoyed mine. The wait times wound up not being too bad despite the long lines.Our only issue was with a dessert truck that was there (I can't remember the name). We got in line which didn't take too long but then once we ordered our funnel cake we were told the wait was going to be about 20 minutes. That is a long time to wait for some funnel cake. Then the people who were calling out orders were getting angry with each other and they had a poor system of calling food and helping customers. One of the women even gave a deaf person attitude for not hearing her when she called out their number.... Of course they can't hear you, they are deaf!!!There isn't much seating so if you don't want to stand either bring chairs or a blanket to sit on. You can bring in 1 sealed bottle of water which will help save you some money. I wish there were some smaller portions or sampling sizes so this way you can try more things from many trucks. The other thing that bothered me was the fact that the lines were so long for certain trucks. It seemed that some lines crossed each other and you weren't really sure which line you were in. It also made it difficult to walk truck to truck to see their menu.Overall, Adam & I will be back for the next. We would like to keep sampling different places. I love the idea of this and that Rochester actually does it.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,7/7/2013,30,41,5,5,3>After meandering around at the Food Truck Rodeo, I spotted all these people with delicious looking little waffles.  It was on like Donkey Kong.  I had to try one.  At The Wafel Cart, you get a waffle plus two toppings for five dollars.  They also have the "Trashwaf" for seven dollars, which is a waffle plus every topping they have, with the exception of peanut butter (not sure why this was omitted).I ordered the two-topping waffle, with bananas and Belgian fudge.  The waffle itself was thick, with a crispy warm outside coated with confectionary sugar.  The texture differed from the inside, which was undercooked and soft, but still at a high temperature.  It was like eating a freshly baked cookie that was crispy on the outside but still raw on the inside.  But this wasn't a bad thing.  I'm pretty sure this is what The Wafel Cart is going for --- a carnival like, fried dough kind of food that tastes good and is fun to eat.  The nickel-sliced bananas on top combined perfectly with the dark chocolate tasting, hot, oily-textured Belgian Fudge.  The toppings were judiciously apportioned with the waffle, so that I could have both the bananas and fudge with every bite.  My companion ordered the Trashwaf, which was naturally a bit more filling than mine.  Since she couldn't finish it, I graciously volunteered to help her out and have some.  Weirdly enough, the Trashwaf made sense, as the pecans especially paired delectably with the maple syrup and nutella, creating a toffee-like taste that sharply contrasted with the strawberries and whipped cream. I would have given The Wafel Cart five stars but the service was slow.  Numerous people that ordered after me were served with their waffle before I was (damn them!).  But the bottom line here is these waffles are delicious.  Give in to temptation.  Do it.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,7/6/2013,62,103,1,1,1>This place is just plain cool.  It's everything you would expect from a real East Coast diner.  I was looking around for Guy Fieri and his stupid spiky hair.  We went for breakfast on a Saturday, and the place was packed.  We ended up sitting at the counter which only added to the diner experience.  I had the Gyro Egg Sandwich.  It was perfect, with eggs, feta, onions and slices of lamb gyro meat, all served in a large pita.  It was a lot of food, and came with a side of home fries.  These were awesome!   Potatoes with just a little crunchy burn on the bottom, from being cooked on a real deal diner griddle!  We will be back.  I gotta try the Challah French Toast.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,7/5/2013,3,14,,2,2>My girlfriend and I had a GREAT meal here at Nick's! We were greeted by Nick himself and had prompt, friendly service throughout our whole meal. Bread and salad are served with entrees (can't go wrong with that!) and came out quickly. I got the fish fry and had no complaints. HUGE portions, had to box most of mine up. Great waitress, funky old school decor and  decent prices. If you're looking for a restaurant "off the map" so to speak, head to Nick's!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/4/2013,7,25,,3,1>I love getting breakfast pastries from here! It is very small, but the quality is awesome. I've been told you can order cakes and such, but I always just drop in after I go to the butcher next door. I can easily find a nice dessert for after dinner or a yummy treat for breakfast the next morning. I also love their smiley face cookies. My husband recommends the mini cakes as a nice treat when you have guests with a sweet tooth.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,7/3/2013,14,106,,3,3>Who would have thought that one of the best burgers I've ever had would come from a food truck?!  Love their food, never had a bad meal and the prices are reasonable.Besides, gotta love the fact that even though they had shut down for the day and were getting ready to leave the public market, when we stopped by for a friend to get some lunch they fired everything back up and made her some food.  Such amazing customer service!
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,7/2/2013,96,358,5,4,4>Accidentally discovered this place during Fairport Canal Days, then accidentally walked in, then accidentally tried five flavors and bought a hand-packed pint to go? Oops.First we spotted the artisan chocolates. We asked if they were made in store but the employee said no, they get them from Oregon. He boasted about how they are made with all-natural ingredients, even the coloring. I was looking for something local, so I moved onto the ice cream.What about these? Yes, most are made here. The ones in the white tubs, to be specific (the others come from Maine). They rotate flavors daily and have had some really crazy flavors (bacon, buffalo chicken, lemongrass ginger, pinot noir). I tasted several: pinot noir, an oatmeal flavor, browned butter, mango raspberry, and I think one more. He was eager to tell us about each one. The oatmeal and browned butter were standout flavors. Since we had just eaten dinner and dessert, we left the store empty-handed. My friend couldn't stop thinking about the browned butter flavor, and we returned to inquire about pints. They packed one right in front of us for $6 and we left satisfied.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,7/1/2013,66,245,,7,4>Trips usually vary between a 5 and a 4 star. We are about 100-something reviews deep and honestly most of them already touched on the pluses-and-minuses of Good Luck. The only thing I have to stress is that you should be prepared to share your food and share the bill. Anyway, I haven't noticed a mention of what I think is one of the best parts of Good Luck: The Inspired Table events. My wonderful spouse took me to one of these for a graduation gift. Very, very cool. For these events the restaurant remains closed, the chef's get to roll out a multi-course, themed menu, there is alcohol pairing, and sometimes there is something else (i.e. music, a speaker, etc.) These events are not cheap, so you'll probably want to be selective about which ones you go to, but the one I went to was Wine Country themed and it was amazing. On that night they had a vinter in from Napa and a 5 course meal. That was probably the last time I had food that I really oooohed and ahhed over. Not all of the inspired table events appeal to me because some of them are very specific (i.e. one theme was offal, not for me) but I do have to say they ALL look very creative and well thought out. All the event listings are on their webpage and you have to make reservations to go. They often sell out so keep and eye out in advance to see if something piques your interest.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,6/30/2013,129,393,,3,2>I wish I had more customers on the west side of Monroe County... Leaf & Bean is *just* far enough away from my stomping grounds to make it inconvenient. However, I do enjoy swinging out that way when my work warrants it. Beautiful shop, exquisite grub & a superior cup of Joe. Just enjoyed a late lunch there... I dined on one of their specials, a unique take on a Cuban sandwich. Tasty! I also THOROUGHLY enjoyed my iced soy latte. Wow! Puts Starbucks to shame. It's worth the time & effort to seek out Leaf & Bean... give it a whirl!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,6/29/2013,59,211,,2,3>Love the food here. Bold flavors, fresh veggies, and great service!I am currently trying to cut down on my sugar consumption and was concerned that I would not be able to order much out of their menu. They made my order without added sugar, and just the right amount of spice!The meal was delicious and guilt free!Everyone talks about their curry puffs, and I must say it's true, they are amazing! But their Tom yum soup is also excellent, full of veggies in a flavorful broth.I think it is the best Thai restaurant in the Rochester area right now. Although I do love Esan, Saks' food is better.My complaints? Well, they are too far! and they need to keep the water coming when I am eating their wonderfully spicy food!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,6/28/2013,7,7,,4,3>When I decided to study martial arts, I knew I wanted a comprehensive system. Not *just* kicking and punching, not *just* grappling, not *just* street combat... I wanted a discipline that taught all aspects of martial art. I also wanted one that was traditional... that sought to keep alive the traditions of the past and that had a focus on values and discipline. I found all this and more at Kuk Sool Won in Rochester. The instruction is top notch. The facility has everything you need. Overall it represents a tremendous value, because it offers fitness, self-defense, self-discipline and personal growth. Do yourself a favor and stop in for a visit.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,12/24/2013,28,102,1,4,2>Would a chicken wing by any other name taste just as amazing? Like the meaning life or the question of how many licks does it take to get to the center of a toosie roll... we will probably never know!!What we do know, is that Fridays from 5-9 McKenzie's Pub puts out a plethora of $0.35 wings in about a dozen different flavors. I tend to stick to 2 maybe 3 flavors but their veteran waiters are ready for even the craziest of requests. One of my chicken comprades will often get 2 of this flavor, 4 of that, 1 of another (just to try it) 3 of this other kind. I don't know how the waitress doesn't loose it but she doesn't lol. The wings are decent sized and usually come out pretty quick. Beer specials and crispy fries or onion rings go great on the size and although the place draws a crowd, we've always been able to find a table. The only down side is the Kareoke, or maybe it's an upside for you, at the very least the ongoing Kareoeke antics in the background can give you something to sing along with or have a laugh about. Go get some wings this Friday and I promise you'll be glad you did!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,12/23/2013,0,2,,7,1>My first experience at Bomaby Chaat House was amazing and the owners are very friendly and game me and my friends a very warm welcome. I am from India and would say that the chaat here is better than anywhere else in Rochester and is very close to what you will get back home. The have a good menu of chat to choose from and the chai I had was the best. Do try the mirch pakora and Jalebi. I would also recommend samosa chat and dahi paapdi chat. Do keep in mind that the place is small with only 5-6 tables and also credit card is accepted for $8 or more. I would recommend for anyone who's never tried Indian Chat before or If you miss chat from India.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/22/2013,80,59,2,4,2>Can't believe I haven't reviewed this place yet, being a regular and all! We go every Thursday but have occasionally gone on a Friday or Saturday as well. Sometimes its a bit busy and other times its a bit dead but I always have a good time here. The cocktails are impeccably crafted! They follow a specific formula for all the cocktails on their menu so they are consistently amazing. They have cocktails with all kinds of alcohols, so there is something for everyone! They have the classics like old fashions and they have drinks I have never seen anywhere but there. Each one good in its own way. My personal favorite is definitely the Stormy Morning which I literally get every time I am there. The cocktails are around 9 dollars a piece, which isn't too bad for cocktails. I have seen much worse. The atmosphere is nice here as well. It's got the small dark prohibition style. Something about it is just so appealing to me, and I enjoy being inside. I've also always found the crowd there to be a good group. The people who hang out there tend to be the kind of people I enjoy hanging out with. Probably the best part of the whole experience for me is the bartenders! They are genuinely great people. Every time we have come they have been very helpful and friendly. And now that we come all the time and they know us, we usually end up sitting at the bar and chatting with them the whole time we are there. It's possible that I love this place wayyy too much! But this is exactly the kind of bar I have always wanted in Rochester and I love going there every week. Also another plus is if you end up craving wine you can always just run downstairs and grab some from Solera!
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,12/21/2013,100,146,,6,2>Really good, fast and cheap Dominican food. Get here early because they are more of a cafeteria style place so when they run out of something you are out of luck. Also, there is no menu and the daily selection varies. I usually go with a stewed meat over white rice.This is a no frills place but still a good choice.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,12/20/2013,52,128,2,5,5>Tandoor of India is my favorite restaurant thus far in all of Rochester!They seem to be always be busy probably because of their fabulous AYCE lunch every day of the week. (Check their website for change in prices depending on the day.)The restaurant itself is cozy.  The servers are attentive and come by frequently to fill up water and take away dirty plates.  Fresh food is constantly flowing out of the kitchen to replenish the buffet bar.I have absolutely no complaints about any of their dishes.  You'll just have to go check them out to know what I'm talking about.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,12/19/2013,14,106,,3,3>How has it taken me so long to write this review?!  I love this place and how much tastier my cooking and salad dressings are using the specialty olive oil and vinegars from here.The staff is wonderful and will give you advice on pairings (you can sample before you buy) and sometimes even recipe cards if they match what you're buying.  They have also started carrying the sampler packs year round, which is a great way to try a few things without purchasing the full size bottles.Always great to have businesses like this in the community.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/18/2013,26,245,2,3,2>Wow -this was a pleasant surprise!  For some reason, the name "Tony D's" does not conjure up anything amazing, not sure why.  But behold - the coal fired pizza is phenomenal.  We asked the waitress for a wine recommendation and she came back with an awesome red.  We sat by the cooking station and the cooks/chefs actually gave us a sample of a few items that they cooked more than they needed.  I've only gone once but want to go again and try some other pizza's or venture outside the box. No complaints here - I would go here if I were you...
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,12/17/2013,14,12,1,6,3>Stergios and the staff of La Luna provided the catering and service for our wedding last June and they did an amazing job.  Everyone had a great time, the food was delicious, the service was stellar, and Stergios made sure everything came off without a hitch.We've also had the pleasure of eating at the restaurant several times and enjoyed it every time.  I recommend the arancini, the beautiful caprese salad, the pasta dishes are all delicious, and the chicken marsala was a big hit at the wedding.  They also have a full bar and make excellent cocktails.The view from the terrace is amazing, whenever I bring out of town guests to the area to check out the High Falls, I make sure to stop in at La Luna.I can't say enough about what a great job Stergios did for us on our wedding day, and if you are looking to have a wedding in this beautiful space overlooking high falls, definitely talk to the folks at La Luna. They definitely did right by us!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,12/16/2013,1,20,,2,1>I had lunch at The Galley two days in a row and was very satisfied with each meal. The prices are reasonable, the portions ample, and the service was great.  With only a half hour to order and eat, the waitress really hustled to get me my order in a timely manner.  On day one I had a chicken wrap that was the luncheon special at $4.99.  It was delicious with fresh bacon, lettuce, tomatoes and a terrific sauce.  I had the special the second day also.  It was tuna noodle casserole which I enjoyed, but the portion was so large, I brought at least half of it home.  I think the typical customer is older and I imagine they have a large following of regulars.  Is it fine dining?  No, but if you adjust your expectations to what is normally found in a neighborhood bar, I think you'll enjoy it.  We'll try the fish fry soon and update this review.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,12/15/2013,113,212,,5,5>This place is amazing. I've walked by numerous times, but only walked in for the first time yesterday.Nathaniel Square Corner Store probably has more craft beers per square foot than Beers of the World. I was truly impressed with their selection. They had some of my favorite IPAs from breweries such as Tröegs, Dogfish Head, Flying Dog and Founders. Although I don't live within walking distance from Nathaniel's, it's still much more convenient than driving to Beers of the World. I will never settle for buying beer from Tops anymore. They also have 4 taps of rotating beers and offer growler fills to go.I was in a bit of rush, so I did not pay close attention to their non-beer offerings. The guy working the register was friendly. Definitely another gem in the South Wedge area!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,3/24/2014,13,48,3,5,8>OMG!! THEY'RE BACK!!!Stopped by the old Fabrics and Findings found that they are open again.  At last I can get my muslin cloth and canvas again. The store has been taken over by the upholstery department and the layout is much better.  They sell a lot of pottery, I know strange right? But on a "my grandmother used to work there" level it really works.  LOL.The best part of the store is that everything is laid out, no need to dig around.  I like that! I still miss the multi-level old place, but I guess I can get used to that.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,3/23/2014,28,4,2,7,5>The establishment is relaxing, with water, coffee, and light snacks offered upon entering. Relaxing music and reading materials is also provided.My hair is unruly at best.  Cowlicks on multiple areas of my head, with thick hair that fortunately (or unfortunately) stays in whatever position I last placed it. Pieter has the skill and patience to work with me and my hair and beard to make me looking my best each time. I have trouble describing what I want done, but he helps me through it and isn't afraid to take the reins. I have no doubt that the other barbers there would be able to take care of me if I was unable to book with him, though. You can tell Pieter really enjoys what he does, and his beard grooming is top-notch.The shop has seen some growing pains since I started going there. It was just Michael and Pieter on the roster, but it has grown to include 4 barbers now, and they still accept walk-ins. Although you can walk in, I would recommend highly that you schedule an appointment online through their website.  It's easy and quick, and guarantees that you don't have to wait or return later.  I've found my barber, and now I'll go nowhere else in the city.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,3/22/2014,60,62,3,5,4>We love Lori's.  It has all of our natural food needs covered and it's not too much more expensive than it would be at Wegmans.  That said, I do get most of my boxed/canned/jarred stuff at Wegs still, but the produce is great, and you can't beat the spices and bulk.  It's good stuff.  The staff is incredibly friendly and they always remember you.  It's very veggie, vegan, and gluten free friendly, so it has my stamp of approval.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,3/21/2014,59,211,,6,5>I must say, I became a fan of this sport when I went to see it!The rules are a bit tricky to get, and we don't have a full grasp of them, but we managed to follow the game and have a ton of fun!When I went to the Derby a few years ago, it was an exhibition game, so it wasn't as intense as this game (this one was a championship game). They ladies were intense! The games go fast, and there were very few timeouts! Fast paced and intense!A few issues though, the food choices are limited, and so are the beer choices, and the dome arena was freezing! Bring some blankets. Also,get suicide seats, the game is way more intense to watch up close.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/1/2013,3/20/2014,63,111,3,6,4>I've been  driving past this place for years in my 'hood. If there is ever a sign of good restaurant, its when the lot is full of cars. El Latino is a quick take out joint that has a wide variety of foods on any given day. After hearing people at work rave about the amazing meals, we decided to give it a try and we are glad that we did. Their serving sizes are, "HUGE Rochester HUGE," as they say. The plates are served by size in small, medium and  large.  The large is big enough for at least two meals. On the buffet, they had beans and rice, ribs, baked chicken, black & pinto beans, pulled pork, cabbage, empanadas, shrimp & crab rice and much more. All that we tried was good, but be forewarned that if you're not a meat eater then you'll probably be out of luck here unless you order a specialty item ahead of time. My hubby loved the food, but if I were going back again, I would order from the menu as opposed to the buffet simply because there wasn't a lot available for my needs. This is recommended for anyone wanting  quick takeout of this variety.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,3/19/2014,31,15,,7,3>I went to Nikko last night for my friend's birthday and have visited the restaurant on several occasions. They were very accommodating with reservations on short notice. I primarily get sushi when I go but they have a variety of other dining options (last night's specials were particularly tempting). Favorite rolls include Nikkospice, Rainbow, and 7th Level - which is very spicy and comes topped with jalapeño slices. I have enjoyed the calamari salad in the past, but that appears to have been removed from the menu for now. They also have a fantastic wine and cocktail selection. While they are a little on the pricey end for sushi, I have never been disappointed and it's always worth it!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,3/18/2014,29,55,,8,4>My father and I went to Lemoncello on a referral about the chicken parm. I have to say I really, really loved the decor in there and how quiet and small it was. It wasn't so small that everybody was sitting on top of each other, but it was still cozy. The bread was delicious and my food was excellent. My dad got the Chicken Parm and said it was delicious. I believe I ordered the ravioli. Our server was very kind and quick to get us whatever we needed.The only thing that I wish we could have as an option is a different dressing for the salad. I love lemon, and I thought the dressing was decent, but not something I would want every single time I go. Other than that, a great little place to go for a quiet, and delicious dinner.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,3/17/2014,17,64,,5,3>i had an awesome burger named caprese burger. it had pesto, mozzarella, tomato, and soaked in guiness balesmic dressing. very juicy and tasty and big. my mouth was watering. the fries were quite salty, but good. i also had a martini called lemon strawberry drop or something. very tasty as well and didn't have a that strong taste, but was strong i'm sure. i like my fruity sweet drinks.ive been here twice before and just had the duck quesadilla and other time just drinks at the bar. the bar is downstairs then you go up where there are 2 different levels for eating. the set up is unique and i like that. it does get loud on busy nights however which is distracting. i also wish there was more on the menu. there is quite a few things, but i was picky that night i got the burger haha. i'd like to try the other stuff though.i would come here again for drinks and dinner.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/16/2014,19,134,,5,3>My office had our Christmas party here... We all loved it! The food was excellent! We ordered almost every app to sample. I got a steak as my entree and it was DELICIOUS! Fries were unbelievable! Then we ordered a bunch of different desserts and shared those as well. Yummy!Huge beer selection (which I was unable to partake in sampling.) People in my party enjoyed the beer flights.Would love to return again in the warmer months! Not a huge fan of parking in a garage and then trudging around Rochester sidewalks in the snow. Blah!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,3/15/2014,30,12,,6,5>I've recently become a brunch fanatic and have been dining quite often at Flour City Bakery, pretty much every Saturday I've been free. I want to start with the ladies up front: they are sweet, charming, and just precious. The baked goods are all on display to tempt you and beckon you to buy them. For some reason the whole place, as tiny as it is, makes me feel so comforted and I swear the place always seems sunny. I love my spinach and feta croissant but I do also love everything else behind that glass display and I'm lucky to get even one as I'm not an early riser! What else, oh! Buy their bread! Raisin fennel bread is my favorite!! Also, they just started making these macaroons recently and wow, amazing! My boyfriend and I just buy them in bulk now (pack of 6). The outer crunchy shell and the inner gooey center are packed with delicious flavors, like pistachio! Get all the baked goods you can get your hands on and then go grab a cup of coffee and feast!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,12/14/2013,14,14,3,5,4>Last time I saw people having this fries in public market but wasn't able to find her truck. It smelled so good that I just couldn't help trying finding them anywhere else around the city in the following week. Her fries tastes so good, it's not overwhelmed by gravy and cheese, but still savory. The potato is fresh, crispy, still keeps the tastes of a real potato. I love fries a lot, it's definitely on my top list for best fries. Also, she has a twitter, which makes a lot easier to find her truck.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,12/13/2013,164,83,4,9,4>Like most Dominican salons this one is primarily Spanish speaking and its walk ins only. Follow this procedure: 1. Walk in and stop at front desk 2. Tell receptionist what you want, s/he'll (this time it's a male) give you a slip and direct you to the styling area. 3. A shampooer will give you the shampoo and condish of your life then she will "set" you in (rollers) 4. Then you'll sit under a dryer. Your stylist will then come get you. To African American Naturals who are thinking about trying a Dominican Salon:Most Dominicans share the same hair type as African Americans with natural hair. If you are African American with Natural Hair and are sensitive about the amount of heat and pressure that is applied to your hair, DO NOT come here or any Dominican salon. The Dominican way of detangling and styling hair yields a soft bouncy texture that lasts, however, there is a process to achieve these results without chemicals. I am natural (3 years) and there are times where I just don't feel like doing my hair and at their prices, I am always in!I have been here twice and I have not experienced breakage or heat damage simply because I start off with a head of strong healthy hair. If you know you are prone to breakage, your hair may not be strong enough for this styling process.Because this place is really popular and offer great pricing, you may feel like you are being rushed or someone is being impatient with you. Remember this isn't a hair spa. You will get in and get out with no frills or special treatment. I walked in and there were literally 15 women (all of different shapes colors and hair textures) waiting, and I walked out. I am glad I found this place. I realize that because I am fluent in Spanish, I can communicate with my needs with my stylists better than most, however if you try, they will listen.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,12/12/2013,31,13,5,5,4>It was my brother and his fiancées rehearsal dinner, and what a fine establishment to have it at. We spent the night in the test kitchen, which is an interesting concept. Some of the older folks in the crowd were not accustom to being in the kitchen while going out for dinner. But I liked it because it was a conversation starter and not typical.The cheese tray with fruit and nuts was by far one of the best I have come across and I know my cheeses. I even hit it up after dessert. Although we brought our own wine with a $10 corking fee (I recommend this option) there was an extensive beer selection. Of course mixed drinks were an option too and whatever they did not have at the test kitchen bar they would quickly retrieve from the front bar. I have been here a handful of times and like the Floor plan. In my opinion the main bar is one of the nicest in Rochester. Lucky for my uncle and I we were introduced to a very important man... the booze buyer. Over the next 20 minutes over drinks and a lengthy discussion on all types of tequilas. Great service and even better staff that know what they are pouring.From what I can recall I had pork belly with apple. Macaroni and cheese, two types of thin pizza a red sauce and a white with Brie and slices of apple. There was also a salmon dish which I surprisingly enjoyed very much.There were a couple other tapas I forgot about but all of the food was delicious. Dessert were s'mores and they were legitimate, thick dark chocolate base with marshmallow below graham. I had two and they were almost as rich as the Wegmans family... Almost  As you can guess with anything from this perfect grocery store you get what you pay for.  At Wegmans what you pay for is typically at a premium compared to other supermarkets. But being from Rochester and a loyal customer I dig it and will come back to Next Door. My belly was happy ALL NIGHT LONG.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2013,12/11/2013,65,118,1,6,4>Delicious meal at Tap & Table last night. We went with a group of 6 family & friends. Everyone enjoyed their main dishes with really no complaints (which was a first there, actually). We are used to lots of 3.5 star meals (some 3s, some 4s) from them, and have enjoyed eating there many times; this was the best so far. Their menu is updated for fall and they knocked our main courses out of the park last night!For apps we tried the apple dish and the duck flatbread special. Apple dish was yummy and flavorful with the blue cheese and walnuts and the vinaigrette they made. Even the salad garnish was really good. They used thin-skinned apples, which was perfect. We'd give this 4 stars.The duck flatbread was good too. I thought the duck was overcooked (I like mine rare/med-rare) but others in our party thought it was just right. It wasn't tough or dry. The flatbread had an awesome grilled flavor, and the greens and cheese were good. It was missing a sauce that would have pulled the whole thing together better. 3 stars for this one.I had the pasta carbonara. I am picky about carbonara because we have had awesome ones in Italy and made our own delicious version at home, so I had to see how T & T stacked up. So the sauce was perfect - awesomely creamy, traditional egg yolk sauce, with plenty of pepper and cheese, but not too thick at all! So nice. The pepper was seriously great. The Flour City pasta was fresh tasting and perfectly cooked. I loved the bacon and the peas. Good quality bacon, it seemed, which is essential. They should keep this dish on their menu!Another friend at the table also got it and loved it. 5 stars for this dish.My husband had the chicken breast with a gritty corn pudding-cake, cipollini onions, and a yummy pan jus. I tried a few bites and really enjoyed it. The sauce was light but flavorful. Chicken breast was perfectly cooked with a nice sear on both sides. The corn pudding-cake thing was different, but really good. It had a nice gritty texture that contrasted well with the rest of the dish and wasn't sweet, which was good. Cipollini onions were perfectly pan fried and perfectly sweet.  I don't normally order chicken, but I would go back to try this again as my own main course. Husband would give this one a 4.Our brother had the shrimp and grits which had yummy andouille. Deliciously hot & spicy (but not overwhelming) grits and sauce, big perfectly-cooked shrimp, and nice spicy andouille. It was also a winner and just what he was craving. We'd give this a 5.One of our friends had the vegetable cannelloni and really enjoyed it. Thankfully the vegetables were not overcooked, which would seem easy to do when they're so thin. They were also well-flavored. The herb sauce and goat cheese were delicious too. Perfect for vegetarians, of course. Also a 4.For dessert we had the apple crisp which had perfectly flavored and textured crust, nicely cooked (but not mushy!) apples, and a delicious, standard cinnamon-infused sauce. It was warm, of course. I would have loved house-made caramel on top, but they served it with whipped cream and strawberries that were also good. We'd give it a 4.The pistachio and Concord grape "cheesecake" is totally different than any other cheesecake we've seen. First of all, it's basically dollops of each flavor in a circle, so 2 dollops of pistachio and 2 dollops of grape (see the pic I posted for a better idea). The dollops were on top of this crumble crust, which was good. The pistachio dollop was so awesome and intensely flavored pistachio - perfect! The grape dollop was meh - could have been way better. I could also live without the grape sauce around the outside of the dish. The cheesecake dollops weren't too cream cheesy, which was nice. They also had a cool mousse texture. Very interesting dessert. Pistachio parts were a 5. Concord grape parts were a 2 (to me and my husband). We also just straight up questioned the pistachio-grape combination. Aren't there better combinations with pistachio? It would be interesting to see pistachio and chocolate dollops or some other flavors. The carrot cake was also different. It wasn't too sweet, which was great, and it was nice and moist (I hate that word, but it's very accurate here). The frosting was traditional cream cheese. Instead of frosting on top it was pretty thick frosting between equally sized layers of cake. See the pic I posted for a better idea. It had a cool caramel sauce around the outside and was yummy. I personally thought there was too much frosting and would have liked a different cake-frosting ratio, but overall I liked it. I should bring a slice to my dad to see what he thinks because he loves carrot cake and adores the frosting. 3 for this one.Overall a really enjoyable meal. As usual the restaurant was loud, but we got a table in their quietest section (left of the hostess stand) and our group was happy there.Drinks were good, but our main courses were the highlight.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,12/10/2013,84,227,2,8,3>During my brief flirtations with vegetarianism I worked hard to embrace the experience and really focus on the ingredients in their original form as much as possible. I didn't want to just replace all of the meats with vegetarian/vegan substitutes and truthfully I've always been leery about the quality and taste of them compared to my beloved meats of all kinds. Even though I pride myself in being adventurous, I had never really given them a chance, but when my new blog friend Chris from Exploring the Burned Over District and The Curious and Uncommon wanted to visit the all vegan Red Fern just off of Park Ave on Oxford St, I jumped at the opportunity to see what I've been missing. For those that are connected with the vegan scene, the owner of Red Fern was a part of The Owl House at launch and eventually ended up leaving in 2012 to expand upon her vegan and specialty diet friendly options at this new place which launched a couple weeks ago. FYI, If I mention anything through the article that would usually have meat related or dairy items, there was a vegan substitute used.After a brief chat with the owner (Chris is friends with her), we took a seat in their outdoor area and grabbed their Pickled Things (actual name on the menu IIRC) and Kale Chips to start our meal. I'm a big fan of pickled items in general and Red Fern's selection didn't disappoint. A wide variety of fresh veggies including cauliflower, brussels sprouts, carrots, hot peppers and corn were pickled in a vinegar based solution to a good balance point where they remained crisp and didn't cross into the overwhelming vinegar flavor that can often happen. Although I prefer a fermented pickle over the vinegar variety, this was a good version of the latter and I would order it again. The kale chips were nicely crunchy and had a good amount of garlic and salt seasoning for me. It definitely concentrates the kale flavor so if you don't like greens I'd shy away from these but they were on point for my tastes.I used the quesadilla as my main course and although it appeared similar to the traditional version, the ingredients were not. Starting off with the brown rice tortilla which was well toasted and the thin crunch without gluten was good texturally for the dish. The fillings were vegan cashew cheese, faux italian sausage, pickled peppers and Small World Foods fermented garlic. Another textural success with cheese that felt right and between the seasoning of the sausage chunks and the fermented garlic a very full flavored and well developed dish. You could tell that it was thought out in advance with intent to make sure you aren't missing anything by not having meat. Well done and this dish made me a convert at least when the execution is this good. The lemon mayo was thick and had plenty of lemon and the salad was acceptable with a good balsamic dressing.My meat loving compatriot ordered the steak bomber made with seitan steak cooked with mushrooms and a savory sauce served on Flour City Bread foccacia bread. He was more leery than I was about the vegan concept, but he ended up enjoying his sandwich a great deal. From the bite that I had, I could really taste the mushrooms and although the texture of the steak was a bit lacking compared to the real thing, I would still be happy eating it. The cold, chunky sweet potato salad was just barely sweet, studded with veggies and had the feel of a hearty mashed potato more than what most people think of as potato salad.Our dessert was a peanut caramel apple pie bar that was a bit of an up and down affair. I enjoyed the raw oat combined with the dark flavors of the roasted peanuts and the caramel sauce but the other Chris had a bit of difficulty reconciling it as a real dessert which I can understand. It definitely errs toward the health food side of things despite what I would consider to be a decent amount of sweetness.The meal was a solid success in my book and I'll be headed back again soon to see what else they have in store for the fall and winter seasons. The interior of the restaurant was a good balance between modern and rustic and had a comfortable feel to it and I'd have no issue sitting in there for my next meal. Check out Red Fern for some well made vegan food and another good option on Park Ave!For pictures and comments please see my review at Food About Town.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,12/9/2013,131,324,5,6,6>Having grown up in a town that was 75% Jewish and had several delicious delis, I can safely say that Brownstein's offers everything a Jew could possibly want and more! From the Dr. Browns soda to the Joya chocolate covered Jellies, you can find everything you want when you have a craving during lunch. My only gripe against the place is that they aren't open past lunch. I've had their corned beef and baked salmon salad, and both sandwiches were incredible. The thing that really makes the sandwich is the bread, and their marble rye is among the best I've ever had. I would consider buying a loaf and eating it for lunch if that was socially acceptable. It isn't? Oh well, maybe I'll do it anyways. Mazel Tov Brownstein's. You are ruining my wallet, but I love you for it.Note: They only accept cash or checks, so don't forget to bring lots of cash!
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,12/8/2013,67,135,3,7,4>Brunch at Banzai is a WOW; can't wait to come back with more friends!  No sushi in sight, just tons of organic, well-made, absolutely delicious food.Pro tip:  Not too many people have discovered brunch here yet so there's no miserable hungover/hangry waiting line like at the usual hot-spots, and they will hold a table for you if you call ahead with a group.  We arrived on a Sunday around 2.  It was about a quarter full.Drinks:  The french-press coffee at the table was great, and the morning-after beverages (mimosas, blushing mimosas, bloody mary) looked awesome.Food:  ORDER THE SPECIALS.  The regular-menu food is good, but the chef makes something new and delectable each weekend and I highly recommend you take advantage of that if it sounds good at all.  I got a breakfast burrito with peppers, beans, cheese, eggs, sausage, and some other yummy stuff; it was to die for.  Mike got the benedict sandwich, which he thought was good until he had a bite of my burrito (I let him finish it; it was huge).  The hash browns were very good, but they don't come with the meals and I don't think I needed that much more food.  The only downside was that because everything's made fresh, they'd run out of a few key ingredients by two (the Hedonist maple-bacon ice cream which was supposed to come with the waffle was gone, as was the pico de gallo for my burrito).  The specials aren't posted anywhere, but I'm sure if you call around 10 you can find out what they are.  Service:  Our server was super-friendly and really enthusiastic.  The food took a while, but doesn't all good food?One word of warning:  The menu is limited, and this is not the place to go if you're looking for eggs/toast/bacon for $5.  The deliciousness is worth the price, but you won't find cheap staples here.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,12/7/2013,38,46,,3,3>AHmazing massage!  Erin is a certified LMT who loves what she does. She listens, targets, improves and makes you feel great by the time you leave. She admittedly is a "geek about this stuff because I love it so much."  She said she is always reading up on new techniques and trying them out so she's always improving and can provide the best to her clients.  Can't wait for my next one!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,12/6/2013,39,86,1,5,4>Worth every penny. Terrific trainers. Gorgeous horses. Everything in tip-top shape. Plenty of space with both indoor and outdoor rings. Competitions on site. Located right inside of Mendon Ponds Park.  Highly recommend for lessons.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,12/5/2013,16,32,,6,2>My stupid cat scratched up my girlfriend's expensive Fossil purse when she came over. Called up Cobbler's Corner, not really hoping for the best but decided to give them a shot. The purse is even better than new now, you can't tell it was ever scratched and they even got rid of some other stains that were on it. Only charged $15, a lot better than having to buy her a new $200 bag! The staff was great, fast turnaround time, these guys are a hidden gem in the area!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/25/2013,151,13,5,6,6>I moved to Rochester from Chicago, which has rightfully earned its reputation as a hot dog town. I've eaten the best of the best: Hot Doug's, Wiener's Circle, and the so-called "life-changing" Superdawg. Dogtown goes toe-to-toe with and, yes, even exceeds the Windy City's best wursts.I could stare at Dogtown's menu for hours, debating the relative merits of salsa vs. sauerkraut, chili vs. cheddar, and feta on a footlong. The dog lineup is simply insane, with a frank for nearly every type of taste bud. Dogtown uses pretty standard Zweigle's hot dogs, which can certainly be bought at any Wegmans. But some black magic happens between the counter and the kitchen: twenty-odd expertly selected toppings are added to the mix, transporting you to Boston, Chicago, Berlin, Athens, and El Paso. The "Greek Stray," with tzaziki, kalamata olives, pepperoncini, and feta, is Olympic-caliber. The "Caribbean Wild Dog," with sweet Jamaica relish, onions, and cheddar, is howlingly great. And the "Irish Setter," with Russian dressing, corned beef, kraut, and melted Swiss, is... ok, I ran out of dog puns. It's just insanely tasty.Great bread (French bread always, no soggy buns), terrific sides (try the sweet potato fries), incredible prices (dinner for two for under $10) and an incredibly welcoming staff make this one of the absolute best options for a quick, cheap, and definitely unhealthy meal in the Park/Monroe area.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,10/24/2013,24,225,,7,3>Atlas is a very cool little place. An anomaly in a world of 20 page menus full of mediocre offerings, you will find here a concise, streamlined menu, but each item is superbly crafted and perfected in seemingly small details, which add up to a very special experience. We had breakfast/brunch and also purchased several items from the bake shop. My husband and I each had a sort of open faced breakfast sandwich with a a perfectly cooked egg, bacon, fresh salsa, avocado on ciabatta bread, artfully bedded on wonderfully dressed salad greens, with a hint of cilantro. Very simple yet very satisfying,The pastries and breads are excellent. If you go on a Sunday, a must try is their Russian braid which is a brioche with an almost streusel- like filling of cinnamon, almond paste, nuts---super delicious with their great coffee...which our server told us is a  local roasters personalized blend made for Atlas, consisting of 4 different coffee regions, as a nod to the restaurant's geographic theme. And speaking of our server, she could have not been more gracious or welcoming, and it was busy! The proprietors were also very present and working the floor and kitchen, also super nice, chatting up the patrons frequently. The pride in their restaurant was evident, as well they have cause to be.The space itself is smallish, but very cleanly designed with lots of light and space along with interesting architectural details---check out the tin ceiling. It's rather a "grown up" restaurant---our extremely picky grade school aged children who were with us, were less enthusiastic--no dumbed down kids menu, crayons, or commercial sodas here,(although the homemade orangina was a refreshing sweet-tart effervescent concoction). The next time we go to Atlas, it's babysitter time :) which is ok...grown ups need a little fun sometimes too ! My husband and I are eager to return for one of the restaurant's dinner series in the near future.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,10/23/2013,0,5,7,8,4>This place is straight up yummy in my tummy. I would eat all the stuffed avocados they had in the kitchen if I could. Drinks rock too, especially the sangria. Service was polite, attentive and prompt, can't ask for much more there. Did have to walk a bit from the parking lot, but the weather was good, so it wasn't really a big deal.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,10/22/2013,44,33,5,6,5>Remember that "low bridge, everybody down" song that you sang in elementary school for the unit on the Erie Canal? You get the live-action version on the Mary Jemison. I loved this two-hour cruise.  I had the pleasure of experiencing it for only $10 as part of a larger group, but the regular cost during the season is just $14.   Docked at the Corn Hill Landing, the Mary Jemison is a two-floored wooden boat, with the first floor (the lido deck?) of the ship incorporating a covered area, complete with party tables and chairs, a bar, and a walk-out open viewing area at the front of the ship.  The captain on our night had a captain's hat, beard, friendly personality, and great speaker system voice. Also, MJ has stairs leading up to the uncovered second deck, where the action happens, and where the views are most impressive.  The Mary Jemison sails along the Genesee River and the Erie Canal.  Prior to this evening aboard the Mary J, I don't believe that I have ever sailed while looking back at Rochester with my breath taken away. The views of the city are just gorgeous, unobstructed by anything but passing boats and the sparkling water.  As you sail, the Mary J passes by local parks and underneath footbridges.  The entire trip ignites (or reignites) a passion for the city and its beauty.  The cruise does not happen without some excitement.  When you reach the low bridges, just like in the song, you need to get down. It's not even a maybe get down.  The Mary J provides comfortable deck chairs for you to sit on, as you marvel at how close you were to possibly getting conked in the head by the rusty iron bridges above you.  It's a bonding moment for you and your fellow passengers, and really an experience that I will never forget. I took the sunset cruise, which means that you get to see Rochester's city skyline lit up and magical at night.  However, the cruise is also offered in the afternoon from May through October.  You are able to order lunch, dinner and beverages on board, in addition to the ticket price.  I won't bore you with the story behind the name of the boat, but it's worth looking up the real lady. I will say that Mary Jemison lived a life complete with excitement and adventure.  She is a fitting namesake for this affordable and adventurous experience down our local waterways.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2013,10/21/2013,40,167,3,5,4>This place is fantastic! First and foremost I wanna say the staff was extremely nice and helpful so thank you for bringing a smile to my face !This store is in the palmers/lori's  plaza off jefferson right next door to "Nathan's Soup and Salad". What I love about this place is they have everything you need whether it be for a chef, a restaurant,bar or catering company. Even if you just need some supplies for your own personal reasons or maybe your gonna a have a mini dinner party, they have everything you need with great prices! Here is a just a few things I saw:-Cupcake containers/boxes-Pizza boxes,pizza stones/screens (just about everything a pizza place needs they have!)-Food storage containers of many sizes-Soup cups,coffee cups-Cutlery-Skewers-Fillings for pastries-lots of food color and edible glitter-industrial cooking equipment-Jars for canning-Pots and pansand much much more!It's definitely worth checking out. Some people might think it's not for them because it's labeled with restaurant supply ,catering and cake decorating on the sign outside but I think it has a little something for everyone.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,10/20/2013,27,182,,2,2>Had the Carolina Sandwich (a Pulled Pork Sandwich with Slaw on it) last night on a rainy, miserable night out at South Wedgeucation.  The weather didn't deter my sandwich eating in the least, this was a real tasty purchase.  The guys on the truck were really nice and service was incredibly smooth, something that can always seem to be a problem with food trucks.  The truck also looks pretty sharp, I like the name of the place.  Food was served in an attractive enough cardboard try which was quite easy to eat in one hand, always a major perk for a food truck (as opposed to some who serve in massive styrofoam containers).The food itself was pretty tasty.  The pork was well-cooked and had plenty of smoke flavor, which I like.  The slaw was crisp and fresh, probably could have used a little more acid to cut the extra sweetness of the apples, but still nice and tasty.  The sauce was mediocre to me because it was so sweet, but I know that a lot of people here in the Northeast like a sweet BBQ sauce rather than a smokey or overly spicy sauce, so I imagine to most the sauce will be a huge plus. As usual with food trucks, I think the prices are outrageous, and I think that's there's a huge bubble right now with trucks, but in the end, I think Marty's Meats will be one that stays around long term, I'd really like to try some of the rest of their menu options.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,10/19/2013,131,184,3,2,3>I came here for the first time with my husband to kick off our anniversary weekend.  We received a gift card for here and we were very happy with the entire experience.We were seated right away which was great since it was a Friday at dinner time.  I thought we would have some waiting to do.  Once we got to our seats our waiter T.J. came up and offered us drinks and told us about the specials.  T.J. was an amazing waiter who was very attentive of all of our needs and very friendly but didn't linger too much.  He was so great and very knowledgeable about the whole menu which was awesome for any questions we had. After T.J. took our drink and food orders he brought us out the very fresh dinner bread.  It was so good and warm.  There isn't too much better then light fluffy and warm bread.  I ordered a side salad so he also brought that out.  I got the cesear and it was very good just the right amount of dressing and very tasty.  The only thing is that it does not come with the meal and is $3 extra.  It is good but the next time I go I probably won't get one since I can get a whole head of lettuce for cheaper than that.My husband got Mama's Trio.  It was a huge portion that he could not finish.  He ate 2/3 and left the lasagna to bring home for lunch - but not before I snagged a bite to try. It was soooo good.  I got the chicken parm and it was delicious.  I ate all the pasta and almost all of the chicken.  It was a huge portion but I was hungry and it was good.  I wanted more and more but at the same time I felt torn because when my husband is eating his lunch... I am going to be sad wishing I still had mine. The food was really good, we were both impressed and add that on top of great service, our experience was awesome.It was a little expensive, $38. We did not get any desserts and I am the only one who got a drink and it was a soda, not wine or anything expensive.  Thankfully we had a gift card and a $5 off coupon for signing up for e-mails so it didn't take much out of pocket expenses.Overall it was a great experience and my husband and I would go again for another date.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2013,10/18/2013,8,7,1,7,2>This small, family owned restaurant has an incredibly loyal following.  A lot of folks - including me - were very happy to see these guys re-open in the higher traffic area of Ridge Road.  I'm stuck in a rut.  I always get the Pad Thai.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,10/17/2013,0,15,4,4,2>This is probably one of the furthest Indian eateries from me, but it's worth the extra time.They're happy to accommodate any dietary restrictions and give you obscene portions for the price.Worst part?  Driving home with a bag of takeout and being tortured the whole way from the fantastic smells.  Don't open your windows through - will get home to a cold meal!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2013,10/16/2013,100,146,,7,6>Starry Nites is one of my favorite places to come do work when I just don't want to stay in the office. It's within walking distance of a few great neighborhoods. Love the Van Gogh theme and there is often evening entertainment. Beverages are reasonable and quality. The baked goods are usually pretty good. For those who care, there's off street parking.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,9/15/2013,58,204,,7,4>Selection, value, style. What more could you ask for?! Oh, you want an adorable doggy hanging out in the window display, too? Well, you're in luck, my friend, this place has all that. I've always preferred boutiques to chain stores, when I was younger it was the whole "she's wearing my dress!" scenario, and now it's just a matter of getting something that has a better feel to it. A specialness that mall stores lack. However, mall stores have well stocked clearance racks and sale sale sale signs up everywhere you look. I tend to be out of my budget when shopping at boutiques. This store changes that. Not only does Peppermint offer a great selection of adorable dresses, fun shorts, and cute tops, they are all reasonably priced. The clothing feels like it actually was put together by someone that cares, the styles are well thought out and have a trendy feel but still classic so you won't be donating your closet at the end of every season. The dresses range from fun casual to just barely semi-formal. I was looking for something for an afternoon wedding and found a few different options that would suit my needs. I also found some adorable dressy shorts, but I was here for one thing and one thing only and I only glanced through them quickly enough to know I will be back to try a some on. The sizing is typically s/m/l, so says the girl at the counter who I think is actually the owner of the store and also designer of many of the items. They have a few different labels in addition to their own, but I didn't find any XS nor any XL, but I didn't look through *everything* so you may find different. The smalls fit, but were not snug and in a couple cases looked a bit loose and I'm typically a 4 or so. I was looking for a dress that would be nice enough for a wedding but not overly dressy so it could also be worn on a more regular basis. Many of the dresses I tried on were not too leggy but not frumpy, either. There were a couple shorter dresses, a few maxis, it was a nice mix to choose from. The accessories were displayed for easy browsing but I resisted the temptation to poke through the many earrings and scarves. As I paid with my cc on her iPad and was emailed the receipt, I eyed a couple of pairs of adorable earrings that were about $15 each. Scarves were around $20 I believe, but don't quote me on that I was trying to stay focused on my mission at hand. They have shoes, too, which I didn't even glance at because my shoe closet is overflowing.I'm very excited to have found a reasonably priced local boutique were adorableness abounds. This place really is as good as it gets!
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,9/14/2013,30,41,2,7,3>Victoire is one of the newer bars located in the East End district of Rochester, located across the street from Rochester mainstays Salinger's and Temple Bar.  Victoire is noteworthy for serving high-alcohol, pricier European beers that you won't find anywhere else in town.  Whenever I go to Victoire I always order a different beer on tap, and I am never disappointed.  But there's more to Victoire than just beer and their notorious fountain of youth (if you go there and take a look around you'll know what I mean).  There is a large dining area with dark, oaky wooden tables and several menu items that are truly one-of-a-kind for this area.  On my last visit, I ordered the Victoire Mussels and Frites, Charcuterie Plate, and Duck Frites with House Sauces, all to share.  The Charcuterie Plate labels its meats as "western Atlantic sea salt cured meats" but they tasted like cold-cuts you would buy at a supermarket.  Similarly, the cheeses were ordinary, featuring a sharp white cheddar and what tasted like gouda.  The only "pâté" was something resembling hummus.  Needless to say, for over ten dollars I wasn't impressed.  But all was forgiven once I tried the mussels and frites.  The mussels were perfectly steamed---warm, soft and easy to pull out of the shell, yet still maintaining their round, juicy texture.   Underneath was a light, cream-tasting onion broth that contrasted delectably when coated over the soft little sea urchins.  And although I was initially skeptical of the duck frites, the pungent, thick bleu cheese on the bottom of the dish give the frites an interesting kick when added to the judiciously apportioned duck fat sprinkled on top.   Both dishes were well-suited to have with a cold, smooth beer, and this is coming from someone who almost exclusively drinks wine with all of his meals.Overall, Victoire is a welcome addition to the Rochester bar scene and I had a great experience overall.  If you haven't been, check it out.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,9/13/2013,81,61,3,8,4>Some of the best donuts I've ever had. A wide variety. Run by a family. This used to be a dunkin donuts before apparently and then the family decided they were paying all the money to the chain instead of making profit and decided to convert it into a local business. Their decision was the right one. Every donut is done perfectly. They are big, full of flavor and delicious. You could sit and eat there in a typical diner like fashion or take the donuts home. I work at Rochester General Hospital which is very near this place and we have someone bringing donuts from this place to work all the time. It makes our day when we see the donut box. The family at the counter can be a bit sarcastic at times which for me just adds to the experience. Makes it clear these guys know what they are doing and are not following just another "donut chain" recipe.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,9/12/2013,62,103,,3,4>Gourmet food truck folk are amazing, and Le Petit Poutine is no exception. Parked near the Public Market on a sunny Saturday morning, this wagon immediately grabbed my attention. Poutine is unheard of places south and west, and probably east for that matter. So a food truck serving this rarely seen north-of-the-border "delicacy" couldn't be passed up! The fries were hand cut, and fried TWICE, the way they should be. The curds and gravy with a sprig of rosemary were simple, yet elegant, and served in a trendy Chinese take-out style box. I will definitively be drawn toward this particular food truck like a French-Canadian moth to a flame!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,9/11/2013,14,64,2,6,2>I love Palmer's fish and chips. It's basically "Kentucky Fried" fish made with very fresh ingredients. The batter and seasoning are fantastic. The fish (cod) is light and fluffy and is only fishy in the good way (because it's fish) and not in the "this fish has been sitting around too long" way. The chips are American-style chips (i.e. they're crisps, not home fries). They are fresh-made too and are salted perfectly. I got the fish and chips meal via takeout and the whole meal stayed crunchy for me even in the styrofoam takeout container. It came with some mild and tasty tartar sauce which I actually ended up using very minimally because the seasoning in the batter was so nice. This is a fantastic place to get fish and chips. Note that the fish-fry is also very good, but doesn't have the same awesome battering job that the fish and chips has. I recommend it, but I am really into the Palmer's fish and chips.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,9/10/2013,19,167,,6,3>After driving by here many times, I decided to stop by and give it a try. I got a small iced coffee and the boy got a large iced mango green tea. The Pros;-The iced coffee is cold brewed. I am not thoroughly familiar with this process but I do know it takes 24 hours and produces a much better tasting product-My ice in my iced coffee appeared to also be coffee, which is a nice touch that I haven't seen anyone else use-Many snacks to choose from, I thought it was cute they had pop tarts-Very quiet and cozy, would be the perfect place to studyCons-The price, I was floored that a small iced coffee was $3.25, id say it was almost worth it, the quality was impeccable.  My fiances large iced tea was also $3.75, also delicious but wowI would definitely go here again if I was looking for a quality cup of coffee or latte but I could never afford to make this my daily go to.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/9/2013,96,358,3,18,6>Wow. This is the best dining experience I've had in Rochester. This is hands down my new favorite restaurant and I plan to bring all of my friends and their friends here. If you like good food, you need to go here.I needed a good dinner spot for a small group containing a friend who was GF and lactose free. Upon arrival we realized he could eat all but one thing on the menu. There were four of us and a list of 13 items on the menu for $4 each. We ordered everything, including the drink special and both desserts. Literally a twelve course meal for $18 each (including tip). The items are Ethiopian tapas. Small plates that come out as they're ready and were perfect to share between the four of us. From the moment I sipped my coconut milk chai to my last bite of spiced chocolate ice cream, I could not stop savoring and raving about each dish. No, each morsel. My favorite item was the gnocchi, with a texture unlike any I've had before. Soft on the inside, crispy exterior, and soaked in a mushroom broth. Heaven in a bowl. Go with friends so you can sample like we did. I'll be back to check out their lunch buffet.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2013,9/8/2013,129,393,,7,3>I've made a few trips to this thrift store and have to say it is a gem! Prices are very reasonable and merchandise is always nicely presented. I am growing tired of the "chain" aspect of some of the larger resale shops and the willy-nilly way they price donations. The staff here is helpful and happy to have you as a customer. The clerk who checked me out was more than happy to tell me about about Heritage House & the mission behind the store. I found a few gems @ Second Thought, and i'm sure you will too!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,9/7/2013,5,29,6,12,5>Bobby Flay?  Tyler Florence?  Please meet Executive Chef Dan Martello.  He's your new competition.I'm a more than competent amateur chef.  There's not much that I can't create in my own kitchen.  I enjoy it.  I take pride in it.  It's a physical form of love and caring for those that eat what I cook.In a strange way good cooking is a form of art.  It lasts for moments but the memory remains far longer.  Think of it as viewing the Mona Lisa for only once in your life.  You see it for a few minutes but you remember the totality of the experience.  The cooking created by Chef Martello is along these lines.  I'm nowhere close to achieving the technique that Chef Martello has without formal training or study.You will be exposed to a deliberate clash of cultures at Good Luck.  The decor is urban Americana combined with family-style Italian service.  In contrast the cooking is heavily European with an American flair.  It is an obvious contradiction.  This is by design and somehow Good Luck has pulled it off.  Don't think about the interior design, the layout, or the staff uniform.  Focus.  Focus solely on the cooking.  In this case there is nothing else that matters.  It truly is that good.By serving the dishes family-style Good Luck has achieved success in a number of areas; 1) The kitchen can turn out larger dishes of a single course quicker than individual entrees which speeds service; 2) Your table will always have a new dish every 10 minutes or so and there is always something to eat and share; 3) By serving family-style everyone is forced to talk, to communicate, to discuss the food and the experience.  All of these factors ensure that you will not be waiting for long, you will always have something to talk about, and you will always have a constant experience with your wait staff which increases your dining experience.  I consider this a resounding success and sorely lacking in the totality of American dining.It takes courage for any chef, of any tenure, to pair spicy coleslaw with roasted duck breast.  The duck was to perfection.  The spicy coleslaw gave a fine level of acidity - sharp but yet mellow.  Through it all Chef Martello had the technical skill to contrast and balance that acidity with glazed apricots.  Put all three on your fork at the same time and your palate will be doing circles, loop-de-loops, whatever you want to call it.  Suffice to say the taste will be one that you have never had in your life and will remember for a long time.Little neck clams with corn on the cob, roasted duck breast, braised oxtail with tripe and tomato sauce, organic greens; I had it all for dinner.  The potato gratin with salmon, white beets, garlic capes, and creme fraiche deserves a special mention.  Think of it as what scalloped potatoes should always aspire to be - simply astounding.  The special was open-faced toasted baguette with melted brie, prosciutto, and blackcurrant.  It was beyond description.  I will strive for days, if not weeks, to recreate it.For dessert, we dissected and enjoyed the Campfire Tort; a graham cracker tort shell with chocolate and fresh-made (you heard me - FRESH-MADE!) marshmallow.  Chef Martello's staff even has the know-how to crisp the marshmallow with a blow torch.I was so impressed with the totality of my experience that I presented myself to the pass line and told them all how much I enjoyed the cooking.But just so I don't appear to be a "yes-man" I have two small suggestions.  First, with a little bit of additional work on the plating I think the cooking is good enough to compete for a Michelin star.  They may not get it, but it will be close.  Second, what's with the grey t-shirts and blue jeans on the wait staff?  I understand the whole urban decor thing, but there's nothing wrong with slacks and a coordinated polo or button-down shirt.  The staff should be as good looking as the food is.I've been known to drive to Niagara Falls to visit Wolfgang Puck's and New York City to eat at Gordon Ramsay's "The London NYC".  I'm not above travel or price for an extreme dining experience and Good Luck, right here in Rochester, can compete with all of them. Yes, I think Executive Chef Martello is truly that good.  Give him another couple of years and if he continues to push himself we will have a world-renowned chef from our own backyard.In sum Good Luck is the most capable, skilled, technically proficient, and underrated restaurant in the city; over and above Black And Blue, Strathallen, everyone.  Bar none. Chef Martello is young, he's hungry, and he's willing to toe the line of conventional cooking.  For a unique and memorable experience Good Luck should be your only option.  You will not regret it.You will have a dining experience that is completely and totally more than the sum of its parts.  The only problem is that Chef Martello will eventually have the success he seeks.  How much longer after that will we be able to enjoy his talents?
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,9/6/2013,66,245,,5,4>Bug Jar is a divey, quirky, little place where you can see some great bands. You have to watch the calendar and do a little research about who is coming through sometimes... you might have missed seeing the White Stripes or Silversun Pickups in this tiny venue. They host theme nights, too, I have only been to a few of those though. Drinks are pretty cheap. Not letting this affect my rating, but just a note to any ladies going to this place: bring a friend and stick to him or her like glue. I have had a few strange/border-line-scary run ins with some men at the bar when I have been alone while waiting for someone else.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,11/24/2013,15,70,,6,3>This place is great.  Definitely on par with some of my favorite restaurants in Rochester (i.e., Good Luck, Lento, Rocco,...)First, the drinks.  An amazing (chef) bartender brings as much creativity to his conversations as to his drinks.  This is a fun, trendy bar for those over 27, IMHO.Second, on to dinner.  A very attentive waitstaff, who actually mention the price of the evening's specials after their description.  (I like this a lot, while the price of an entrée is not my sole guidance, who isn't a little price conscious).  Speaking of prices (specifically in the other reviews), I do not find The Revelry's prices to be unreasonable.  In fact, I think their pricing is more than fair.  None of the dinner entrée items even reach $30.  Several of my dining companions had delicious fish plates for just over $20.  Ah, perhaps it's the quantity of food that is disappointing at these price points (Lento is more expensive, but I find their portions huge).  For the quality, I think the price points are just right.Again, as to the quality of the food, everyone I have dined with has been overwhelmed with satisfaction upon their first bite.  The food is excellent, and thus far, has been prepared to perfection.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/23/2013,58,204,4,3,4>A lovely fall Sunday greeted us with wonderful sunshine as we sat down by the large windows of the dining room at Fraîche. My son and I joined our party of 10, initially sat at 2 tables but this was quickly remedied by the hostess and server who happily combined the two tables so as to create an eating experience more conducive to conversation. Unfortunately, this also created a slight problem - the lovely sunshine was brightly overwhelming part of the table. This really wasn't too much of an issue (says the girl that was seated just out of sunny range).  In addition to utensils, each place setting already had a small mason jar glass of water. I'm assuming this was pre-arranged for our larger than average party and not the norm, but I did find it  pleasant. The jars were filled by the server when she noticed them low, though we also had a few icy carafes conveniently spaced on the table. I believe menus were pre-provided, as well, but I had made my choice previously when I checked out their website the night before to ensure toddler approved foods were available. Sour Cream Blueberry Pancakes. After a bite, I almost felt bad for deeming these fluffy discs "toddler food". Almost. I do prefer my son develop a taste for delicious food (so he doesn't pick lame places for his birthday dinner when he's older). The blueberries were plentiful, each and every bite burst with juicy sweetness. The cake itself was barely crispy with a nice balance of light fluff. The flavor was delightful. The full order was a plate of 3 (with a hefty side of bacon), and I was a bit sad when I finished my second knowing I could have just ordered a piece of toast for the sidekick and indulged in a third instead of sharing. Taking it back was not an option, the kid had similar feelings and was quietly devouring his portion. I even tried to distract him with bacon, which worked, but he glared at me when I stole a bite off his plate. I didn't risk a food fight for more bites. Food fights would not be appropriate at this establishment. Honestly, young children are probably not appropriate at this establishment. I'm sure just about any kid would enjoy something from the kitchen's offerings, but Fraîche has a bit of a "swanky" feel to it. For breakfast, I wouldn't worry much but only if your child is not loud. Fraîche is loud all on its own. I don't recall music playing, but it may be that the conversation noise was at such a decibel music would need to have been near concert level to hear. This might make you think "it's loud, no one will notice if my kid is crying" but it's not loud because of the kitchen clanging pots or creaky old vents blowing air - no, it's loud because of the people talking. So when the kid excitedly described his iPhone game, the entire restaurant knew it involved tractors. I will most definitely return kid in tow, but also with a fully charged iPhone. There appeared to be outdoor seating in the front, this would be my preferred option should weather permit.The service was perfect. We were a talkative group but the server was never intrusive. In fact... I can't remember if we had a man or woman. So maybe the server wasn't as "on top of things" as I remember. Having that water carafe kept me pretty happy, though I do also know my coffee cup was refilled multiple times so we were at least adequately attended to. While I don't remember the server's name, I do know we received a second plate for my son without asking prior to being served. Our meals did take a substantial amount of time (another mark against kids), but truly I was enjoying the lovely conversation to be had I really didn't mind. Who goes to Sunday Brunch in a rush? That's what Mondays are for.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,11/22/2013,81,61,,6,3>I've been to TRATA twice now. Located next to the main street armory it has plenty of parking available. It is sort of a trendy place and you have to look nice otherwise you'll be the odd one out. There is usually a short wait for a table if you haven't reserved in advance. You walk in to the main floor bar area which is usually full of people and energy. They have three floors of seating/lounging/dining area and a roof top bar as well which is pretty sexy. The decor is modern and impressive. You feel celebrated. The service has been decent. Nothing stupendous and nothing annoying. The food is hit or miss. I say that because I ordered the fried chicken entree once and it had so much salt in it I was sure I was going to end up in the ED with hypertensive emergency. And I love salt!The fish taco appetizers are really good with the perfect blend of flavors. Served with a side of mini hot sauce bottles which are cute. I had the Cajun burger which was done like I wanted it and had adequate flavor and spice. Could have used a tad bit more though. Served with crisp nicely done french fries. I didn't need extra sauce/ketchup with my burger which is a good indicator of a decent burger. Get the sticky bun with praline ice cream for desert. It was really good. I might come back just for that if I feel like desert some day. Sticky gooey sugary deliciousness. None of my friends raved about their food but nobody disliked what they ordered and everyone enjoyed.I don't drink but my friends enjoyed all the drinks and cocktails they ordered. The rooftop bar is a big attraction during the summer but it was closed the two times I went due to the weather. Unisex restrooms with separate enclosures for voiding the small/big one. Neat. One thing I love about TRATA is the feeling of being in a trendy upscale restaurant/bar with decent food and very reasonable prices. It won't break the bank. The food and atmosphere is totally worth the price.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,11/21/2013,96,330,5,7,2>"Patience is the secret to good food"- Gail Simmons.Amen to that, sister. Sushi King is one of those restaurants with really good food and really, REALLY terrible service. It's quite the predicament, especially for first timers like myself.The ambiance is nothing short of bleak. There is a private lot, however- I'll give em that. Save for the two takeout orders we were the only customers from 6-8pm last Sunday. To describe our waitress as the most miserable human being (ever) would be the understatement of the year. They don't have booze. It was so quiet I could hear my own chewing. Yet despite all this I am giving Sushi King 4 stars because in the end, food trumps all.+ Seaweed salad app was of QUALITY portion. Not gonna lie, most times I get two orders wherever I go because one is just not enough. With Sushi King however, the one was more than plenty. And I love me some seaweed salad. + Golden jalapeño app (special) was one of the highlights of the night. We are talking knock-your-fucking-socks-off deelicious flavor explosion dance party in your mouth. I hope they consider adding this to the regular menu...+ Seaweed around the cucumber rolls was melt-in-your-mouth silky goodness.+ Penfield roll was just delicious. Seared tuna on top of lobster- what's not to love?+ Country roll (special) was mighty tasty and gave me yet another reason to love sweet potato.+ Ruby roll was good but didn't wow me. Definitely inferior to the Penfield roll.+ Spicy tuna, tuna avocado and gyoza app are pretty standard and thus hard to mess up. No complaints.Cliffnotes:- Great food- Shit service- BYOB- 15% rolls Sunday-WednesdayEnjoy!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,11/20/2013,40,210,,6,3>Victoire is centrally located and has excellent food, even (perhaps especially!) for gluten free diners. The mussels are fabulous, and gluten free as long as you don't get the ones made with ale.  The french fries that come with the mussels are gluten free (although double check if you are concerned, since never know when a restaurant will change its frying procedures), and the various aoilis served are amazing.  I've gotten the eggplant napoleon and the burger(no bun), both of which are amazing. Friends have had the macaroni and cheese, burger, Reuben, and the Belgian chicken with great success.  Most importantly .. try the brussels sprouts!!!The food can be a bit pricey - particularly the mussels - so it might be worth going on half-price Monday the first time so you can decide if they are worth the full price of $16.The decor is pleasant, with a a lot of dark wood furniture and a nice outdoor patio area.  The indoor area can be a bit dark and often chilly - bring a sweater!  The acoustics can be challenging, particularly in the bar area.  Watch out for live music that is too loud - if you are there on the weekend and want to chat, make sure to wait for a table out of the bar.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,11/19/2013,30,41,8,6,2>I can just imagine the owners of Village Bakery standing in front of the Pittsford Starbucks and saying: "Evil darth vader Starbucks corporation, you are not going to stand between me and my dreams."  And then the owners proceed to open up a bakery hawking coffee and breakfast sandwiches to the same laptop wielding crowd that usually frequents said evil corporation.  Oh and here's the best part: the owners decide to open said bakery in the same friggin building as evil corporation.  Starbucks must have really pissed these people off.I'm a big fan of Village Bakery although I can only comment on their sandwiches and not their coffee, pastries, soups or salads.  All of their sandwiches follow the same model: large, toasted, crusty pieces of bread  and generously apportioned fillings.  On my last visit I had the Turkey sandwich, which is essentially a Turkey Bacon Avocado.   The thick pieces of turkey were warm, soft and easy to eat.  Mr. bacon and avocado were barely noticeable at times, and were very much complimentary to the numerous layers of turkey and thick bread.  Not surprisingly, the crusty bread was the star of the show and really made this sandwich worth the eight dollar cost.  It was a solid sandwich, but just lacked creativity.  This was something I could have definitely made at home, provided I had bought their oh-so-delicious bread.  I've had about five of their sandwiches (including their breakfast sandwiches) and every time I think the same thing - I could have made this at home.  Bottom line: the sandwiches are good but not exactly mind-blowing.Village Bakery is a great place to bring your laptop and do some work while having a big belly-filling sandwich.  It can be hard to find a seat sometimes so here's an exclusive Yelp tip: do the ol' switcheroo - bring a friend and have them snatch a table while you order.  I'm a big fan of Village Bakery.  I just hope Starbucks dies so they can expand to the rest of the building.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,11/18/2013,16,83,1,3,2>I formerly lived in the Maplewood Neighborhood and must confess that I did not try the Peppermill Restaurant until about eight months after I had unpacked my last box. What a treat!The Christanis family has owned the diner for decades and many of the family members still work there: Anna, the Mama, and daughter, Olga, can be seen during weekdays welcoming and escorting guests to their favorite booth. Son, Chris, who now manages the place, is usually in the back cooking or managing the endless details required to run an efficient food-service company. Son, Dino (who teaches full-time at Aquinas Institute down the road) pops by nearly everyday, as does Chris' wife, Stefanie, as well as various grandchildren.The family takes great pride in their business, as can been seen in the seasonal decorations. If a holiday is listed on your calendar, most likely the Peppermill is brimming with colorful decor celebrating it! The staff is typically friendly, and once you've been there a few times will chat with you like family. The food is typical American fare. There is a white board that lists the daily specials, where you can't really go wrong. This is a diner, so expect diner quality food. My husband enjoys the Chicken Soulvaki and I'm a sucker for their chicken and artichokes over pasta special.If they have Lemon Chicken soup -- order it! Without question, this is one of my top favorite soups evah! I have been known to give a shriek of joy when finding out it's being served. See if you don't do the same!Prices are very reasonable, enabling the Peppermill to be a good place to get-together with friends.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,11/17/2013,96,358,3,2,1>Very impressed with Cure so far. So much so, I went twice in one day. I had a dinner reservation for 5:30 and we were seated by the window. It was sort of cool to see the public market space at night, still lit up for some of the evening. Cure feels like a smaller, more intimate version of Good Luck. With the same owners, it makes sense. The decorations and atmosphere are rustic and romantic, including lots of glass, candles, and a giant meat grinder right when you walk in. During our visit we enjoyed the rillettes du jour (lamb), terrine du jour (chicken galantine wrapped in prosciutto), and the boudin blanc sausages. The rillette reminded me of potted meat (which is preserved in butter) that I recently sampled in London. The Terrine was a bit on the boring side for me, but paired well with its accompanying bread, mustard, and pickled veggies. The sausages were my favorite, reminding me of the traditional English dish of bangers and mash, but much fancier. We ordered each dish separately and the pace was leisurely, which I enjoy.  We probably dined for almost two hours. While we dined, we were told about that night's "Booze Your Own Adventure" cocktails, served from 11pm-2am. We returned with friends, and I selected the following from my options: "Strong, gin, herb, up" and received a lovely cocktail. A little medicinal for my liking, but it still fulfilled my request. During this time they also had a DJ, who played a good mix of dance, soul, and alternative music. He literally never stopped dancing, and a few others joined in as well. I tip my hat to him. In the middle of our meal we briefly met one of the co-owners, who, on our walk back to the car, popped his head out of the door and thanked us again for coming. I'm not sure exactly what I said in response, but I could have honestly said I'll be back again soon.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,11/16/2013,62,103,,7,3>A native of America's "Third Coast," I grew up eating my grandmother's  homemade dirty rice, fresh-caught fried catfish, and gumbo with shrimp straight from the Gulf of Mexico. Now I find myself in the Great White North at a Louisiana-style restaurant in Rochester, hoping for a taste of home. The inside of the French Quarter Cafe is brightly painted in purple, green and gold Mardi Gras colors, with lively jazz Muzak playing in the background. So far, so good. It's a weeknight, so the place isn't crowded. The concise menu is filled with familiar Cajun staples such as étouffée and po boys. I started with a bowl of gumbo. The flavor was nice, and it was prepared Cajun-style (sans tomatoes, my personal preference), vs. the Creole/New Orleans-style. Unfortunately, there wasn't any okra in the dish (which is optional depending on the chef). I would've preferred a darker roux, but it was still perfectly prepared, with plenty of chicken and sausage. For my main entree I ordered the catfish, dirty rice and corn macque choux. The catfish was ideally prepared, tender and light on the inside, with a crispy cornmeal crust. It was Southern-fried perfection. The corn was good, and the rice was ok. I'm used to a drier more flavorful dirty rice, which looks brown, or "dirty." This rice was whiter and moist, but still made a nice accompaniment to the fish. The recipes at the French Quarter Cafe seemed to me to be more homespun Cajun than chic gourmet New Orleans. The service was simply AWESOME!!!  I loved our waitress and her upbeat attitude. The prices were way too cheap. I will definitely be back, next time I'm trying one of the po boys.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,11/15/2013,129,393,3,6,4>My second review for the Lovin' Cup! Yes, they deserve it! Why? 'Cuz I dig their attention to folks like me who need to eliminate gluten from their diet. Gluten free is more than a fad, folks... it's becoming a way of life for people like me with digestive issues. So, instead of revising my review i'm penning a new one so that the kudos mean something. Great servers, great music, great vibe. With the recent shuttering of Tala Vera & the Flipside, the Cup is well on it's way to become one of the permiere spots for live music. If you haven't checked it out yet, then what are you waiting for?
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,1/13/2014,6,16,2,3,2>I love this place! It's down the street from me, so I walk there a lot. The staff are great. They make iced coffee drinks the 'right way' with coffee-cubes (coffee ice cubes) so it doesn't runny up the sweet potency with water. Only flaw: I wish they had more food options. It's kinds meh baked goods that are store-bought and that's it. Would love it if they had a few more snackier things. Other than that I think this place is fabulous, great decor, great vibe, good parking lot (city plus!) and there's ice cream right next door.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,1/12/2014,63,111,2,2,1>For a brief moment (lets be crystal clear here, a very brief moment) I wished that I had a little girl who could have a birthday party at this place. The decor is entirely adorable. It looks like a candy store. Yolishious is a frozen yogurt restaurant which allows you to select your flavor of frozen yogurt  and a wide variety of toppings. Trying something for the first time can be confusing. The staff member was very helpful and knowledgeable.  When you enter you'll see the register and candy toppings bar. If you head to the back, you'll find cups for the yogurt and can begin. The yogurt is delish! Beware that you are paying by the weight, which can easily become pricey if you're not mindful of how much is going in your cup. My husband brought me here as a treat because he knew my love for sweets. I really enjoyed the experience and can't wait to try again.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,1/11/2014,20,40,,5,2>I work construction and go to diners all over. This place is my favorite. Best pancakes anywhere, delicious hollandaise for the benedicts(check my photo of the "el Greco" benny). Wanted my home fries well done, no problem. Staff are super nice and quick with the coffee.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,1/10/2014,0,9,1,6,5>As if this place needs a review!  I moved to Gates and discovered this gem by accident.  The bread is all over town. Once you have a roll there, you'll see them everywhere!  The cookies are plentiful and they have a great deli/calzone/stromboli case.  Nice staff, reasonable prices - tons of goodies and a good place for lunch as well
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,1/9/2014,0,2,,5,2>I grew up going to this theater and just went to see a movie the other day for the first time since the renovations. Believe me when I say the renovations are amazing! You get a large reclining seat to yourself. There is plenty of room between the rows so no one has to move to get around others and you can have plenty of armrest space to yourself. No more fighting!Tip: buy your tickets in advance and pick a seat in row C or D!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,1/8/2014,3,12,,4,3>This is hands down my very favorite bar, not sure why it's taken me so long to write a review. It's an authentic British pub, right down to the waitstaff, most of whom are from across the pond. This place is the beacon of hope in the East & Alexander part of the city if fist pumping and shouting to carry on a conversation is not your thing. For a while my boyfriend lived above the bar, and so we went in every week or two. The staff will remember you, and what you like. We didn't go for about 2 months and then as soon as we walked through the door one of the waitresses told us about a porter they had just gotten in that she thought we'd love. You can't get more personable and amazing staff than that. They have outdoor seating for the nicer summer months, a large interior with LOTS of seating for the cold months, a great menu with seasonal specials, the most fantastic beer selection, a great whiskey selection, fantastic staff, and they host trivia nights as well. Sometimes when they get REALLY busy it can take a while for the waitstaff to circle around, but it does get PACKED and they always seem to be doing their best. They also have a number of board games behind the bar that you can ask for if you have a large group and want to get drunk and play Apples to Apples. Part of what sells me the most (other than their bread pudding) is that you can actually talk and have a conversation without shouting. Imagine that. This place is just the best, and if you haven't been, you should go. If you have been, you should go.*Also, I recently realized (after noticing some of the artwork on the walls) that the Old Toad was (probably) named after the character Ol' Toad Hall from the  British book The Wind & The Willows. So that's a bit of fun if you've heard of the book.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,1/7/2014,2,20,2,10,4>My fiance and I really enjoyed this restaurant!  I love Indian food but he's never been that into it until I took him here.  I ordered the vegetarian thali and he had the seafood vindaloo - both were delicious.  Service was wonderful and the atmosphere was welcoming and cozy.  And I always appreciate complimentary papadum bread before the meal!  I've tried a few other Indian restaurants in Rochester and this is my favorite so far.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,1/6/2014,10,7,3,13,4>First time visitor to The Black Horse Bistro.  The Bistro was very much like a classic bistro, Tapa's like appetizers and small plate entrée, reminded me of a European type dining experience.The service was attentive yet not overbearing  and had a professional  warmth .We tried all the tapa's, All were very well prepared but I loved the goat cheese pastry.The small plate Duck breast was excellent.  Seasoned perfectly, cooked to perfection and had a great outer crust without drying  out the duck.  The sauce was delicate and added to the duck.  The dessert was a very flavorful peanut butter cake, Just enough but  enough flavor for two dessert It was great a place, had a great time, and ate some great food.I will be back soon.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,1/5/2014,50,223,2,6,5>Finally.  I finally made it over here for one of their dinners.  Thanks to Naz B. for inviting me.  It was wonderful.  Honestly. Wonderful.Heavenly.We were there for the Italian dinner, and I just can't put it into words.  Each course was just delectable. Where do I start - how about with the antipasti - a delightful assortment of pickled vegetable for your pleasure.  I love everything except one of the olives which is very unusual (olives are my favorite food) and the only negative thing I will bring up.The risotto fritata was next and AMAZING.  The texture. The mix of flavors with the blue cheese on top.  SO GOOD.  I didn't want to finish it because I didn't want to experience to end!  Then there was the gnudi in parmesan broth. YUM.  Naz wondered if I was crying over this course because the look on my face showed just how much I loved it!  The greens in the soup were so good - and I feel terrible now that I can't remember exactly what it was.  LOVED IT.Cod - fabulous!  Who would have thought you could enjoy beans with fish.  I really never thought to put those together - but the bean paste/spread was delicious.  The texture of hummus, but a much more delicate bean flavor.  Loved it.Dessert.Oh dessert. Pistachio gellato.  Not sure I spelled it right - but it doesn't matter.  Any which way you spell it, it was wonderful!Our hosts were gracious.The service wonderful.Atmosphere - classy yet unpretentious.  You can go here and feel comfortable and enjoy exquisite food at an unbelievably reasonable price.I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,1/4/2014,19,60,4,4,4>I came here with my boyfriend for my birthday dinner a few weeks ago. We were going to go to a different restaurant, but it was unexpectedly closed. We drove around town until we found this place, and I'm sure glad we did. The ambience is calm, modern, and relaxing. Then again, we were there on a Wednesday so I can't speak for weekends. The waitstaff was attentive, professional, and friendly. My butternut squash gnocchi was delicious, but I have to say the real highlight was dessert. Apple crisp with vanilla rosemary ice cream. Unreal! I couldn't believe how well the rosemary went with the warming spices in the apple crisp. My boyfriend had the mussels, which he said were a bit dry... I don't know because I don't eat mussels, but I'll take his word for it. He said they were still pretty good though. All in all, this is an excellent date restaurant. It would even be good for larger groups of four or six, but probably not more than that because it's not a very big place.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,10/15/2013,28,102,,2,1>Stopped by here the other day when I was testing out my new bike. This building has been here long enough that my Mother used to work here when she lived on Meigs and it was a grocery story then and eventually became a restaurant. I believe the current owner bout it a few years go from the old owner. Their beers didn't really capture my imagination so I stuck with water and got a BLT with a bowl of Sea Food Chowder. It all came up super quick and was very tasty! Sandwich had fresh ingredients and the bacon was cooked just right. Sea Food Chowder was fantastic as well,  it had a good amount of sea food in it and I was told they make it from scratch. Sat at the bar and Jarrett took great care of me. A great spot to stop in for a quick bite.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,10/14/2013,80,59,1,3,3>Ahhh the daily refresher, what a cool place. It's nice to be able to go to the East Ave area and still be able to go to somewhere nice. Weirdly enough it still seems pretty empty on the weekends. I guess everyone is at macgregors or murphy's law instead which is weirdddd. Though I definitely don't mind because it means enjoying a delicious cocktail at an awesome bar without the hot mess of people. I am obsessed with the inside of their bar. It's really antique looking and has a great atmosphere. They use these old fashioned light bulbs in their lamps that I am absolutely  in love with. The music is also pretty fantastic here. I have twice now heard some awesome electro swing playing here. The cocktails are definitely on the strong side, and have some interesting flavor combinations. They even infuse some of their own liquor on site. It seems we have another classy place to hang out in Rochester.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,10/13/2013,19,134,,4,2>One of my FAVORITE restaurants in Rochester, NY. Love the location being right near Charlotte and getting to walk the pier before or after eating here.My husband and I love this restaurant so much we had our rehearsal dinner there in the upstairs party room.  - Very cool space  with a bar, tin ceiling and brick walls.Food is always fantastic! YOU HAVE GOT TO TRY THE FRIED PICKLES!  Addicting!Only issue we have ever had was visiting on Cinco De Mayo... Extremely long wait due to them being short staffed. Luckily it was a beautiful day and we sat on the patio with our drinks. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,10/12/2013,26,245,,3,2>To get to the point, I like the wings, beer and atmosphere. I am here on 50 cent wings Tuesday, so I may be unduly influenced by economics. But I've had the fish and chips here as well and they are very good.  I've always had good service whether for dinner at a table and at the bar.  The Pittsford village is a great place to walk around so the location is great.   I come here rarely but usually have a great experience.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,10/11/2013,1,10,,4,2>Its not your average red sauce Italian restaurant.  They truly have raised the bar for all Canandaigua Italian restaurants.  The food even stands up to other Italian restaurants in bigger cities.  The place has few tables and a little cramped.  Make a reservation. The portions are not super sized, which lesser places do.  Quantity over quality at Il Posto.  The.  This is one of the few restaurants that is date worthy.  Its the most intimate one on Main St.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/5/2013,10/10/2013,86,66,1,9,5>I made a second trip to Unkle Moe's last Sunday. If we ventured 700 miles south of the city, we would find a nice selection of moderately priced restaurants serving southern, soul, country or a mixture thereof.  Some come in the buffet form; which has loss market share in the last 10 years or so. Then there are the "Meat and three" places which I love, love, love. They are only found in the south. Moe's is not a meat and three, in the truest sense. But it's darn close. You can tell that these folks migrated north by the cooking. (There are always a few subtle indicators.) Been to Moe's twice now in a relatively short time. On Sunday, I ordered sliced beef brisket, steamed cabbage and red beans and rice.  My guest had fried wings, collard greens, and corn. Both entrees came with corn bread. The choices can be difficult. There are pork chops (fried or baked), baked chicken, fried cod fish, beef tips, Catfish, a whole half chicken and a long list of added entrees and veggies. They also run specials periodically. The price are moderate and in the $10 -12 range. During my initial visit, our server, a native of LA - as in Louisiana told me that I had to try the beef brisket. I told her that beef brisket is an art and is best left for the professionals to prepare. She smiled and told be about wood smokers out back and a pit master who has competed on the circuit. Seriously, the beef brisket was excellent. It was moist and perfectly cooked.  My guest had the fried chicken wings. These were some of the best fried (not buffalo) wings I have had anywhere period. As my buddy Kari C. stated, this is the stuff that Grandma made.  You don't visit Unkle Moes for the decor, the location or entertainment.  If you are looking for a trendy crowd, wrong place. You probably won't end up at Unkle Moe's unless you are going there. It's off the path. Visit Unkle Moes when you want a restaurant that is well maintained and simply serves the best southern cooking in town - period. I'm a fan.Update - October, 6, 2013Yep, Egg on my face. I wrote the above review yesterday. And I gave it considerable thought before issuing a reluctant five star rating. Yep, the first two visits were great.  But, for five stars, I like the "Trust but verify" approach. So, with that I made a follow-up visit today. Again "Verify".  Today the food was great.  But the restaurant had one Server. Several tables were seated when we arrived. The Server was a sweetheart running at full tilt.  But, having been in that role before, I know that "You can't get there from here". It's a lame excuse by any business. I casually inquired and the Server stated that the second waitress did not show up today.  No blame to the Server. Great young lady. But, bad move by any business. Always have a back up plan. While the food was great, today the service suffered. And I can generally forgive a lot of things. Spotty service due to under staffing is not one of them. My rating is pushed to a three plus. Well, that didn't last long. Even given today, Unkle Moes will remain on my preferred list, at least for now.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,10/9/2013,113,212,3,6,3>I go to Chakara mainly for their pork belly buns, beef noodle soup and drink specials. For those things alone, i'll give them a 4/5. It's a favorite restaurant of my friends and for good reason. The service is friendly and there's a cute elderly Chinese lady who takes orders. She is adorable and very sweet!The food is Asian fusion themed. Usually I tend to stay away from asian fusion restaurants, since it reminds me of P.F. Chang's, but I guess there's always a time and place for asian fusion food and I should stop being such a punk about it. The difference is that Chakara is more of a mom & pop shop and I believe their dishes have more of an authentic taste to them. Chakara is located in Fairport, which makes it a little less convenient for me. The restaurant itself is separated into two sections: bar and dining room. It's not much to look at from the outside, but the interior is clean, modern and comfortable. Nothing too fancy, but all the furnishings looked new, which is okay in my book. Ambiance - (3.5/5)As I mentioned before, the service is good. The lady who takes your order (who I presume is the owner) makes sure you are well taken care of. From refilling waters to bringing more rice she is very attentive. Chakara is also flexible with their menu. They will gladly substitute items, make dishes spicier or milder at your request. Service - (4/5)Honestly, I was not too impressed when I first ate at Chakara. I ordered the Fantail Haddock, which was deep fried and served with sweet and sour sauce. While the fish was perfectly breaded, crunchy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside, It was just too much sweet and sour for me. It was mostly my own fault for ordering a sweet and sour dish, as others may enjoy it more.My friends kept bringing me back and so I tried other dishes. Their red curry was decent, but not as good as Phuket Thai or Thai Time (RIP). I finally tried the pork belly buns on my second visit and I have ordered them every time since. They are great! They just might be better than the ones at Han Noodle Bar. $6 gets you two steamed pillowy buns filled with succulent, melt-in-your-mouth pork , scallions, cucumbers & peanuts. I also discovered their beef noodle soup. Now the combination of  pork belly buns and beef noodle soup has become my go-to meal at Chakara. I've ordered it 2-3 times in a row now. Beef noodle soup might not be for everyone, but I grew up eating it, so it's a nostalgic dish for me. Hearty broth, al dente egg noodles (rumor is that they make their own), generous chunks of flavorful beef shank and crispy Napa cabbage to add some texture to the dish. YUM! Food - (4/5)Their drink menu is surprisingly extensive. If  only they were located more centrally, I think they would do great happy hour business. They have 13 different sakes to choose from and also a variety of sake flights ranging from $6-16. Also on Wednesdays, their sake flights are half-off. There are also numerous specialty cocktails and a large selection of both red and white wines. If you're with a group, I would recommend trying the Sake Sangria consisting of Gekkeikan Sake,  Elderflower and Mixed Fruit. It's 56 oz, which for other Canadians out there, is 1.65 L. The best thing is it's only $20, which is trouble if you're driving from Brighton like me. Drinks - (4/5)I do not want to overhype the restaurant, but it's definitely worth checking out. It's a bit out of the way for most, but the overall service, value and food quality keep bringing me back. At this rate, i'll try all the items on the menu in no time.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/8/2013,14,14,2,5,4>Wow, I have been living in Syracuse for a year and then moved here. I have spent some of my time in LA, NYC and Syracuse in the past (you can imagine, lots of Chinese supermarkets in LA and NYC), what can I say, this store has the variety, quality, fresh meats, seafood, and something that are just impossible to make it your own. The Asian market here is just, AWESOME! They got fresh-made roast pork, which I used to drive to Toronto or NYC just for three plates of these when I was in Syracuse. It's not like the best I have ever had, but since now I am in States, it still tastes like heaven. They also got those Asian baked goods (), the tastes are just like the way they are supposed to be, but it feels almost like a reunion with old friends when I first saw them here. Almost all kind of spices, exotic "materials", you could find them here, the price is pretty cheap even comparing to NYC.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/7/2013,99,96,2,4,5>I have been a member of the Little for over a year and love it. If you get a membership (student is $35=2.90 a movie) and a regular membership is $50 ($4.20 a movie) it ends up paying off in the long run. The cool thing about the memberships is you can also treat the person you are going with and just have the staff member sign off on one of your boxes in your card.I prefer to come to the little rather than seeing more summer blockbuster sequel crap that hollywood spits out. The movies here are excellent. Last week I saw the latest Almódovar film, and an independent american film. Can't wait to see Blue Jasmine next week.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,10/6/2013,16,29,4,2,3>So I'm giving this 5 stars because of the Bubble Tea ! Which was the reason I went to check this place out. I used to go to KC Tea and Noodles when they were open a few years ago, and I loved their bubble tea ! I thought I could never get another good bubble tea in the area like KC unless I tried to make it myself. A friend mentioned I should try White Swans and I did and loved it ! I'm planning on going back to try out some of the food... as soon as that happens I will probably write another review ! I couldn't wait to post about the bubble tea because it was seriously that good. I loved the fact that it was prepared fresh, from fresh fruit.... They have case of fresh fruit right when you walk in. They also give you lots of bubbles, which is another plus ! I will probably be heading back to this place everytime I want a bubble tea. :)
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/17/2013,115,5,2,3,2>The best eggs in Rochester! And yes, it is easy to screw up scrambled eggs, as every other place in town has proven. But not at Jim's Too! Always perfect, never dry or burned, both peeves of mine (along with greasy potatoes).Prompt friendly service, great food, extremely reasonable prices. I have been there at the peak of their busiest times, and they always seem in control and courteous.And if there is not a sign in a diner that says "we will seat you" it's fairly common knowledge that you should seat yourself.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,4/16/2013,5,29,4,8,7>Oh.  My.  Gawd!Dinosaur BBQ? Sticky Lips?  Forget both of them.  I know, I know...I speak blaspheme to the Rochester crowd, but you will come to see the truth just as I have.  Good Smoke BBQ is the best barbeque joint in the entire county.  Bad-To-The-Bone is in Williamson and just opened in Fairport, so that's my disclaimer, but I would judge Good Smoke to have just a touch of the upper hand.Need proof?  Look at the trophies and awards from the KCBS (Kansas City Barbeque Series) competitions that they have amassed over the years.  I stopped counting at 45 and there were plenty more.  It's hard to figure if they opened the restaurant to keep working on their recipes for competition, or if they compete in KCBS to open the best BBQ place around....but no matter.  My tummy simply does not care.I recently visited Good Smoke with a friend of mine who competes against Good Smoke in the KCBS and he simply said "this is why my team can never beat them".  What more endorsement did I need?Mind you, you will want to chow down and keep shoveling it into your craw, but slow down.  Roll the pulled pork, the brisket, or the chicken around on your tongue a bit.  Savor it.  Relish in it.  This BBQ is so good it should be a Cardinal Sin.  Brown sugar, molasses, cilantro, parsley...the sauce on the ribs contains such a medley of balanced flavor, spice, and aromas that you literally have to put a small bit of effort and concentration into it in order to fully appreciate it.  There's enough to lend credibility to their platitude of awards, but not so much that it overpowers the natural smoke of the meat on your dish.  Extremely well balanced.  Other reviews that claim the BBQ sauce is too sweet simply don't understand its purpose - to balance out and contrast the smokey flavor of the meat.  Contradiction in flavors is part of a successful smokin' BBQ.  Good Smoke definitely achieves here.Don't bother with the extra bottles of sauces that you're given.  Keep to the basics with what has won them all those awards for the best BBQ experience they offer.  I truly feel sorry for the poor sod at Good Smoke that has to fire up the smoker every day at 4:00 or 5:00 in the morning to get ready for lunch.Sandwiches don't come on a roll, but on grilled Texas-cut bread; a very cool and unique touch.  Portions are bigger than you'd expect, so be careful ordering the sides or you'll be wondering how to get all the leftovers home for your late-night feeding.  The Good Smoke Cuban sandwich deserves special mention here, as it's probably the best sandwich on the menu, bar none (especially compared to fried bologna).The place is clean, and a bit small, just like a BBQ joint is supposed to be.  The staff is courteous, and they are smart enough to remember who ordered what and bring it to you.  None of those annoying, vibrating, flashing reminder thingies or pull-tickets here.  And how could you not love a BBQ joint that sells t-shirts with "Got Bacon?" stamped on the front?  'Nuff said there.I'm sure that the crowd will increase as word gets out around town about Good Smoke and how good they really are, but for now you will get BBQ that is oh-so-much better, and authentic, than either Dinosaur or Sticky Lips.  But for now, get in there while the gettin' is good.Pitmaster Brian Wemett has obviously worked extremely hard at what he does and loves it.  I've never met the man, but I congratulate him for what he's created and accomplished.  Now all of us can enjoy and appreciate the fruit of his passions.  If you don't go to Good Smoke BBQ at some time you are truly missing out, but at least there will be more for me!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,4/15/2013,11,6,2,4,3>Fraiche is right around the corner from my place and we were waiting a while for it to open - it just kind of happened all of the sudden.  The ambiance is great, the bartender controls the music, and for me personally, both times I've been in there for dinner, it's been a great musical selection.My girlfriend and I came for a quick date one night to nibble on this and that - the vegetable pot pie wasn't awesome, but it's a vegetable pot pie - let's be real.  I love the way the salads come in the mason jars, I love restaurants that let you get involved in the process a bit.Came back for dinner for a family birthday - the service was great (again) and we got to sit in the cool big table in the center of the dining room.  I will say their beer list has room for growth, but everything our party ordered was great.  I had the burger this time - huge and delicious - and I also picked on everyone else - there was a fish special that was delicious and the shepards pie was great.I'll certainly be back again and to the individual who wasn't so impressed with the desserts.  Try a hard milkshake next time your back - these were AMAZING!  Only had the pretzel and caramel one so far so looking forward to coffee and donuts.  Hoping the place stays open - I've heard brunch on Sundays is great so looking forward to finding time for that.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,4/14/2013,2,5,4,2,2>Great service and delicious food!  Decor is a little old, but the food makes up for it. Great spot for kid-free dates. The hubby and I really enjoyed the dishes and wine. My swordfish was perfectly grilled and seasoned. The warm asparagus salad was outstanding, and I loved the flavor combinations and presentation of the plantain-crusted shrimp appetizer. My husband ordered the mixed grill for his main course and was not disappointed. Worth every penny!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,4/13/2013,83,236,,3,2>My father, who loved food so hot that he would break into a sweat and cry at the table, always said that a good Mexican restaurant had to have a screen door with holes in it and flies inside to be any good.  Despite the obviously racist tone of his comments, they do ring true.  Rio has neither though mama's restaurant in Sodus that the boys started this one from does meet the bill on all regards.   El Rincon in Sodus is definitely one star better when it comes to food but Rio has something of an atmosphere that most Mexican restaurants lack (or cheesily overdo) and for that it should be commended.  4 stars for food, 2 stars for service, 5 for atmosphere.  Overall, a solid 4.Now we've been to Rio probably three or four dozen times over the years.  From when it was first started by one brother (and I actually like the food better back then) and we then celebrated its reopening a year after it closed.  We've even catered a party with the chicken and moles so I think I have a bit to offer over some of the reviewers who have only eaten here once or twice (shame on you for offering a review after only one visit - you should always go back).First of all the service.  It's never improved and it's always been inconsistent at best.  But to be fair, when I say service I'm also referring to the time it takes for the food to arrive at your table.  Never in my life have I been to a Mexican restaurant that is as slow as this one.  And as my wife likes to point out, it's not like it takes long to prepare this food.   The ceviche is prepared ahead of tim.  Enchiladas, pozole, tamales - the sauces are made and the items already assembled.  There's no excuse for things to take 30 minutes to come out of that kitchen.  Yet time and time again they do.  And the service staff is not apologetic about it.  They should be.  They should be embarrassed.  The owner is a nice guy, and he'll prepare items for you to taste (such as for my friend who likes things so unbearably hot that he can't taste the food but he's still happy).  But for run of the mill, there's no reason why they can't be quicker.But the food itself, well, there's the reason why we keep coming back.  I've tried all of the other so called "Mexican" places in the area and they are all solely lacking.  I won't mention them by name, but if you like them, then there's no point in going here as you obviously don't appreciate Mexican food.For the appetizers, I love the Ceviche.  Better with shrimp than with Tipalia.  Their soup (Pozole) is always outstanding as well.  Do try one.  For the table, get a few Quesadila de Hongos and Rajas (at least one of each).  This is what a Quesadilla should be like, not like that crap they serve you at that local "chain" of mediocre Mexican restaurants in Irondequoit and Penfield. For dinner the tamales are excellent and the enchiladas are always good but you'll be best served by the mole - either the enchiladas or the chicken.  You can ask for them to do half and half of the Pollo Chipolte and Mole Poblano and if the wait staff is in a good mood, they'll do it.  Otherwise, get your dinner partner to order one and you the other and share.  They're heaven together - the combination of heat from the chipotle and the chocolate tomato from mole.  Why they just won't do half and half is beyond me and speaks to a great deal of ego from the kitchen - the customer is always right and shouldn't have to be persistent to get what they want (that's another reason why they don't get 5 stars, don't tell the customers you won't do something that's quite easy to do).Oh, and by the way, the comments about reservations ring true.  Just because you have a reservation on a Saturday evening at 8, don't expect to sit before 8:30.  If I could lower their rating to 3 and a half stars, I probably would because of this.  Thanks to the several other reviewers who mentioned this as it does directly speak to a lack of finesse on the part of the hosting staff.All things considered, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Rio Tomatlan to friends.  It truly is the most "authentic" of the ever growing list of Mexican restaurants we have in the area.  But I long for those days when we used to have to travel to Sodus to El Rincon for Mexican and point to pictures on the menu because no one at the restaurant spoke English.  And if you sat on the "patio" the neighborhood dog would come up and share scraps at your table.  Now that's a good Mexican restaurant.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,4/12/2013,49,92,,5,2>I've been on many Wednesday nights for trivia, and I always have a blast.  Three rounds of trivia, each a different topic.  Some rounds our team is more succesful than others, but we try hard and laugh a lot, so I guess thats good.  The winning team gets a pint of beer each (up to four people on a team) and the team names are pretty entertaining.Brick N Motor parks out front and delivers your food to you, so bonus points for getting delicious dinner with your trivia!There are four beers on tap, and they are pretty good.  I'm not a beer snob in anyway, so my tastes aren't as particular, so I can usually find something that I'm happy to drink a pint or two of.  Bartenders are friendly - just wish there was more seating!I haven't been any other night than for trivia, so I can't really expand on much else, but if you are heading out on a Wednesday evening for a few hours - you should hit up Roc Brewing.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,4/11/2013,50,223,1,6,3>I finally decided to get a membership to the Seneca Park Zoo this year.  I live very close, and with all of the traveling I do - I always like to visit zoos.  (I went to the Buffalo Zoo just this weekend.)  The deals for reciprocal zoos are awesome!The membership was well worth it, as I took a group of teenagers to the zoo this week.  We went on a Tuesday during Spring Break, and it was great.  There were hardly any people at the zoo (thanks to the weather which was snowy one minute and sunny the next).  Actually - we had the zoo mostly to ourselves which was pretty cool!I really do enjoy this zoo.  Despite the fact that so many animals have died in the last few years (mostly because of age) and the limited ability to take photos (wire fencing surrounds most of the enclosures), I feel like we have a well designed zoo with a good variety of animals.The new Ngorongoro Crater exhibit with the lions, elephants, and baboons is really great!  The design is great, and they are very interesting animals.  Who doesn't love the baboons?  My only complaint is about the Polar Bears.  Do we still have them?  I NEVER see them when I am here.I'm looking forward to using my membership a lot this year!   I highly recommend visiting Seneca Park.  Adults, Teens, and children alike will enjoy the trip.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,4/10/2013,8,28,,3,2>Definitely one of my new go-to places in the area for sweets! I stopped by with a daily deal offer and got some cupcakes & macarons. The day I went I tried a champagne & grenadine cupcake and an amaretto and almond cupcake, both which were awesome.  The cake was sturdy but moist, and there was a great cake to frosting ratio. The cupcakes are also a nice size, not overwhelmingly large like Sugar Mountain's (or as expensive) , but enough to be substantial. The real stars to me though were the macarons - so light, and so delicious! Of the three available flavors (chocolate, coffee, and rosewater), I am still dreaming of the coffee macarons, with their light & crunchy coffee speckled exterior and creamy center. The rosewater was also wonderful; subtle but with the same lovely textures (and such a pretty pink!). The owner was super sweet, too, and I love the retro styling of the kitchen area. I hope this place sticks around for a long time because I'm already looking forward to going back.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,4/9/2013,9,65,1,5,1>I have been eating these bad boys since the late 1980s and they haven't changed a bit, although they're getting tough to find with only one location left.  The place is sticky.  There's no other way to describe it.  This place is not for everyone.  Example, my mom wanted to come with us as my 15 year old demanded Country Sweets for his birthday dinner.  I wouldn't let her come.  In the end we brought it in and that's probably the better way to eat them.  Now let's discuss the wings.  These are NOT Buffalo wings so don't try to compare them.  My GF and I had a long discussion about this and as a "purest," she says they're not real wings.  My suddenly wise son said that's like trying to compare chocolate to pizza and I have to agree.  They're both amazing.  First of all, these wings are breaded.  They're then slathered with a thick, sticky sauce of varying heat.  The hot isn't too bad.  You need to get the mac salad.  It's kind of a creamy version that on it's own is decent, but once your wing sauce mixes in a bit...oh momma.  The wings are really big.  Like, seriously big.  The sauce is similar to boss sauce.  I'm not sure which came first and I don't really care, but they taste very almost the same to me.  You can get "country sweet" wings at Wegmans hot bar at some of their stores and they're pretty good but they're not like these.  These are massive and the breading is pretty thick.  They also have ribs, shrimp and other stuff (why???  Who would order anything here but those incredible wings).So here's my final analysis...great late night food.  Great once in a while treat.  For a single person I'd recommend a wing and mac snack, which is 4 wings and a side of mac salad.  If you're really hungry upgrade to a 10-piece.  As of today I'm officially recommending take out for this place. The staff there is generally nice but they get a bit surly at times.  If you call ahead, chances are your food will be waiting when you get there if you time it right and you won't have to wait too long.  Trust me, if you wait for it after you order there, you will wait a long long time.  Love LOVE the wings...hate the place.   If you like Mark's or Wegmans boss sauce wings you'll probably LOVE these.  I rate the wings a 5 and the restaurant a 2.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,4/8/2013,24,225,,4,2>Amazing!! I have not seen such a fine selection of cheese in a long time, and the best I have seen in Rochester. It is a small space, but packed with goodies if you are a cheese lover. The gentleman behind the counter who helped us was extremely knowledgable and pleasant. He knew his stuff for sure. We brought home some wonderful french goat cheeses, a very very nice triple creme brie, and a pound of really good 3 year old Canadian cheddar. We did go a little crazy, yes...but it was so good! Many selections out to sample as well.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/13/2014,35,203,2,6,2>What can I say. It's Wegmans. I like coming here for lunch. They have a great cafeteria and nice outdoor seating.  The parking on the side by the food court is really convenient too.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,7/12/2014,39,83,1,7,5>Starry Nites is my favorite coffee shop in Rochester.  I love the selection they have, everything always tastes very fresh.  I have had several of their food offerings and they are always made quickly and brought right out to you.  Free Wifi was great, they recently went to passworded wifi which doesn't surprise me because I think they were having people leech off of it all day long.The outdoor seating area is one of the best assets this place has.  It is huge and there is so much room.  Often at Boulder on Park or Spot the few tables they have are taken and you have to sit inside hoping a table comes open and then race to it.It also is right on the Art Walk so it is a great place to stop in for a quick drink or bite to eat if you are out on an adventure.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,7/11/2014,43,99,2,7,4>After visiting SEA a few weeks ago, I am disturbed to say that I never visited this place despite living five minutes away for over three years. What can I say... even though it was always busy whenever I passed by, I just never popped in before now. As with any Vietnamese restaurant, I will always get the pho so that I can make a clean comparison. This place did not disappoint (which shouldn't be a surprise to me, as it's sister restaurant is Viet Thai, who's pho is also very tasty). I order the beef pho, and I was very happy with it. It arrived quickly, and was steaming hot. Despite reading some previous reviews stating the broth was a little heavy on the 5 spice side, I found my broth really balanced and clean. I also must have had the appetite of Hercules, as I finished this dish off in one sitting -- noodles, bean sprouts, and all. :) SEA is a great option for when you want a quick and inexpensive bite -- this huge bowl filled me up for less than $7. I'll be back SEA, even if I have to drive to you!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/10/2014,65,118,2,6,5>I went to the Owl House for dinner for the first time in early June. My husband had visited several times earlier with coworkers and enjoyed it. He said that the menu recently changed to include more "omnivore" options. For an app we had the Battered Smoked Tofu Nuggets and the Saladboy 3.0.  Both were awesome! The tofu nuggets were smoky and fried perfectly. Great texture (which is def the key to good tofu). We also loved the light sauce they drizzled over them. The slaw it was served with was also delicious.  Slightly spicy, (horseradishy-maybe?) but not overwhelming and so so good. The Saladboy was also really good. I thought it was a bit overdressed (with an awesome dressing, btw), but I loved the combination of brussels, kale and hazelnuts. So good!  I'd definitely get it again.  Would consider getting dressing on the side so it's not swamped.My husband had the "Pats in the Flats" beef burger with the rosemary & black pepper fries. Fries were awesome. We both loved the rosemary scent. I could have even had more rosemary in the fry (I'm a rosemary fiend), but my husband liked it mild. Crispy and yummy. I got the Crispy Sriracha Tofu and really enjoyed it. Can't remember the last time I ordered tofu as a main course. I did wish that the tofu had been crispier (more like the tofu nuggets app) but I still liked it. The flavors of the dish, though, were truly awesome. The dressed & sauteed brussels & kale in combination with the creamy, sweet corn really made the dish. Make sure you eat everything together (tofu + salad + corn) in every bite because that's really when this dish shines.  I thought there could have been more brussels & kale relative to the corn on the plate. I ran out of the brussels & kale first bc I think I needed more of it in each bite to balance the flavors just right.We are looking forward to going back and trying more from their menu!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/9/2014,49,92,,6,3>I really like Sinbad's and keep finding myself coming back here.Sometimes the service isn't always the best, but the food never disappoints.  I recommend trying a pitza, they are really big portions and have delicious topping combinations.  The baba was fantastic the last time I came, and it's a nice spot to sit outside on a nice day.  The interior isn't much to look at, but the food is worth it.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/8/2014,48,128,,5,5>BC's had everything I want in a piece of fried chicken.  Crispy on the outside, the crust adhered to the meat, well seasoned, not at all greasy, and the meat was moist and tender.  No sauce was necessary, but I did like their hottest (flaming feathers I think) for a change of pace.   Best fried chicken I have ever had, for whatever that is worth.The sides aren't anything special.  Both the mac and slaw were just pretty good to OK, but the chicken was great so I really didn't care.  The place is tiny, so don't count on eating there/
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,7/7/2014,40,210,4,5,1>I had been looking for a restaurant with mellow live music suited for eating, drinking, and conversing, so I was very excited about Bistro 135.  It does provide a pleasant atmosphere for drinks, as the musicians are quite good and not overbearing.  The cocktail menu has a few standouts - try the Wall Street Bull if you get a chance. If it was just a bar with live music I would give it five stars.Food-wise Bistro 135 is less exciting. On the plus side for gluten-free diners they provide an indication of dishes that can be made GF, and I had more choices than I normally do at restaurants (between the steak, scallops, duck, or eggplant enchiladas entrees).  Unfortunately the food is not quite worth the $20+ price. Flavors are a bit bland, and my eggplant enchiladas dish wasn't very filling.  Of the five of us eating only the person who got steak raved about her food. All in all definitely worth a trip to sit in the bar area, sip a cocktail, and listen to some music - but skip the overpriced meals.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,7/6/2014,16,6,,4,2>I had an amazing experience! In recently moving back to the ROC I was hoping to find a good threader without shelling out a ton. Well ladies and gents, my brows look the best they've ever looked. Meetra listened and respected my requests, shaped them perfectly and they are very symmetrical. A good brow job will do wonders for your look. Check out Meetra's :)
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,7/5/2014,144,79,2,6,3>To-go ordered a custom grilled cheese with bacon and basil because bacon makes EVERYTHING better, obviously! Quick, friendly service. Will come back again to try some soup and other grilled cheese combos.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,7/4/2014,60,71,,7,5>Winfield, I am into you. I've been here twice, both on business occasions to wish off employees who are leaving the company. The first time I couldn't enjoy anything but conversation of staff members, because I was on the 24 day challenge - couldn't drink alcohol or eat anything enjoyable lol. Second time I ordered a few vodka, sodas and the best wings!! Oh my, they were so good and the drinks were nice and strong :) we had the Winfield special sauce on our wings (i believe that's what it's called) large bar and lots of seating. Close by too!! Short drive!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,4/28/2013,14,57,,6,1>First off....LOVE Greek food. Came here for lunch with coworkers and was pleasantly surprised. Am not going to critique the decor because WAY to many others have wasted time giving in depth review of what it looks like ( who really cares?) lets talk food....Chicken pita is DELICIOUS...my pita was packed with it and the chicken is nicely grilled and great flavor, wish they would butter and toast the pita so that its warm and crispy but that's nitpicking I guess. Tzatziki is outstanding....has great garlic, lemon flavor with cucumber and seasoning...A+ on that.Now the LEMON POTATOES....by far the best in Rochester. quartered crispy golden potato home fries with fantastic lemon flavor. I'll come back for a giant Plate of these things alone.Co workers got the gyros and they were packed with gyro meat and was told had great flavor.Waitress was very nice and kept stopping by to be sure drinks were filled....I would definitely come back to try more on the menu....YUM!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,4/27/2013,15,6,,3,3>My favorite Rochester Boutique! Great place to pick up a unique, one-of-kind dress or funky accessories. I love supporting local artists and my local economy. Every time I've been to Shop Peppermint, Tanvi is friendly, welcoming  and strikes up a conversation with ease. She has a great fashion sense which is seen in her trendy clothing line as well as the lines from other designers that she carries in her store. Great little gem!! The front window display is always an eye catcher too!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,4/26/2013,7,25,,2,1>My friend and I wanted to try someplace new for dinner. We picked here on a whim. we heard that there was parking in a lot, but we couldn't find it so we parked on the street. It was an easy walk and not too far from the car to the door. We were very surprised by how good everything was. When we first walked in we were thinking it was take out only, but then the waitress seated us in a dinning room that was hidden from view by a door. The dinning room was very small and kind of squished, but it made for a fun girls' night out. It is bring your own bottle, so lots of other diners were showing up with wine. We opted not to bring anything and just had ice teas. There was only the one waitress and she was doing everything. We were content to wait, but if you are in a hurry, maybe not the best place for you. We had a great meal of seafood (I had the catfish, my friend had something with shrimp) and a peach cobbler as dessert. Other guest were friendly and were striking up conversations with other tables, I liked the atmosphere of intimate but cozy. Great place for a date night, too.  It wasn't too noisy but the music they had was slightly loud. Overall, a great place and great food!
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,4/25/2013,31,3,,5,1>Had my vintage themed wedding here. Chose it because the back drop is so elegant/lovely that there was minimal need for additional decorations and they have an in-house event coordinator. The fireplaces made a fall wedding feel cozy. For a very reasonable rate, we hosted a seemingly luxurious wedding here. 2 great perks: 1) there is only one ballroom so your party is the only major event of the evening 2) the bride & groom get a free night at the hotel to crash in luxury. Perfect! And, the food is cooked by the high end steakhouse downstairs. Delicious! The only down side - they went through 3-4 event planners in the year I was planning my wedding... So I met with them more frequently to get assurance that no detail were overlooked. What kind of workplace environment has that kind of turnover?
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/24/2013,96,358,,9,7>I can't believe it took living in Rochester for nearly five years to visit this theatre! What a great alternative to corporate movie theaters. I stopped in for a double feature on Thursday ($5/$3 students - a steal!) and thoroughly enjoyed myself. Only downside is that there is only one screen and therefore limited movie choices. It's locally owned and casual. People brought in blankets and pillows to make the 4+ hour experience more comfortable. As I walked down the aisle to find my seat I was greeted by the house kitty, Princess, and I felt right at home. She seems to enjoy popcorn and spent the entire first movie on a stranger's lap. My friend is allergic to cats but did just fine. Cheap concessions range from $2.50 popcorn to several sizes of candy (also cheap) and drinks. Some local offerings too. Stop by one of the many nearby restaurants for dinner beforehand (lettuce b. frank, India House, or anything on South Ave.) and make a night of it.  Other theaters take note - they even had someone stationed at the exit to wish you a good night. :)
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2013,4/22/2013,25,56,10,11,3>Ok, Ive noticed that all the cool kids on Yelp bash the sushi in Rochester.  So, in an effort to be cool, I am going to preface my reviews of every sushi place by noting how much Rochester sushi sucks, and then expounding upon all of the places I've had sushi to show how worldly and cultured I am, thus giving my opinion on sushi more credence (in my own mind). Hopefully I can be one of the cool kids too!  So here it goes: all Rochester sushi is horrible. I've had sushi in Japan while I was stationed with Greenpeace in the small coastal village of Kyagi. I've had sushi in Tokyo made by the most famous sushi chef in the world (waddup Morimoto-san!!!). I've had sushi in LA. I've had sushi in Boston in which, rather than seasoned rice vinegar, the rice was bathed in the tears of whiny Boston sports fans. I've had the freshest sashimi possible when I was a mercenary in South America while we were on Covert Ops and had to catch our own food from the ocean and couldn't start a fire for fear of revealing our location. So let me tell you, Rochester sushi sucks.  Blah, blah *insert half-witted shot at Rochester here* blah, blah *cap it off with a pretentious, self-aggrandizing comment*.  Aren't I the COOLEST?Seriously, though, Taka House is some good sushi.  Not quite up to par with my favorite in Rochester, but it's close, and I will definitely be back.  All of the rolls were constructed very well, and even though they were packed with ingredients and in some cases quite large, the rolls never were in danger of falling apart.  The service was very good and friendly, and the chef and server thanked us repeatedly and were very gracious.  It's nice to see that some restaurant owners still realize that customers are their bread and butter, and if you treat them well, they will return the favor.We ordered the following rolls:Christmas Roll: Crab, shrimp, avocado, mayo, masago, crunch, topped with pineapple, tuna, tobiko, and special sauce. A+ for presentation on this roll, it really was beautiful, and aptly named.  All the colors of Christmas, along with a sprinkle of crispies around the roll to look like snow.  It also was delicious to boot.Samurai Roll: crunch, spicy tuna, avocado with mayo and seared white tuna on top.  Very good, the searing of the white tuna added just a touch of, for lack of a better term, smokey quality that was quite good.  Probably my favorite of the four.Taka Dynamite Roll: Salmon, avocado, crab, asparagus deep fried with mayo and spicy sauce.  I liked the different textures in this roll, and it was very tasty.American Dream Roll: Spicy tuna, salmon, yellowtail, masago, scallion, eel, shrimp, and avocado wrapped with fish cake and ponzu sauce.  Very good, definitely would order again.The complimentary miso soup and/or salad that comes with ordering 4 rolls were good, but nothing remarkable, which is OK by me.Located in a small plaza. Plenty of seating, and ample parking.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,4/21/2013,66,245,1,7,3>I went in here for the wings and was not disappointed! We ordered the medium-heat buffalo wings and they were crispy and so hot we could barely hold them. The wings were cooked to that right degree of crispiness, but still moist. The wings came with celery and blue, of course, but I have to say the dressing was pretty good. I am assuming it was homemade, but not sure. At minimum I can tell you that the dressing was not the normal bland blue cheese you find at most restaurants. We also had a cheese steak that was studded with some nice hot cherry peppers. That was pretty good but might have been better with some kind of mayo on it. We should have just asked for it but had eaten so much of the sandwich at that point. Plus, this probably would have been the clincher for an immediate heart attack. The crinkle cut fries also came out piping hot with some great seasoning on them. We really were there for the wings though.Beer selection was decent enough. So aside from top-notch wings, another surprise for the night was the service. The service was really great, friendly, and speedy. Definitely coming back here for when I need a wing fix!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,4/20/2013,129,393,2,8,3>Took a spin out to Burger Stop this week to check out the burgery goodness that they proffer. I picked their No. 1 special (Bacon Cheeseburger) with a side of Mac Salad. Combined with a 16oz Pepsi, it was quite a deal! Getting a solid lunch for under ten bucks is pretty good these days, and I had enough change to toss some coinage in the tip jar and keep a buck for myself. Pro Tip: this is NOT a fast food joint. You will NOT get a heat lamp burger in a couple of minutes and be out the door! The wait time is about on par with other quality burger joints, and within about 12 minutes I received my basket of wondrous beef. First impressions... firstly, the bun was a tad cold. I shrugged that off as I bit into the burger. Bacon was crisp, iceberg lettuce was crisp. Tomato wasn't bad for a hothouse product. The best part was the burger... which was quite massive. Thick patty, well done but juicy. Could've used a little salt, but I'm glad they left choice to my taste buds, not theirs. I ordered my burger with a side of their hotsauce which was... okay. Not "greeky", not "hot"... just meaty. Fell into the category of bonus meat, but I didn't find any positive attributes beyond that. No negatives... just no real memorable positives. If I wanted more heat, I could pack it on to my hearts content, as there was a vast array of hot sauces available in the condiment area.   As I was working my way through this burger I pondered my side dish. Two MASSIVE scoops of mac salad. A great tasting cold mac salad that could either serve as a bed for a plate or by itself. It was then when this Burger Napoleon met his mealtime Waterloo... I literally could NOT finish my lunch. Wisely, I packed it in & swore to myself that I would return again!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/19/2013,56,32,1,8,2>If you aren't planning on traveling to Italy anytime soon, head down East Avenue and stop in to Ristorante Lucano's Specialty Shoppe for some of the finest imported Italian treats Rochester has to offer. You heard me, this Shoppe is located on the east side which makes this ex-west sider feel right at home. Conveniently located just steps from one of Rochester's most noteable restaurants, Ristorante Lucano (my next review), the specialty shoppe is the Formoso families second contribution of authentic Italian food in Rochester.The space is small but organized and the family is always on hand to help pick out (or explain) the Italian treats. I stopped in recently to grab some fresh mozzarella (buffalo mozzarella, the absolute best!) and a box of my favorite Italian chocolates, Bacci. True to my impulsive nature, I left with a jar of fresh crushed tomatoes, artichokes and some homemade pasta. On my way out of the door I spotted pistachio gelato, I couldn't resist! As I cashed out, I was told that the items I was purchasing had been shipped that day, nothing like a handful of fresh ingredients for a delicious homemade Italian dinner.Though the U-shaped plaza looks intimidating, there is ample parking and the interior of the shoppe is clean and comfortable. Stop into Ristorante Lucano's Specialty Shoppe for the ingredients for an authentic Italian dinner, a special dessert, appetizers (fresh meats & cheese, yum) for a house party or even a gift basket perfect for those Italian in laws.One stop at Ristorante Lucano's Specialty Shoppe for the finest Italian ingredients and you'll be asking yourself, Danny who?  (Wegman that is, for my non Rochester Yelpers).
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,4/18/2013,0,3,2,3,1>My husband and I have eaten ar Joey's several times. We've also brought large groups of friends on special occasions. The food is absolutely superb. The Escarole and Beans is a huge favorite along with the Arrancini. High points also include the Chicken Joey and whatever Risotto special Joey decides on for the evening. The staff is energetic and friendly and create a wonderful atmosphere to enjoy a delicious meal. I've got to hand it to Joey because this restaurant is excellent. I will return for years to come. Bon Appetit!
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,5/24/2014,164,83,,9,4>Last nights pre fix menu was fantastic!Area of the world: MexicoSeating: 6pmOverall Experience: AmazingHave you ever walked into a restaurant and though, "I hope the food is as good as this place looks"? Well Atlas did not disappoint. The restaurant is small and cozy (about 8-12 tables), but very clean and fresh feeling. The food is an experience all its own. Every table is served the same courses, from same menu, in unison, so it is important that you arrive on time. Our meal,The Mexican menu, was full of delicious bites, the tortilla soup with fresh avocado and cilantro was my favorite. With each dish our server offered and introduction of its ingredients and an explanation of how it was made. At the end of our meal, the chef/owner walked into the dining area to greet the patrons and he was just as sweet as he could be! I am glad that I was able to support a business who is dedicated to serving amazing food, with locally sourced ingredients in a nice, clean and mature environment. I was totally surprised that a place like this existed in Rochester! Nice Job Atlas Eats!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,5/23/2014,40,167,3,4,4>Love this place. It was my first time there. Was able to find what I was looking for easily. The staff was helpful and friendly. The selection is fantastic with decent prices. Glad my brother told me to stop in to grab some Genesee Bock to bring to him in OH. Can't wait to try some liquidy yums upon my next visit!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,5/22/2014,9,63,,8,4>My wife and I tried Itacate when they first arrived in Penfield. We enjoyed the food but it wasn't served very hot. I figured I'd give this place a chance to shake itself out before we went back again. Well I think we may have waited too long and for that, I am sorry. After the late lunch my wife and I had this past Saturday, I'm prepared to pass Itacate my hard earned money in return for their food. We started with two margaritas and the Qeuso Fundido. It's the best Qeuso I've ever had. This isn't made with white American cheese like Mo's or the other Mexican restaurant in Penfield that doesn't know what they're doing. Itacate uses Chihuahua over a nice layer of the most tasty Chorizo I've ever had.  It's served with warm corn tortilla's and I'm telling you it's so good I can't stop thinking about it. For my entree, I ordered the giant burrito with shredded chicken and enchilada sauce.  Not only was it the largest burrito I've seen, but it was also the best burrito I've ever eaten. I'm not kidding. For $9 and change I consider it to be a bargain. No matter how hard I tried, I could not finish the monster. Think Chipotle burrito on steroids. The service was excellent. The owner even came over twice to make sure everything was to our liking. He noticed I was enjoying the El Yucateco habanero hot sauce that was on the table and he offered me some of their home made habanero salsa which they call Awesome Sauce. This stuff is great if you like a very flavorful salsa that has a nice kick to it. Luckily they bottle it for sale so we grabbed one to take home with us. They also have Valentina hot sauce. I consider Valentina and El Yucateco to be the two best Mexican hot sauces on the market. Do yourself a favor and try Itacate. It's the best so far in Rochester and I'm not kidding when I say that.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,5/21/2014,10,18,,7,2>Back again, and with more good news! I love the dorje crew! They are insanely knowledgable in their field. I usually do not trust anyone other than Nick or Marley to pierce me, but one day I was feeling courageous and itching to get my second holes done. I figured what the hell, earlobes are easy to heal, so I visited a shop in downtown Plattsburgh NY.  Big mistake. After 4.5 months my lobes still had not healed and were often irritated. To dorje I went for some advice. There I learned that the guy had pierced my ears on an angle and that is not the right way to do it. As a curious individual, I asked Nick and Marley what they meant by my ears being pierced at an odd angle.. I was not not aware that a piercing should be done perpendicular to the way the flesh goes. They exceeded my expectation of a "good explanation". Marley actually showed me how my ear was pierced, and the effects of it being pierced like that. He made an initially abstract idea entirely clear to me by demonstrating with a pen and piece of paper what was happening at the site of the piercing.  Everything made sense at that moment. As someone who thinks the body is magical, I was super excited to have learned more about how the body works and also reassured why I think dorje is the best shop in town. I highly suggest stopping in for your next piercing, or just to say hi. These guys know what's up and go out of their way to help and educate their customers.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,5/20/2014,145,407,,3,2>I really like being able to set-up my routine service and non-immediate repair needs by scheduling on-line. To be honest, that is (for me) a basic customer service expectation anymore, and Van Bortel got this right. I have confirmed that the best way for me (and perhaps for you too) is to set up a service appointment and drop off my car. While they have made some nice improvements to the waiting areas (TVs free beverages and they have tweaked the furniture and layout) I prefer to run errands or work during that time if possible. I have used the shuttle service and really appreciate it!If you do have to wait their free WiFi has been decent the last couple of times I tried it.The service department continues to always be busy. I take that as evidence of people being happy with they find here, but that further emphasizes (to me) the value of getting an appointment scheduled.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,5/19/2014,34,25,,4,1>Banfield Pet Hospital is great! We've been taking our cat, Xavier, for over two years now. The service and professionalism is always worth it. They are located in the back of the PetSmart on Jefferson road, so traffic isn't always optimal with Buy, Buy Baby and The Christmas Tree Shop flanking it. We pay for the pet insurance plan that allows multiple services like check-ups, dental cleanings, etc to be covered an not paid out of pocket. We have saved thousands on services, just by carrying the policy. Any pet owner should have one, if they regularly take their pet to the vet.Banfield has from what I've found to be the best veterinary services in Henrietta/Rochester. Our cat is 12 yrs old and has kidney issues, so he is on special diet food. They are always in stock.He recently needed to have some dental work done and I was very fearful of the cost/benefit for a cat his age. The staff and doctors took extra time to verify that the anesthesia, pain medication, and antibiotics would have little to no affect on his kidneys. They also did a great job in explaining the whole procedure and where, if any, extra costs may come in with the surgery. The staff are very prompt with follow-up calls, even for general check-ups. As with any specialty services like this, you need to make sure that you are informed to a point that your comfortable and educated in the decisions you make. If you don't ask if there may be extra costs or what specifically will be done, you may be surprised by a price increase. I'm a huge fan of Banfield Pet Hospital and would recommend it to any of my friends. If there was one thing that I'm not a big fan on, is the location, but they still get 5 stars in my book if they continue to be great.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,5/18/2014,28,9,,6,3>Flight has hosted a few different types events for me, which is why I keep going back. Attentive service, and a great selection are two of the main culprits for my return trips. Although the space is not large, it can accommodate a party of two as well as a party of 10. They have outdoor seating, which is a must for small Rochester spots because with the short sunny period throughout the year we do have, we like to stay outside as long as possible. I don't know too much about wine, but I know what I like, and the servers at Flight have always been helpful and on point with their suggestions. With small snacks (cheese plates, charcuterie boards, chocolates, veggies and olive oil tastings), Flight has everything I need for a good wine night.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,5/17/2014,14,3,2,3,2>Barbetorium/Fusion Salon delivers a first class experience in one of Rochester's most competitive neighborhoods when it comes to hair.Walk in and you will be pleasantly greeted by someone at the front counter. The space has a fun vibe to it while being very neat and orderly. You'll be cheerfully offered a beverage of choice, mine tends to be a Yuengling. Women's cuts are done in the middle area while the men's are in the back. Each section has two chairs and are rarely unoccupied. Off to the side is the shampoo area.Having only gone to a more traditional barber in the past, this was a new experience for me. And one I quickly embraced! I always get the "Lux cut" which comes with a shampoo, scalp massage and hot towel. Afterwards we head back to the chair for a trim. My only complaint is that I wish it took longer! It is such a relaxing and enjoyable experience that unfortunately it goes too fast.Jes is the person I go to without fail, although everyone seems to do a first class job. In between full haircuts they encourage you to stop in for a complementary quick trim up as well. Finally, book ahead! Don't expect to walk in here! It's worth it!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,5/16/2014,9,32,,5,3>Clemenza's is close to my work, so we buy their pizza and wings a few times a year for company events; I also drive there for lunch when I'm in a pizza mood. The pizza is perfectly good; the crust is thin, but not super-thin like a lot of the pizza you find around here. There's a good selection of toppings in the pies they have sitting there for slices, although to be honest I usually just go for pepperoni--they use really tasty pepperoni here. The staff is always friendly and they're indulgent of their regular customers. There's a good amount of seating, including outside when it's warm enough, although a couple of smaller tables wouldn't go amiss. I'll be back frequently.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,5/15/2014,23,12,,5,2>Love! This locally-owned coffee shop is stocked with all sorts of ingredients that can make a coffee lover's dream come true. In case you want to try a house special, there are plenty of tasty drinks and baked goods listed on the menu made with high quality products. The space is quaint and nice to have lunch with a buddy or bring a book and veg out. They even have WiFi! Parking can occasionally be dicey but only at rush hour times. It's also conveniently located in Bushnell's Basin off of 490.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,11/14/2013,66,245,,6,3>This CSA obtains fruits and veggies from area farms that either are certified organic or use organic practices. The best part of this CSA  is that there is a good chance they will either come to your workplace or at least some where pretty close to it (or your home) for a distribution. This is my first year participating in this CSA-- there is a great bounty now that summer is in full swing. The variety is decent-- I am a little burnt out on leaf lettuce though.  Generally speaking though, they have a good variety of produce and the quality is good. If you want, you can also purchase cheese, yogurt, beef, poultry, egg, coffee, bread or pasta shares to pick up at distribution points, too. You could probably get a good bulk of your grocery shopping done this way. I only am participating in the produce portion or the share, but I am familiar with a lot of the vendors they are getting the other components from-- it's all good stuff.Price is on par with most other CSAs. Communication is good if you need help or have questions. Enthusiast members often post recipes using the week's share on Facebook. If you like to know where your food comes from, you would like this. You also have to be flexible about what's-for-dinner. I really look forward to getting my share every week and planning my meals around the distribution.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,11/13/2013,0,25,,4,3>I can't believe i am the first to write a review about this place!! it's fanastic.  Home made bread, made daily.  Fresh meats and veggies.  There is an amazing assortment of subs to choose from. I have tried i think about 7 or 8 different subs, and i keep coming back, addicting and by the way tastes amazing!!  Best subs in Rochester.  They make their salads too. I love their mac salad, very good. Prices is good too.  I see them every week :)
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,11/12/2013,0,9,1,2,1>This place is really delicious. The environment is calming, the space is clean and extremely modern - one of the most contemporary dining spaces I've seen in Rochester. Our waiter was very kind and attentive, and the pho was delicious! I got a small bowl, but it was still more than I could eat. The chicken was all high quality, the vegetables and herbs were fresh, and I had the perfect amount of bean sprouts. The broth was very flavorful. Overall, I had a very good experience here and will definitely be going back.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,11/11/2013,5,3,,3,1>We love Gallo's Pizza and order from there probably more than people should.. Great subs, great wings and really good pizza.  The people who work there are awesome too; be it noon on a Tuesday or 9:30pm on a Friday they seem to be in good spirits. I would rather order from a mom and pop type of place than a chain anyway, but this place definitely delivers... physically and figuratively.  Would definitely recommend! oh and by the way... their slices are HUGE... and cheap!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,11/10/2013,13,48,8,4,3>I WAS FRAMED!!!! This place is as good as it gets, no nonsence pricing, quality work, friendly, quick and professional.  I am a budding photographer and a lifelong artist and quite frankly I am tired of getting ripped off every time i want to professionally frame my artwork.  Or the complete opposite of the spectrum, heading to Walmart or The Christmas Tree Shops (is that still open?) for a five dollar frame on sale that screams CHEAP!!!!  The way Mr. Phillips presents the final work is amaizing, drab gets glammed up, crappy is made chic, LOL!  Okay well he's no miracle worker but the quality he puts out is the best I've seen in a while.I would recommend him to all my artistic friends ... oh wait, I already did.  His gallery is right next to the Little Theatre, that's how I found him.  No job is too small, he has prints for sale by local artists that I never heard of but will be watching closely.  Grea job!!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,11/9/2013,14,57,2,6,5>Haven't had fried chicken in a long time and scary visions of greasy KFC always come to mind. I stopped on the way home to pick some up...... 1st beware: everything is made fresh and to order....no fried chicken laying around under lights here folks. It's fresh from the frier to your plate and DELICIOUS. I feel bad for even mentioning KFC in the same sentence. But don't expect to "drop in" and pick up some chicken, it could be a half hour wait so plan ahead and call in advance. OR do what I did order it in the store and have the yummy stuff delivered to your doorstep 45 minute later.They were out of ribs so only sampled the fried chicken......crispy, flavorful coating and the chicken had incredible flavor and SO juicy......not even a hint of being greasy at all.....WOW.Mac and cheese was very good, so was the herbed mashed potatoes and gravy, great flavor and a hint of bacon in the potatoes.  Loved the corn muffins too.2nd beware: the place is TINY only 4 small tables on top of each other, so don't come here with co-workers or family expecting to grab a table for lunch or dinner. Call ahead for pickup or delivery is your best bet.The ladies running this little gem were as nice as could be and very apologetic about running out of ribs....oh don't worry, I'll be back, I'll get to try them eventually.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/8/2013,59,211,4,8,4>Once again, the food was fabulous and the place was adorable, and the people were wonderful.So why am I updating the review? Well there are few things I tried this time that deserve a mention.The Horatiki salad, it is the almost perfect salad. A balance of crispy flavorful vegetables, tart vinaigrette, and salty feta cheese that makes you look forward to eating a salad! The Papoustaki, it's a baked eggplant dish. The eggplant is cooked perfectly, soft on the inside, with a crispy skin. The "meat" (vegetarian) is a bit too strong with the cinnamon flavor, but the bechamel sauce it came with, and the tzatziki I added balanced that excess and made a delicious warming dish. The Vegetarian Gyro plate was a bit of a disappointment, the seitan was too dry to be enjoyable, although all the other items in the dish were wonderful. But we discovered something, if you soak the seitan on their house dressing, it absorbs the flavors and it becomes moist and delicious. So if you want to try it, ask for extra dressing to dip the seitan in!Then the dessert, do they ever go wrong on the dessert?! We had the Galaktoboureko and it's now on my list of great sweets that I love and can't pronounce! Try it with extra syrup on the side.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/7/2013,18,22,1,3,3>I finally managed to find an excuse to come here and, lets just say it met my expectations.I do not remember what was eaten right now ( as a table) but I can say that it was good. Now, let us delve further in to that word, good. By good I mean that the dishes were plated elegantly, yet simply. Now, on to taste, there was not any one flavor that overpowered a dish, only a central 'theme' that was accented by herbs,spices and other flavors. Basically the dishes were cohesive and tasted as if each dish was its own, rather than Sauce 'A' + Meat 'B'+ Pasta 'C'. The meat (lamb if I remember correctly)  I had was cooked to a near perfect med-rare.Service wise it was very pleasant, and we were in and out in under an hour!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/6/2013,4,12,2,3,4>My husband and I have been trying to be more healthy and wanted a light lunch. I Yelped a juice bar and Just Juice popped up right in our neighborhood!! We walked in and it just smelled like vegetables and freshness!! There were so many juices to choose from but we both settled for Linda's Detox which had just about everything in it. We were both skeptical because we've never had anything like this before but the first taste....we were pleasantly surprised. So many flavors all at once!! We will definitely be back!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,11/5/2013,63,111,2,5,2>If your seeking a full brow sculpture or just a touch up, this is a great place for either. The owner doesn't really speak much but her work speaks for itself. The finished product on this brow threading is amazing. People always ask where I get them done.The nice thing about this location is that they have an actual store rental as opposed to the kiosk. The wait is never too long. Among other types of eyebrow maintence, threading lasts about as long as using a razor, but the effect of threading is much cleaner if done by the correct person. If you're shopping at Greece Ridge and need your brows done, it's a great place to go.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,3/14/2014,38,56,,6,3>I've got to give them some credit, they have come a long way in recent years. I went to Tandoor's lunch buffet with some co-workers the other day, and was pleasantly surprised by how tasty the food was. I used to think that their buffet paled in comparison to another local Indian buffet, but I have to admit that they are giving other restaurants a run for their money. There were plenty of lunch options, plus dessert, plus chai tea. The servers are attentive, and make sure they keep your drink full and empty plates cleared. You could do a lot worse for a lunch buffet!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,3/13/2014,1,8,,6,3>Tasty Soul Food!!!I had been wanting to try Unkl Moe's after hearing about it a couple of months ago, so  I went this past Sunday with my Mom for lunch. The atmosphere was casual and relaxed - with a diner feel to the place.  Most of the other customers had just come from church.I ordered a combo dinner with ribs, wings and two sides (mac & cheese and collard greens), while my Mom orders a fried chicken dinner with cabbage and black eyed peas. I was impressed;  the ribs were very good - pink and tender with a smokey flavor to them (which I like a lot).  They were doused in a homemade sauce that seemed like a mixture between boss and BBQ (but not too sweet and with a perfect spicy kick).  Definitely a different style of ribs than what is served at Sticky Lips (which I like a lot) or Dinosaur (which I am never very impressed with), however, I really liked the flavor.  The wings were very simple but fried to perfection (crispy on the outside, tender on the inside).  Finally, all of the sides were delicious - with the mac & cheese being my favorite (it was made with real sharp cheddar cheese and I could have easily eaten four more servings!)Although our order took a long time (there was a big party on the other side of the restaurant) the atmosphere was relaxed and the servers were friendly so I didn't mind the wait.  I will definitely be going back for some more ribs!!!!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,3/12/2014,37,139,,5,3>We come here almost every week to have dinner and get together with family. We used to go to the other location in the Win-Jeff plaza but that location closed and now they're tucked back off of W Henrietta road.I'll start with the good things: Food. The food is incredible. It's delicious and there are hearty portions. They obtain their groceries fresh from NYC every week, usually a couple times a week. They have very good dim sum on the weekends, especially Sundays. You have to taste it to believe it. The dim sum is made fresh from scratch, as is most of the food. You usually won't have to wait for a table, unless it's a special occasion or Sunday dim sum. I think they have the best hot & sour soup in town. And the best crispy spring rolls. Get the baked roast pork buns and the steamed roast pork buns to compare. They are delicious. And so are the shu mai and shrimp dumplings. Nice, plump, and juicy. Awesome with a touch of hot sauce.Now for the other things:Service is ok at best. I don't think the waiters and waitresses are formally trained in waiting tables. If you have ever gone to Chinatown in NYC or LA and go to one of the not so fancy restaurants, you know what I'm talking about. The service is better during dim sum on Sundays. Otherwise, not very impressive. However,  the owners are extremely gracious and wonderful people. I have to mention that they sometimes have family members, including kids, present and they can get a bit loud. I'm very understanding of the situation because it's in the culture to have family there, especially since they are from mainland China. But it's just a heads up to those who are not as appreciative of that. Overall, I think it's a good restaurant. We enjoy the food and the company.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,3/11/2014,3,2,3,6,5>This is the best bagel place hands down. I go there each morning on my way into work. My day hasn't started unless I've gotten my bagel. I bring their bagels to my customers when I do morning sales calls. The spicy bacon scallion cream cheese is always a huge hit. If you haven't tried it, then you're being a horrible person to your tastebuds. The staff is always very nice and fun to chat with. Their bagels are the freshest out there. Cheers to Bagel Land!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,3/10/2014,50,223,4,7,4>Great desserts!  To be honest, I don't even know what else they serve there.  But it doesn't matter, because the desserts are what I'm interested in. I came in the other evening with a group of friends.  It was getting kind of late on a Tuesday, and Phillip's was open.  They're open 'til 11, and that's a bonus.  A great place to go out late with friends or a special someone.I don't love the decor - but I was more focused on the friends and food, and you can get past that.  The service was good, prompts, and correct.I had tea (Darjeeling by STASH) and it was very good.  My dessert was a chocolate tiramisu torte.  It was light and sweet - but not overly so.  There were a few berries on top which were fresh tasting and beautiful.  I sampled a few friend's dishes, and while they were all good too - I was happy this my choice.I hadn't been here in years, but I was glad to stop in and have a delicious experience.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,3/9/2014,44,33,7,18,8>If my tastebuds had a passport, they would have five stamps from around the world. Maybe those t.buds traveled a short distance to the suburbs of Irondequoit, NY, destination: a lovely neighborhood restaurant and bakery named Atlas Eats. However, once they reached their destination, they were transported, round "with flavor" trip, to a gustational tour of Italy, Korea, Portugal, France, and New Orleans (ok maybe no stamp here). All by way of Atlas Eats' Edible Atlas dinner series.Atlas Eats is a culinary gift to Rochester, NY. It looks like your neighborhood friendly bakery and kitchen, with tables sprinkled about, and globes and maps on the walls. During the day, you can purchase bakery treasures like a huge slice of carrot cake, that I'm pretty sure is considered a salad due to all of the carrots and nuts comprising the delicious cake. You can also order breakfast and lunch, during which time I enjoyed the best veggie burger with quinoa ever eaten. By anyone. On Fridays and Saturdays, 6:00 pm or 8:30 pm, is Edible Atlas, a five-course transformative, elegant, and deliciously affordable dinner experience that rotates every two weeks. Grab your reservations (only 22 seats) and appetites because each course is generous. Yet, all five fit comfortably inside the belly.  It's a tasting menu of the flavors of a country, city, or region, and a feast for the eyes. Make your reservation time, as the room is all served at the same time. Each course is presented beautifully. During the recent tour of France, my chocolate cake was adorned with edible gold leaf. While taste-traversing New Orleans, a bright red crawfish accompanied the étouffée. It was a most comforting and delicious seafood stew with rice, and I was honored to meet the acquaintance of the crawfish who contributed himself to the dish.The five courses progress from either appetizers or variety platters of "amuse-bouche" sized samplings, to hearty soups, to proteins of steak, chicken, or fish, to delightful desserts. Each dish reflects the country or region of the evening's tour. Atlas Eats helps you feel comfortable to try new and adventurous dishes, and is accommodating in introducing each of the five experiences. I cannot recommend any restaurant higher than Atlas Eats. A family-owned business with world-class cuisine and a reasonably-priced dining experience unlike any I have ever seen, Rochester, NY is lucky to have Atlas Eats
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/8/2014,40,167,5,8,6>Who doesn't like donuts? If you know someone who doesn't, unfriend them. I'm in love with their cronuts and they don't make many per day so if you want some they suggest you call ahead of time and they will make a cronut order for you. Call the day before i'm guessing.Always fresh and always punched with filling and flavor. I'd say the best in Rochester.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,3/7/2014,9,63,,5,4>I was with my cousin and we were stopping for lunch at another local establishment. I noticed the sign for this place and we saw some cars so we figured we'd try it out. Well we had a great lunch. I had a chicken salad sandwich with home made cream of asparagus soup.  Everything was delicious. The sandwich had the classic grapes and what I'd imagine is maybe walnuts. The soup was superb and was seasoned perfectly so I didn't require salt or pepper. The service was excellent. The place is loaded with plants, which I believe are all for sale. This is a nice place for lunch.  I'm not sure if they do breakfast or dinner but for some reason I believe she does dinner. I would not hesitate to go back.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/6/2014,7,37,,4,3>I've only experienced a couple of the services Gallery Salon offers, but I'm a huge fan. I regularly get my hair colored and cut here, and Amanda always does a fantastic job. I get compliments on my hair all the time thanks to her! I also had eyelash extensions put on about a year ago, and although I let them fall out, I was thrilled with them while I had them. The results you get at Gallery Salon are absolutely worth what you pay for services, and the staff is always friendly and knowledgeable about what they do!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,3/5/2014,2,8,1,6,4>Very friendly staff, amazing food and authentic dishes. The veal Dominic is wonderful.  My parents I went for a special occasion and were not disappointed. My parents and I all loved our meals. The owner was there to seat us and even discussed some of his recommendations for dry red wines which my Dad loves! We got a bottle of what he recommended and were VERY pleased. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/21/2014,17,64,1,6,5>New ice cream place that's been open for about a month now. It's in irondequoits new development I-square. Pretty good ice cream, the unique thing about it is the flavor bursts. They have different flavors swirled into the vanilla. I got to try the maple flavor and it tastes like maple syrup. I got blue raspberry and my bf got grape. Basically I think it's food coloring? But it tastes good. They also have the regular ice cream orders of chocolate vanilla swirl, just vanilla or just chocolate and sundaes. And of course sprinkles. The only thing I would suggest is to make the outside ordering window area more presentable. They r new so it most likely will happen. I assumed there would have been an inside station, but that's okay.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2014,10/20/2014,9,19,3,4,3>Excellent lunch time place. The best subs in the downtown area by a long way. They were famous among Kodak employees back when their state street office was in full swing but now they cater to the office crowd for the most part which is unfortunate because they have such great food to offer. I think they would do well to move to another part of downtown where they'll be more noticed. The hot subs are their forte but I am a big fan of their cold Italian/American assorted subs as well. Do stop by.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,10/19/2014,5,19,3,3,4>Yesssssss Windjammers!  So glad we discovered this little gem near the beach!  We started coming here at the beginning of football season, because I am a Bills fan and the husband is a Cowgirls fan (unfortunate, I know).  First fabulous thing is the $1-$2 beer shelves.  It's rarely ever the same beer as they sell what they have surplus of, which makes it fun!  Last week it was Mich Ultras, which went quick!  So while enjoying whatever beers tickle your fancy, you can also enjoy the best darn wings I've ever experienced.  Do yourself a favor and try the Harbor wings, just once in your life.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them!  They are dry rubbed wings, which I'm not used to, and I was pleasantly surprised with how tasty they were!!!!  Now we are working on becoming Sunday regulars :)
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2014,10/18/2014,131,324,4,9,5>I'm not sure I could be more in love with Rochester Taproom. I recently discovered Corn Hill, and the location is truly a hidden gem in the Rochester area. The Taproom is right on the canal, and is a great place to have a late night bite and a beer(or several) with friends. They are open until 2 AM(kitchen closes at 11) on Saturday, but you can still enjoy the atmosphere all night.The menu is interesting, being centered around different types of sausage and loaded fries. I would strongly recommend the poutine fries and the nachos with the spicy chicken sausage, but beware. They seem to leave the seeds in the jalapeños, and my friends couldn't handle the spice. You've been warned, so enjoy!Oh, and the beers on tap rotate quite often, and the pitchers are inexpensive. Cheap beer, above average bar food, and a bunch of outdoor seating on the water? How can you give this place under 5 stars? For shame fellow Yelpers!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,10/17/2014,72,54,7,7,6>This Abbott's has a great location. Right on the lake near Ontario Beach Park and the pier. My wife and I have been going here for a long time. Arthur Abbott first started selling his custard in 1902, and opened the location at the corner of Lake Avenue and Beach Avenue in 1926. So this place has been here for 88 years and counting. Sometimes the lines are slow. I counted about 90 people standing there, when across the street at another place I saw 2 people waiting in line. That should tell you something. Not only is the location good but the custard, sundaes, and turtle treats are simply delicious. So go get an Abbott's and take a walk along the beach and the pier. It's a very relaxing and tasty treat!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2014,10/16/2014,9,63,4,3,2>Salvatore's in Webster is some pretty good Sicilian style pizza. I stop in for a slice a few times a year and at work, we order their sheet pizzas. They make the only good sheet pizza I've ever had.  They sauce it up nice with plenty of toppings. I'm not sure why other places skimp on sauce for their sheet pizzas. The wings are mediocre and I haven't tried anything else but pizza and wings.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/15/2014,40,167,1,5,5>Vern used to be one of the mechanics who took care of my car at another garage I use to go to. Always was honest and did a great job, so really happy to see and not surprised he has his own garage now. It's nice when you can take your car to a place you can trust. Very personable nice guy and it reflects on his staff. The location is great since it's right by Kmart and Wegmans, so you have something to do while you wait for your car. Had a quick oil change.  Fast friendly service. Even killed a bee for me lol. Made an appointment to come back for some new tires before the winter since the price was good and my tires are bald as mr clean. He's right in the Kmart plaza off Chili ave but he is on the right hand side of Kmart facing paul rd going towards the expressway. Google maps didn't have the right coordinates.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,10/14/2014,89,75,3,5,4>I love this place. Their general tso's chicken and lo mein are packed with flavor. They also give you a free egg roll with any dinner combo. I really like how their food is not awfully greasy and heavy. Pho here is also quite good. Its pretty small and expensive, but pretty freaking delicious.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,10/13/2014,113,225,10,9,5>Ah, Tap and Mallet, the center of grad-student life in Rochester (tip: if you're looking to date a medical student, this is where you find us)I come here an embarrassing amount (have become friends with the servers, can't not run into someone I know type of thing...)It's welcoming, down-to-earth, good for groups and has an incredible beer selection. What's not to love?My advice is GET YOURSELF A C.L.T. whether you're vegan or not, this sandwich will blow your mind.  I've never had coconut smoked to the point that it tastes like bacon but yes, it exists.Play nice with the bartender and you can sample a few beers before settling on one that I have no doubt will not disappoint.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,10/12/2014,100,146,1,3,4>Arguably the best in the area. They have good selections of books, movies (in DVD and Blu-Ray formats), magazines, etc. The location is easily accessible from the Park Avenue neighborhood, where I live and is a good place to relax, read a book, or access the internet.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,7/23/2014,100,146,2,4,4>My favorite park in Rochester and another Olmstead park. The Lilac Festival is one of the best events in town each year when it isn't rained out. The collection of lilacs is fantastic and colorful. The Werner Castle is a great place to take wedding photos. The bowl is a nice place to view concerts and other shows.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,7/22/2014,80,59,3,10,8>Abode is adorbs!  I am legitimately in love with this place! I was excited to see that they have vintage furniture and housewares at reasonable prices. I usually find vintage stuff I love and then find out it is way out of my price range, this was not the case at Abode! I definitely ended up standing in the store for like 20 minutes (looking like a crazy person), arguing with myself about whether I should buy a super awesome arm chair or not. I finally was able to talk myself out of the decision, since it was a bad choice to make just before my lease ends. I ended up buying a set of really cute, hand decorated glasses instead, and my desire to spend money was satisfied. Another adorable thing was Lucy the shop dog. A cute little French Bulldog who followed me around the store while I shopped and grunted at me. I intend to return to abode and get tempted into buying more things. I'm just crazy like that.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/21/2014,6,61,5,4,3>So many people living in Penfield don't know about this great little diner. Even so it can get busy during peak times. Their breakfast selection provides generous portions, is filling and satisfying. A great place for hash or a Benedict. Just save me a seat...
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/20/2014,16,83,5,5,3>I don't really care about my car. I don't. I wish that Rochester had a vast and efficient public transportation system so I would never have to sit in another automobile ever! Alas, this is not the case, so in order to enjoy life without the hassle of mooching on friends and family, one must possess a vehicle, and mine is a Honda Civic.I purchased it new at Ralph Honda and had it regularly maintained there. My husband religiously followed the maintenance booklet that was provided: oil changes, tire rotations, new air filters; whatever that little book demanded we acquiesced. Four years after the purchase of the car we moved to Henrietta. Though we had a rotten experience with this location when it was John Holtz, we decided to give it another shot, hoping that the new management were more ethical.My husband brought the trusty little Honda Bible-booklet with him and was startled at Garber's response: "No one uses those anymore!" What?! My husband insisted he needed his oil changed, as the booklet decreed. "No, no. no. Your car will tell you when it needs the oil changed. There's no need to have it changed every six months."What?! Ralph Honda was following an antiquated maintenance system, draining us of our hard earned money unnecessarily. Tsk! Tsk!Beyond saving us money, the employees at Garber were professional and friendly. Until they demonstrate contrary behavior, we'll continue to bring our Civic to Garber
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/19/2014,24,225,1,9,4>Hots, burgers, and plates...fast food type of menu. Judging, the style of food it is, I think this is a solid choice.  There are some healthier options to be found, salads, grilled chicken...but I was not in the mood for healthy ;) Very friendly employees, fast service. The space is clean bright and well maintained and roomy. And I must say, gyros not too shabby...really liked the pitas. Open very late and they deliver. Kind of an odd location, we almost missed it!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,7/18/2014,50,152,1,10,4>Every fall I always go apple picking in Rochester and you can be sure Whittier Fruit Farm is the place I'll go to every year.  They're on the outer reaches of town but it's immediately obvious why - they seriously have acres upon acres of apple orchards as far as the eye can see with a TON of different apple varieties available at different times in the picking season.  They've even bred a few of their own custom apples over the years since they've been around for so long!Not only that, the people who work here are friendly but more importantly extremely knowledgeable about all of the fruit and veg they farm.  If you're curious what apple's good for a salad, pork dish, or pie, these people will know!  With such awesomely fresh produce and such insanely good prices (whether you pick yourself or purchase from their store), how can you possibly go wrong?  If you go, do yourself a favor and also grab a swig of their bangin' fresh apple cider too - you will not be disappointed!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,7/17/2014,37,59,3,5,3>Whenever I go to the Rochester Public Market, my first priority is to get a breakfast sandwich from Scotts II. There are two guarantees when you get a sandwich at Scotts II: 1. You're going to be waiting in line, and 2. The sandwich is going to be amazing!I know there are other items on the menu and one of these days I may try them, but for now, the breakfast sandwich completes my Public Market experience. You get a choice of bacon, sausage, or Canadian bacon to go along with the egg and cheese. I've tried the Canadian bacon and it's good, but my go to is always the bacon... naturally.The folks behind the counter are no-nonsense, but always friendly. It's not uncommon for me to be called sweetie or honey when I'm ordering and it just adds to the charm. There are plenty of options for breakfast sandwiches but you've gotta try Scotts II before you say you've had the best in Rochester.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/16/2014,40,47,3,6,3>The burger bar is a great place for a delicious and quick meal!  Using locally sourced (as much as possible) and ingredients sold right here at this Wegmans the chefs create amazing burger and speciality meals that ate phenomenal for a quick dinner or even a destination.  However, unlike the previous pager system, your meals are delivered to your table via individually numbered flags which classes things up a bit!My favorite is the Mushroom burger, medium rare (irradiated meat lets you live on the carnivorous wild side) with a side of zucchini fries!  Gotta try it here!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,7/15/2014,67,135,4,4,6>The pizza, the sandwiches, the salads -- there's nothing not to love at Napa.  Grab a group of friends and order a bunch of pies to share; that's the only way to do it.I must admit, these pizzas are my go-to.  It's all gourmet thin crust here, so if you're craving pizza that comes in a sheet, save Napa for another night.  All of the pizzas are good; here are three of the ones I've had recently.The Hellfire pizza lives up to its name.  It's hot, and I don't just mean in a burn-the-roof-of-your-mouth kinda way. But the expert chefs stop just short of turning your tastebuds into ash; plenty of room for flavor in this dish.The Cuban Pizza is perfectly balanced -- the pickles add just the right amount of zip (background:  I think dill pickles are good-not-great in regular life).  The Ultimate Mac and Cheese pizza is, as you can imagine, carb overload in the best sort of way.  Cheesy with a just-toasted breadcrumb top, it's a must-try.Mike says the Polpette is mediocre, so I'm not in a rush to try it with all the other sorts of deliciousness going on.I absolutely love their Blood Orange Martini, and their sparkling Limoncello is not-to-be-missed -- but watch out, both are on the "very sweet" side.  They also have a great craft beer selection.I've heard good things about their all-you-can-eat Sunday brunch from 11 - 4 ... but I'm waiting to start marathon training again before heading out for that!  ;)
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,7/14/2014,39,86,,7,3>Jonathan Webb, his brother Simon and Simon's wife Maggie are in my opinion, the best in Rochester. Their new location (just across the street from Pittsford Plaza) is just amazing! Head to the back of the parking lot to an unassuming door, up the elevator and into a posh modern salon. The floor to celling windows give W something no other salon around here can offer- NATURAL LIGHT! There was a well stocked refreshment bar with wine, soda, coffee tea. The front desk was efficiently run, organized and the staff friendly. Waiting area was comfortable though my wait was brief. All around great experience from the ease of getting an appointment and consult to the skilled highlight/cut and finish. Deni says: Highly recommend!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,7/17/2013,131,324,4,4,4>Leo's should really change the signage of their restaurant to read Leo's BAKERY...and deli. The bakery is really the star of Leo's and it spans about 80% of the store. From cakes to cookies to pastries I'm pretty sure both children and adults alike could get lost in the sugary heaven that is available. Everything looks and smells delicious and I will definitely make it a habit to come here to satisfy my sweet tooth.My experience with Leo's was at their deli for a Turkey sub with cranberry mayo, red peppers, and some other fixins. The sub itself was tasty, creative, and just the right size for lunch. To my surprise all subs come with a gigantic fresh baked cookie. Deals like this will have me coming back early and often. Free stuff? Yes please! Free cookies? OMG HELP!!! Leo's, I think I might be falling hard for you.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,7/16/2013,49,9,,6,1>After a pretty disappointing massage when I first moved to Rochester, a Yelp search revealed Namaste, and I am so grateful. Jackie was extremely professional and gave an amazing massage. Her office, despite being in a larger professional building, was relaxing and very conducive to a great massage. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,7/15/2013,29,220,,1,2>Greenhouse Coffee Connection is a great stop for coffee and/or lunch.  You'll find really creative things on the menu-- great wraps like pear and cheese wraps and delicious cookies. If the weather is nice, try sitting out on the patio-- it's great for getting work done.Since starting to come to Greenhouse, I've noticed some great improvements in the staff-- given the mission of Greenhouse/Coffee Connection, this signals to me that their work program is really working.I highly recommend stopping here and giving Greenhouse a try.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,7/14/2013,29,22,,2,2>I don't know how I missed this place for so long. The food was outstanding. We ordered the Calamari appetizer and it was delectable! Every single drop was gone, the flavor, texture and preparation were incredible.  Hubby got the special; Rack of Lamb with creamy polenta and ratatouille.  He subbed mashed potatoes for the polenta without a problem.  I didn't taste the lamb, but he devoured it and had nothing but positive things to say. The ratatouille was juicy and fresh and full of flavor.  I requested the surf and turf minus the turf. I was offered the option of adding a third, 4 oz lobster tail or having the price reduced.  I chose the latter because it came with two sides and that was more than enough food for me.  The lobster was cooked perfectly and the seasoning was mouth watering, slightly too salty, but sooo good.  I had grilled vegetables and polenta fries as my sides.  The vegetables were crisp, but nothing extraordinary, the polenta fries were to die for! I only got two small fries so I felt a bit cheated in that respect.  They took $4 off of the price of the dish, which in retrospect, I would have chosen to get the additional tail for that small difference.  We ordered one of their in-house desserts, a berry and pear cobbler with homemade vanilla ice-cream on top. It was fantastic; slightly sweet, slightly tart and the topping buttery and salty/sweet. Yum!The restaurant only gets four stars because, for me, the food always is number one, two, service is three and atmosphere is four.  This place, located in the Historic German House basement, was severely lacking in atmosphere.  It felt like we were eating in someone's basement. There was zero ambience. If this is important to you, you may want to reserve the restaurant for a non special occasion. It was our anniversary dinner, so I was somewhat disappointed.  That being said, the service was excellent. Our server was attentive and available, but not pesky. We never lacked for anything.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2013,7/13/2013,65,118,,4,2>We have eaten here 3 times in the last 3 weeks. 2x for takeout (we live in Corn Hill) and 1x in their dining room w/my husband, parents & brother.Service is quick.Food is good.We couldn't help but compare it to Aladdin's which used to be in this spot. Menu is extremely similar and overall well-executed.My husband likes the chicken salad (huge portion, yummy). I love the spanakopita meal - great portion of side salad (1/2 the plate!) and fresh pastry & spinach. Would be better if they garnished it w/feta & scallions. I asked for some on the side and they brought them to me, no charge.Moussaka is also EXCELLENT - very moist & nicely spiced!!The gyro pita is a blend of beef & lamb. Good, and I'd eat it again, but I want to try more things.The beef pita is also good, but too many peppers (especially green ones!) and not enough tomatoes & onions. Also the meat was weirdly distributed in it (some bites were all beef & pita, some were all veggie & pita). Tomatoes & onions need to be bigger chunks (not slices). It was a bit oily, although dressing is quite good. Feta was great in it! I think they can improve it & hopefully will.Brother had the pastitsio and it was good flavor, but he thought it was dry. Waitress/owner said it was supposed to be that way.... ???Mom had a pasta dish w/roasted garlic. Both she & I really liked it.Waitress/owner is also an accountant for a nonprofit locally. This is definitely a 2nd career for her, which is cool, but she could do more to improve the dining experience.Wine prices are outrageous, especially for the quality (Barefoot or similar I think...yuck...) so we didn't buy any alcohol. I would recommend bringing your own & paying corkage. Corkage is $7.50, which is high (I think it should be $5), but better than ~$22(!!!) for their house wines.Evan said desserts looked delicious, but we haven't tried them yet!4 stars for solid food. 3.5 overall for dining experience. We will definitely be back!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,7/12/2013,145,407,1,5,2>Best gluten free pizza in the ROC city area & the regular pizza is good too!Not many places can due decent pizzas in both forms GF and standard but here they have achieved it, which is  a lot given the drastically different textures and cooking behaviors of the to doughs, so kudos to their chefs! While $4 extra for GF dough on top the slightly higher than typical prices, ain't cheap, here it is worth it. Their wood fired specialty pizzas are available in a variety of menu choices or choose your own toppings. We had the Spinach and Artichoke GF and the Tasty (pepperoni and sausage) both were quite enjoyable. While I can't attest to those folks who have to be attuned to high sensitivity to cross contamination risks, we had no problems and enjoyed good pizza.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,7/11/2013,58,204,3,4,4>This is still my favorite place to get a pulled pork sandwich in Rochester. The fried pickle spears are my go-to app, even if they're served at hotter-than-the-sun temps. I cut them in half to let them cool, but inevitably someone takes a bite as soon as they're on the table and that person doesn't taste well for a day or so. The sandwich is soaked with sauce and juices, but somehow the bread holds everything together. Their sweet potato fries don't disappoint. The mashed potatoes and gravy are my top choice for side, while the mac & cheese is solid yet rather unexceptional. I might be swayed into agreeing this isn't the absolute best bbq in the area. I suspect there's a few lesser known shacks that have a perfect sauce and better meat with oh so amazing sides. Maybe the buns are toasted garlic rolls or mini magical carpets of corn bread. What puts Sticky Lips on the top of my list is the building and the people. The servers and bussers have always been genuinely friendly, regardless of how busy they are. The hostess is probably their only room for needed improvement, I am consistently irritated by the attitude that we're greeted with. That seems to be a common issue with restaurants in general, unfortunately. As for the building, it has a fun but not cheesy vibe. They actually thought about the pieces used for decoration, instead of just ordering the "nostalgia package". The building feel old and grimy, which is oddly a good thing in my opinion for a BBQ place to be. I'm convinced they smoke their meat for hours and they make the sauces themselves. It's in the walls, it's the smell that captures the senses as you walk in from their expansive rear parking lot (another feature I appreciate). Maybe it's not in a cool downtown location, but how is that a bad thing? It's sooooo much easier to get to if you're coming from anywhere else. If you're already in the city, it's still only a short surface-street-only drive. There's no fighting for a parking spot, and if you sit outside in their enclosed patio or the upstairs rooftop balcony, the street traffic doesn't drown out your conversation. Maybe without these things I would only award 4 stars, and maybe you only care about the actual food so my views aren't in line with yours. I do enjoy their food greatly, but Sticky Lips excels at providing the laid back dining experience a good BBQ place should offer. Their redhead still needs improvement.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,7/10/2013,4,17,7,7,5>My wedding cake from Amanda Oakley's in Boston was fantastic. So fantastic that we couldn't help but eat it off the floor when the top tier smashed onto my BU apartment floor as we moved out. Le Sigh.So now, a year later, we decided to get a replica in our new hometown of Rochester. We contacted Vinny of Boom Botts through my co-worker thinking we were just getting a regular/albiet delicious old cake. We gave a brief description (lemon/raspberry with italian meringue) and waited. Not only did Vinny not give us a regular old cake, he researched our wedding cake pictures and recipes and made an exact copy. Only this one was not a year old and stale. Oh no, this was one of the most moist and flavorful lemon cakes I've ever eaten. And let me tell you something, I know my lemon cakes. The italian meringue had just a touch of sweet and super smooth and velvety. Vinny also took the time to make the fondant red ribbon (a very key component of our tiny wedding) of our top tier. The work and care he took to make our little cake was wonderful and touching. We will definitely contact Boom Botts for future cake-ventures. And believe me, I love my cake-ventures. Now excuse me while I hunt down my husband who took off with our leftover cake...
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,7/9/2013,0,4,2,2,3>There's still life in Rochester! With many areas seeming abandoned and under populated these days, the Public Market is always packed with friendly and outgoing Rochesterians. I recently went to one of the Market's Food Truck events and was blown away by the turnout, the array of dining options, and the live music. A must go, and a great way to spend your nights and weekends this summer.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,7/8/2013,2,12,,10,1>I have been here 4 times now, and never had a bad experience. The food is the best mexican food I have had in Rochester. I have had almost everything on the menu, and haven't had a bad dish. I highly recommend the queso fundido starter, its my favorite. My current favorite entree is the carne asada, but I also love the asado de puerco. My wife usually gets the entree burrito or naked burrito, both of which she loves. Happy hour everyday 4-7pm is awesome, and the margaritas are delicious. I prefer mine "up."One of the best things about this place is the owner. He is involved, engaged, and genuinely cares about not only the restaurant, but your experience.The restaurant is also very web-savvy, which is a huge plus in my book. They have a facebook page, Instagram, are part of the LoyalTree program, and are also active here on yelp.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,6/17/2013,0,6,,4,3>This is a great little store and it serves a good cause.  It's part of the AVBI (Association for the Blind and Visually Impaired).  To donate, you can donate goods there in the back and it's super easy.  If you have never donated, give it a try.  All you need to do is pull your car around back to the donation area.  You don't need any appointment, just a willingness to give. They give you a receipt that you assign the value of your donation based on your valuation.  If you want to shop they have a nice balance between clothes, books and merchandise, typically glassware, cooking, light appliances and what-not.  The turns on the merchandise are good, it usually rolls over every week (of course some things never move).  I almost always find something there.Prices are very sensible for a thrift shop.  They know the stuff is pre-owned and used, so the prices are fair.  It's not huge, so you can usually stop in for a few minutes and see if anything is in there for you. What you get is mostly clean and working.  If it is in bad shape, it doesn't make it to the floor.Give it a try. There is lots of parking and it's a safe friendly place with some good deals.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,6/16/2013,9,65,3,4,2>OK here we go.  I get pretty picky about higher end places and often find it difficult to enjoy when I think I could have a very good comparable meal at a much more reasonable price.  I came here with a bit of a chip on my shoulder, ready to pick this place apart for any reason.The menu is definitely high end, especially for Rochester.  My gf and I both had the KC cut.  It was cooked perfectly and the cut of beef was simply excellent.  The steaks come out on an iron plate that was in the 1,500 degree oven. This is primo steak prep and I think most of the recognized high-end places like Ruths Chris or Mortons cook theirs this way.  I don't know of another place in Rochester that uses an oven this hot.  I have to admit, it was a kick ass steak.I had the sweet potato dumplings, which were so good they should be on the dessert menu.  They were absolutely delicious.  She had garlic green beans and they were very good too (for a vegetable).  The ambiance is elegant, our waitress and her "helper" were there when when we needed anything, very professional, and seemingly well trained.  But not snooty, which I was happy to see.  We also had some potato app that was delicious as well.  All the food was beautifully plated and the iron plate on the steak kept the meat very hot until the last bite.There were no leftovers.  not even close.Not a place to go to all the time.  A bit on the trendy/fancy side, but for clients, a romantic or special occasion or something of that nature, you can't go wrong.  This place is arguably the best steak house in town.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,6/15/2013,24,225,3,4,3>They have butter tarts here :) I have only seen them in Canada before! My husband is a huge fan of these little tarts, and was super excited to find them. He normally resorts to finding someone smuggling them back over the border for him (shhhh!). Martha Jane's version is a bit larger than ones I have seen before and really half a tart will do (very rich and sweet!)  I like a lot of their offerings here, actually. Unique, items you don't see at other establishments... The little round ginger-lemon poundcakes, the hand pies, the coconut macaroons...all are very good! Get here early. or else they are likely to be cleaned out!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,6/14/2013,14,3,,1,3>This restaurant is very deceiving. Upon first glance it appears to be just another coffee shop from the street. I was fortunate enough to have some friends recommend this unique spot.My first visit was with a group of 9 people on a Saturday evening. They were able to accommodate us when we called ahead a couple days prior. When we arrived the space was ready for us and there was no wait. Given that there was heavy rain it would have been helpful to know that there was parking available across the street. Our waiter, Aaron took great care of us. Rarely was there an empty glass and he was very knowledgable about the full menu. Most impressive was the fact he was able to recite the full dessert menu (at least ten items) from memory.The ribeye with sweet potatoes and artichokes were very good. This place would make a great date spot or for a small group. The only downside for our party of nine is that the conversation was inevitably divided in two group due to the set up.Another plus is their menu highlights paleo options.Final recommendation: thumbs up.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,6/13/2013,1,12,,3,3>Ken's is great. What is not to like about fresh ingredients, you just don't get that at very many pizza shops. Slices are always hot and fresh, and delivery is always reasonable We have ordered form here countless times, and will continue to order from here.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,6/12/2013,28,135,3,3,2>Don't let the location or somewhat dingy exterior of this place keep you away.  Yes it is dark and perhaps a bit musty and tends to attract an older Rochester crowd.  If you are looking for a hot new spot with free range beef and the dress to impress crowd, this is not your place.  You're more likely to find retirees in Buffalo Bills jackets and guys wearing trucker hats.  You should also plan to enjoy a few drinks....arriving at prime time, 7pm on a recent Friday, we waited 80 minutes for a table.  But if you have patience, a sense of humor, and good friends along for the ride, you will be pleasantly surprised.  At one point our party had three glasses of wine in three different types of wine glass, all ridiculously tiny and filled to the brim.  Ok so they haven't quite updated their glassware, but the wine and beer selection is decent, with probably ten draft choices and even a draft cider, which is not always an option at many restaurants..  After a lot of laughter and a few rounds at the crowded bar, we were finally seated.  Tables are small and tight, but the food is delicious.  These guys take frenching to a new level...there must have been a dozen choices including standards of chicken and artichoke, but extending to scallops, lobster, several vegetarian options...hell they'd french you a poodle if you asked nicely.  I opted for the haddock french over fettucine, which arrived steaming in golden brown goodnes, three large filets glistening in that gorgeous decadent french glaze of lemon, wine and butter.  The sauce is perfect and the portions massive, well justified at $16.99, and will give you a satisfying lunch for tomorrow.  Of course they are known for fish fry snd that can also be prepared pretty much any way you want.   I think this place is a hidden gem, and there's a reason crowds have been flocking here every Friday for decades.  If you've got the time and the appetite, you will leave with a full belly and a smile on your face, and that is a very good thing.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,6/11/2013,21,12,,2,1>We recently moved nearby and one of the first things I wanted to do was check out the Pub. I'd been a fan of Don's Original on Monroe for many years and the idea of a pub inside a Don's Original seemed oddly intriguing. I was half expecting to find that they just added a few taps to a normal Don's so that you could get a pint of beer with your ground steak. Not that there would be anything wrong with that in my book.Much to my surprise, they've got a full-fledged sports bar/pub in there, with a very strong selection of beers on tap (all hail the Scotch Ale!). The decor isn't anything to write home about, but the bar itself is nice and they've got the requisite HDTVs on every vertical surface. If you're looking for a clean, unpretentious hangout with great food and a relaxing vibe, this is it.Speaking of the food: I've been three times now and have been impressed with the quality of the food each time. I guess I shouldn't be surprised since food is really Don's core competency, but it's a major step up from the grub you'll get at most sports bars. The wings in particular were impressive - crispy, meaty, very hot (I ordered them that way), not drowning in sauce but not dry either. Easily some of the best wings I've had in town.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2013,6/10/2013,30,1,1,3,1>Extremely friendly staff from the beginning to the end of our visit.  Great selection of food, and well thought-out seasonal menu.  Calamari was skillfully prepared - lightly breaded and flash fried, just as it should, and the aioli was light and aromatic.  All the main dishes looked and sounded/smelled excellent, and included an unusual combination of flavors not often seen in Penfield/Fairport.  However, the real gem was a scallop special done with a parsnip puree, caramelized grapefruit, and seasonal vegetables - simple, yet assembled perfectly!  The proverbial "icing on the cake" were the desserts - the chocolate cake was to die for, and the orange ginger crème brulee was spot on!  Keep up the great work, Chef Steve!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,6/9/2013,44,33,5,12,6>I didn't venture over to this little lunch spot until I started working within walking distance of the place.  Cravings is small, it's pricey, and the menu is a little overwhelming.  But the food is fresh and you really can't find better salads, desserts, or hidden cheap eat gems like this anywhere else in downtown Rochester. The owners of the place are a couple, and they infuse the restaurant with their personalities and love (their story is on the wall). I gave Cravings three chances, before it claimed my foodie heart, and I became a regular. On my first visit, I tried only the cheesecake brownie.  The top half is an extra rich, extra creamy and thin layer of chocolate-marbled vanilla cheesecake.  The bottom half is one of the best brownies that I ever had.  It's really chocolatey and moist, cutting the tart taste of the cream cheese in the cheesecake. The thing is amazing, and it's gone too soon. I figured that I should return for more substantial food.On to my second visit, I dropped over $8 on the Harvest salad (normally $7.25) because I added two ounces of deli turkey to the salad ($1.25).  Old me would question why the salad was so expensive. But before that day, I never tried cinnamon balsamic vinaigrette.  The salad is incredible.  It is made up of romaine and field greens, apple, craisins, walnuts, red seedless grapes and crumbled bleu cheese. The piece de resistance, the cinnamon balsamic vinaigrette, is the most unique dressing that I have ever eaten.  It pairs perfect with the apples and blue cheese.  All of the fruit was crisp and fresh. There was a beautiful balance of greens and fruit to walnuts and crumbled bleu cheese. Most importantly, they give you a lot of it.  I finished happy, but feeling light in the wallet. TIP: THEY HAVE A "PINCHED MENU": half the price, half the size. but like I said, they give you so much that this could be the way for you to go.That takes me to my third visit. I had the luxury of waiting while a woman was showing off pictures of her newborn baby.  That let me look at the extensive menu without any pressure. It also brought me to my first love in the elementary school cafeteria and my latest love for lunchtime--the Taco in a Bag. It's priced under $4. It comes in a convenient to-go container, stabilizing a doritos (or option for fritos) bag, crushed up and topped with taco meat (spiced really well), sour cream, salsa, cheese, and lettuce. I've since returned many times. The banana bread is superb. Their soups are hearty and full of soul. Cravings is worth the trek a tiny bit outside the heart of Downtown and worth spending a little more for a great lunch.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,6/8/2013,15,14,,1,1>The food was absolutely delicious. Full of flavor and very authentic. Bonus is the food was plentiful without burning a hole in your wallet. This place is a gem and I highly recommend the empanadas and chuleta (pork chops). I'll be coming back again and again.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,6/27/2013,30,16,2,6,4>The best donuts in Rochester.  I wouldn't normally drop superlatives at the get-go, but it's true.  Donuts Delite, some may argue, is the best -- I would put them at the #2 spot.  (Fairport Donuts, RIP, was #3.)RDC is this unassuming building on Portland, right off 104.  (Points for how easy it is to get there despite distance -- just take the expressways.)  Get there early enough, and you walk into a no-frills, old-school donut shop with guys sitting at the counter, drinking coffee and reading the paper.  It's the sort of place you'd WANT to be sitting at 5 am, drinking coffee while it's still dark out, listening to the radio on the back counter and eating a fresh donut while the plows are out.The donuts are a thing of beauty.  No craziness with the colors, no giant "novelty donuts": just classic, delicious donuts.  The apple fritters are as big as Michael Jordan's hands.  The cake donuts are perfectly made with just the right crumb.  On occasion they'll play around with variations on classic donuts, but it's never anything that sounds/tastes like a bad idea.In a perfect world, when/if the place has to change ownership, I'd buy it outright and keep the legend going.And as an aside: for EVERY person that I've successfully steered to this place (meaning they actually took my advice and went) -- they've converted.  They know.  Number one for a reason, friends.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,6/26/2013,5,8,,4,3>I'm a total pasta lover and have to say this is one of the most authentic places I've tried. The red sauce is delicious! Don't let the location/look of this place scare you off. We went for date night and loved everything about our meal. I especially like that they include bread and salad with the meal. The price for what you get to eat is definitely a deal!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,6/25/2013,28,21,2,6,3>First time I've gone, so maybe I'm being generous with five stars, but I don't think so.  I ordered a small, which comes to $7 including tax.  $7 will get you 1 meat and 1 rice choice.  I opted for yellow rice, and pork shoulder.  Since the rice already had beans in it, I wasn't expected to be offered more beans, which I happily accepted.  I was also offered a piece of the pork skin, which was neat.  I got my food home, and expected it to be as salty as the food I've grown accustomed to while eating at my Latino friends houses.  It really wasn't that bad at all.  The rice was a tad salty, but even less salty than I'm used to. and hardly intolerable.  The meat wasn't salty at all.  I thought it was deliciously seasoned, and very moist.  That piece was pig skin was out of this world!  I should've saved it for dessert, but it was too good.  The portion size for a small is actually 2 normal sized portions.  Of course nobody in America eats normal sized portions, and that's why we're all fat.  I definitely am making 2 meals, or at least a meal and a snack out of this.And an edit to this, I'm glad KFC went out of business and these guys moved in.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,6/24/2013,99,96,2,4,2>Oh Stever's...a trip down memory lane. My aunt took me there all the time when I was growing up and now I always have to stop in to grab a little something when I am in the Park Ave area. The people that work at Stever's are very nice and it is a great place to get a unique little gift. They have chocolates with all different themes and molds that can fit any personality, but the best part is: the chocolate in the fun molds are actually delicious. My favorite things to get are the chocolate covered espresso beans, dark chocolate covered pretzels and the different cremes. Stop in and pick something up! It will make a friend's day!
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2013,6/23/2013,52,128,2,4,2>Open Face is a quaint shop located in South Wedge- a great lunch destination and free street parking!Upon recommendation, I had the corn mash sandwich which came with a side of gingered carrots ($8.50).  As the shop name gives away, the sandwiches are open-faced and eating half of it was enough for lunch.  The mashed corn was unexpectedly sweet but had a kick from the bell pepper.  The fried french onions added on top gave the sandwich more dimension, I just wish there was a tad bit more.  The gingered carrots went well with the sandwich so I just placed it right on top as I ate.  I didn't finish the carrots and decided against saving them for later because of how sour they were on their own.Service was a little slow, especially considering the lack of people in the shop.  But besides that everyone was generally nice and helpful.A little bit pricey but I'll definitely be back to try their other sandwiches at some point!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,6/22/2013,0,5,,5,3>Bike shopping for our 8-year-old daughter recently, we were smart to stop here last. We visited a big box sporting goods store, and three other independent bike shops. Shopping at Freewheelers was vastly more pleasurable, informative, safer, and by far the best value.Roger, the owner/mechanic, got her fit properly on the bike she liked best, then let us ride for as long as we wanted to be certain. He even loaned me (dad) a bike so I could keep up with her on the neighborhood test ride. IMPORTANT: Roger sells his kid bikes at or below cost as a political statement, to keep people from wasting their money on junk bicycles at big box stores, and to keep the kids safer. Because new bikes are machine built in Asia, Roger disassembles all new bikes, repacks the bearings, and hand tightens them to spec. He also gives FREE lifetime tune-ups on bikes you buy there. These two extras are HUGE -- plus we saved $100 over what the other shops were selling the same Fuji bike for.We'll be back again, and HIGHLY recommend this shop for both kids and adults.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,6/21/2013,13,1,2,6,2>The concept behind Rochester Brainery is awesome. Learn something new and different everyday, for less than $30. I love the space too! I look forward to taking another class!Tips:-I didn't sign up online, so it may be safe to call/email ahead and check availability if you want to just walk-in.-If you aren't familiar with village gate, the parking and location may be a bit confusing so try to get there a few minutes before the class starts to navigate.-Bring a laptop/ipad/notepad for note-taking purposes just in case it isn't provided for the specific class you attend.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,6/20/2013,50,223,,6,1>Had a pleasant experience here recently while taking a small group of students from school.The staff was friendly, and informative.  Our students hadn't tried Indian before, so they weren't quite sure what to order. I ordered my standard Chicken Biriyani medium.  It was very good.  Actually, out of all of the Indian restaurants I've been to, this was by far the best biriyani.  The portion size is a little ridiculous, but there was plenty to take home!The mango lassis were very good, and the chutneys were excellent to.  I LOVED the mint/cilantro flavored one with a kick.  Best I've had in a long time.  Our students are used to very spicy food, and they ordered meals on the spicy end.  They were a little overwhelmed by how hot it was, but I tried it and didn't think it was too bad.  Maybe they are just not used to Indian spices.The ambiance was pleasant, though I would have enjoyed some music in the background. I would definitely come back - maybe for their buffet dinner on a Tuesday!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,6/19/2013,49,92,,3,3>Owl House was delicious.  I've been once for brunch (had the breakfast nachos.  a hangover's dream) and once for dinner (our table had two cherub sandwiches, the mac and quack, chicken wings, and a shrimp small plate).  Both time I was really impressed with what Owl House is doing.Great cocktail and beer selection (I didn't really pay attention to the wines).  The service was wonderful and on a warm May evening, sitting on the patio was fantastic.I love Owl House and plan to go back many times.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,6/18/2013,26,17,2,2,2>Like Sean Connery getting rough on ur mother, this plate bit back; rough rough. Ulysses and the majority of the Union Army fought passionately for the dual beef patty smothered in ketchup and mustard. The Confederacy never once saw the steaming heap of meaty hot sauce declare it's ornery, greasy, cholesterol rich liquid as a threat that plastered their souls with fat ridden platelets. With the force of Thor's hammer, the speed of Achilles wings, and the strength of Snuffalufagus trunk, the macaroni salad throws a devastating punch that no one has seen since Mario Party 3. This plate is boss.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,8/6/2013,80,59,,6,1>I like you Han Noodle Bar.You're cheap, and delicious. These are two of my favorite things. I have tried a bunch of the appetizers and enjoyed all of them. The buns are awesome! I have tried both the chicken and mushroom ones. I also really like the fried tofu, and the spring rolls. Pretty much every time I come here I get the lo mien. I generally would be a little more adventurous with my tastes, but it's just so good. I hate crappy take out lo mien generally, so the fact that this one is good makes me happy. I always ask for them to make it spicy and it adds a lot more flavor to the dish. Also the server is always very nice and helpful.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,8/5/2013,76,266,3,8,4>Rosie's - everyone seems to either love them or hate them. After 2 take out trips and 1 dine in experience, I am definitely in the love camp. In order to avoid hitting the character limit for reviews, let's go through this by category:Hot Buns ($4) - I have tried the beef and sesame (tofu) variations. The bun is a cross between a ciabatta and hamburger bun with butter on top to soften it a touch. They both come with crunchy cucumber. The beef one was full of meat and was assertively well seasoned (without being spicy IMO). The sesame one had a creamy sauce with ginger notes paired with crispy tofu. Winner: This is a straight up tie. But if it is your first time, I suggest the beef hot bun as tofu may not be everyone's cup of tea. Try to eat this one at Rosie's as the bun gets soggy if it sits wrapped in foil for long.Spice Rolls ($4): I sampled the chicken and the beef rolls. The roll itself is an Indian flatbread- imagine layers of buttery and flaky goodness. The sweet chili sauce and over abundance of caramelized onions overtook the neutrality of chicken breast and made the chicken roll too sweet. The beef (brisket) was much better - it was a little spicy and worked with the onions.Winner: Beef spice roll. Seriously. Just stop thinking about it. Beef spice roll. Get the chicken one on your 2nd visit.Corn Pocket ($4): I only tried the beef. The corn pocket is my least favourite. It is a deep fried corn fritter shell with the filling of your choosing. The fried ball just overwhelmed the filling. It was sort of bland. I had to put some hot sauce on this one to eat it. This may have been an anomaly since every other review seems to mention this was the best.Winner: Your weighing scale since you probably gained a pound after eating this but you are not sure it was worth it.Cookie ($2) - They have only featured the chocolate pistachio. These seem to be available post lunch. I got to try one today. In 2 words - holy shit. These are good. Soft, chewy, thick, so chocolatey with a hint of pistachio. They need to put some ice cream in between these babies and make a sandwich.Winner: We shall see after they roll out that chocolate airliner cookie with ginger spread. Also, $2 for a cookie is kind of steep.I got a chance to chat a little with Chris (I believe he is one of the 2 owners - Caleb being the other one). They seem to be trying really hard to stay open during posted hours. They would like to eventually start a delivery service. He told me they are working on perfecting the daily specials and hope to roll them out one at a time. I sincerely applaud their dedication to making a dish stellar before selling it. He mentioned their meats are cooked for 72 hours so when they run out, they can't make more immediately. While the 72 hour cook time is probably why the meat was so amazingly tender (whether it was chicken, beef or even pork as per a friend), telling a customer they have to wait 3 days to try something may not go over well. I hope they figure out a happy compromise. Their biggest flaw (as everyone knows) is randomly closing during their posted business hours without any notice. I mitigated this risk by calling first. I must be lucky because they were open every time I called. Now, should you have to call before going to a restaurant every time? No. That's annoying as hell. So, they really have to fix this ASAP. If they don't, sadly I don't see the lasting long :(In addition to being open more consistently, I also would suggest they include some kind of side when you get 2 or more buns. Otherwise, it just feels like a couple of disjointed snacks. Maybe add a salad topped with that amazing brisket so I don't always have to eat that many calories on my visits? This may be a personal taste thing but the caramelized onions need to be cut back a little more. My last visit contained less caramelized onions than my first one so they must be reacting to feedback on this.Last but not least, I just noticed they have added cold brewed coffee (before that, it was just bottled water or cane sugar sweetened sodas). You know when coffee and buns are good together? For breakfast or brunch. Think about it, Rosie's!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/4/2013,44,2,4,5,2>One of my favorite Diners in town. The staff is awesome and has their way about doing things that as you become a patron will learn. For example if you have been waiting for coffee and it hasn't come, don't feel at all uncomfortable just getting up and getting it yourself, that is completely acceptable here. Sue the young lady that runs it tells it how it is and aims to please. Most of the menu is what you would expect from a standard diner. But there is a little section on the back labelled Korean Dishes.... this is the menu you should be ordering from!! My favorite is the Beef Bulgogi it is incredible. They have this asian BBQ Sauce that i can't get enough of it is perfectly sweet and spicy.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,8/3/2013,113,212,,3,3>Never thought I would review a yoga joint, but here I am. Seeing that it was my first time doing yoga, I have no other basis for comparison. So keep this in mind.Tru Yoga is located in South Wedge, slightly off the beaten path on Gregory Street near Peppa Pot. It seems like a safe residential neighborhood with street parking available. The yoga studio is a 600 square foot single story space. Seemingly well-maintained and clean.I did a "drop in" class for $14. It was the Gentle/Restorative class with Ijlal. A friend suggested that it would be a good place to start and she was right. From a newbie perspective, I found the class and environment very non-intimidating. It may have helped that there were only 4 other people in the class. Ijlal, the instructor, was very sweet and supportive.Overall a great introduction to yoga. I'll probably be back for a beginner class if my Monday schedule allows me to.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,8/2/2013,16,18,,3,3>I have been to this salon twice so far and have been very satisfied both times. They welcome walk-ins and appointments and are very accommodating. I pleasantly sipped tea as I was having my hair cut and enjoyed the overall atmosphere.After my first visit I received a phone call from my stylist, Hayley (whose name I may have spelled incorrectly), asking me if I was satisfied with my cut, which I was! About six weeks later I received another phone call reminding me that I'm up for a trim, which was appreciated. Their customer service is excellent. Additionally, their prices are great!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,8/1/2013,29,63,,2,2>I came here the first week it opened late on their first day of brunch service. It was not a smooth dining experience. There were a few issues with both the food and the wait time. However, the service surrounding the issues was good. They were not defensive about the problems--they were apologetic and tried to solve the problems, and gave us some champagne as well. Then in the end when they ran my credit card, they had reduced the bill significantly and asked us to give them another chance. And because of their service, I decided I would do just that.I went in for brunch again yesterday and The Revelry was redeemed! The service was great. But more importantly, the food was amazing. I had the chicken and waffles and it was like heaven in my mouth. The fried chicken was 3 drumsticks. Most of the time when I order fried chicken at a sit-down restaurant it ends up being a boneless chicken breast. I was so pleased to see the drumsticks arrive--and then when I ate them I was even more impressed. The breading had a great deal of flavor from different spices and just a hint of sweet maple syrup glazing the outside. The meat was incredibly moist and tender. The waffle was soft and flavorful, with just the right amount of syrup.My friend ordered a burger cooked rare. And it was actually cooked rare! I had a bite and it was fabulous.We also had a side order of bacon and of donuts. (Which go very well together) The bacon was fatty and crispy and flavorful. The donuts were covered in cinnamon sugar and fatty and fluffy at the same time.My friend had a Ginger Fizz cocktail which was attractive and tasty. The service was really over-the-top friendly. We couldn't decide if it is always like that or if they just remembered us from last time when we had a not-so-good experience. But I think it's just Southern hospitality.One thing I wish they would work on is the acoustics in the upstairs dining rooms. It's very hard to hear one's dining companions or even the server when there are others in the room having boisterous conversation.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,7/31/2013,164,83,5,6,4>This is my favorite take out place here in Rochester. Not going to lie, it's hood, but good places have the best food. Well usually. I like the owner, haven't asked his name yet, but he knows my order! I can tell him exactly how I like my food, and it comes out that way. That's really important to me. For example, I like my chicken dishes (sesame, general tso, orange) to be lightly fried and very lightly sauced. This allows me to taste complexity of the dish while enjoying its individual components. He makes it perfect every time. The menu is the typical western New York Chinese fast food take out menu, the yellow fried rice, the same quick orders at the top. All are things that I don't understand. Are all these places owned by the same owner? What is with the "one size fit all" approach to Chinese take out?Everything that's going on in the kitchen is visible to the dining room. So...try not to stare like I do. I'm working on it! That's only because the seats are those bench-table thingies that I have to squeeze into, so I don't bother.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,7/30/2013,8,16,2,5,4>This place is Pho-Real :)Most authentic place I know, and I really enjoy the Pho.Plus it's always fun to eat in the ghetto.I try to get here a couple times a year to get my Vietnamese food fix.Qualifies for a true "Adventure Eating" spot for those seeking something new and different.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,7/29/2013,8,28,,2,2>CB's is a cool little brewery just off W Main St in Honeoye Falls, just a few miles from Mendon Ponds Park. I discovered CB's through Tap & Mallet when on a whim I ordered a CB's cask ale that turned out to be one of the better beers I've tried. Once I realized how close we were to the brewery, I figured a visit was definitely in order. My boyfriend and I split a tasting - 6 3.5 oz beer tasting samples & a tasting glass for only $6 (or $4 without the glass), and buying the tasting gets you $2 off a growler, which is pretty sweet. The bartenders were awesome, super nice and very knowledgeable and helped to advise us on some good choices for our palates. I think there were about 25-30 beers on tap for tasting. I'm not a huge beer drinker so he helped me try a variety of some less hoppy beers that were more to my liking, including an unfiltered rye, a light wheat beer, and a maibock.  The beers we tasted were really good and we ended up leaving with a growler of hefeweizen for about $11. CB's offers tours which I believe are about 25 minutes. We skipped this time, but maybe in the future we'll check it out. If you're looking for a snack, there is also a little gift shop with assorted snacks like chips and porter caramels and a small sit-down restaurant with your average pub fare. Cool place for some tasty beer, and very much worth the short drive from Rochester.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,7/28/2013,39,86,2,10,3>Tips from a mom, professional nanny and photographer-Best season pass value = "family + guest" pass. The guest doesn't have to be additional child or family member- it can be the person (grandma or caregiver?) bringing them! Never a problem! Pick up a map! It's easy to overlook several areas that are a little out of the way!As a seasoned MOP veteran I recommend lunch before 11:30am or after 1:30pm to avoid the cafateria chaos. Check-in/admission is not required if you decide to head in for lunch first. Outside food is only allowed if you are buying as well. The playground across the way is a terrific place for a picnic lunch if you rather bring!It's always a good idea to write your phone number on the sticker they give your kids to wear at admission in case they get lost! Just ask for a pen :) The butterfly exhibit is worth the $4 and great for all ages. There are beautiful collections of old toys upstairs. Every Barbie in existence and gorgeous dollhouses as well as vintage, antique & international toys behind glass. Better to see early on before the kiddos are too wound up to appreciate! There are several (at least 3) family rooms (comfy chairs, books and quiet toys for older kids) where you can breastfeed in peace.Best place to take a family photo is under the glass dome halfway through the first floor, in the butterfly garden or at the carousel. The lighting is horrid most everywhere else! Best bathroom is just past the grocery store to your right, post office to your left and turn left by the little stage & keyboard. All the way back and at your left are two lockable family bathrooms. Great for when you are the only adult with small kids and need to go yourself! There is also a shortcut back door at your right there that will lead you to the back end of the museum more quickly.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,8/22/2014,62,103,6,6,3>When I first moved to New York State, I was excited to have access to the world's best pizza. Little did I know that Rochester doesn't really have the same pizza as the Big Apple. Joe's is definitely the best New York City-style pizza that I have had in this area. Sold by the slice, Joe's pie lives up to it's Brooklyn nomenclature. Not the half-cooked, doughy, thick crust that so many Rochester pizza joints make, but rather the thin, wide, crisp pizza that you can get in the city. They also have authentic favorites like chicken wings and garlic knots. Their knots are probably the best I've had anywhere. Do yourself a favor and check out what is possibly the best pizza in Rochester.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,8/21/2014,60,62,3,8,7>I am absolutely enthusiastic about Veritas.  Every time I go, I am excited about the selection and even more excited about the amazing service and great deals.  Their Happy Hour is unbeatable.  Who can go wrong with buy one get one??  That's insanity.  I always feel just a little guilty about just getting a free glass of wine so I splurge and get some treats, too.  We have gotten the cheese plate, the curry yogurt dip and chips, the chocolates and the macarons.  I was really happy with all of them, and the service is always 5 star.  The owner is passionate, friendly, knowledgeable, helpful, and he remembers us when we come in.  I am bringing all of my work friends there tomorrow to enjoy all of this deliciousness and spread the Veritas love, because when something is this good, everyone should know about it.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,8/20/2014,27,39,1,7,6>I've been coming here regularly since it opened. They have a fantastic menu with some interesting choices. Some of my favorite menu items:Thick curly fries. No one has these and they are awesome. Duck bacon, tastes amazing. The bread the burgers come on is really flavorful. Even the dessert is great with a gigantic fishbowl ice cream sundae. I'm not much of a drinker but they have an amazing wine list if that's your thing. The atmosphere is great with high booths for privacy and fantastic outdoor seating on park ave. They even have bingo on Wednesday nights which is super fun. Jason the owner is courteous and accommodating. My softball team is sponsored by this Resturant bar and I came in tonight and asked him if I could get my volleyball team sponsored by him and he didn't hesitate to accept and give us drink specials for our team. Every small business should take some notes from this establishment. I expect them to be here for a long time.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,8/19/2014,58,53,2,6,3>Got my Man Van an exterior cleaning. Very nice bunch of people, and a great job done on the vehicle.Seriously considering the ceramic coating. while expensive, seems like it'll keep the vehicle clean of grime/dust and even scratches and save a lot of trouble in the long run.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,8/18/2014,13,28,,7,4>Cute boutique! Have driven by a ton but finally decided to check it out. Had thought it was a consignment shop but maybe it had been previously? Current selection is great! Lots of Martha's Vineyard, Olive and Oak among others. Great selection of basics to wear to work clothing. Got a cute dress 40% off (sales are final sale). Most dresses $60-$125. Will definitely go back to check their fall selection.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,8/17/2014,59,211,3,7,5>This is my favorite ice cream place in Rochester.It's small, and the choices are limited, but I think that's part of their success. They make really, really, good ice cream. They change the flavors with the seasons, and offer tastes for you to figure out what you want.I first fell in love with their salted caramel, which is still my favorite, but their strawberry ice cream, and their strawberry rhubarb sorbet, are my summer favorite.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,8/16/2014,145,407,4,5,3>What do you want from ice cream? Creamy texture, yes ,very smooth and lush, in what some foodies might describe as a sensuous 'mouth-feel."Flavor, yes dense with flavor, and the textures of the chips, fruits, cake, or cookies in certain flavors (or the toppings) contribute to the enjoyment.Choices, yes they have a good selection of classics, and some tasty alternatives, and some flavors that could be seen as adventurous, from which to choose.Service , yes, they have always ben friendly and seem to encourage sampling. The place is always clean and tidy, which can be a task when children (and adults) are your customer base.Cheap, no not cheap, but sometimes in life paying a little more does result in getting something better. It is really more of a special treat, or an indulgence, than simply a serving of some cold desert from a box in your freezer.Definitely a great location to enjoy your choices while you sit along the canal, or stroll through the village.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,8/15/2014,81,61,2,5,3>Very impressed with this new yogurt place in Irondequoit. A wide variety of delicious yogurt flavors. They have around 10 to 14 flavors and each yogurt machine has a "combo" option which gives you a combination of the two flavors for that machine. Mostly all the flavors I've tried have been very good. They have a huge variety of toppings ranging from all kinds of nuts and chocolates to fruits along with sauces. Also have an option of buying a cup with a waffle or a cookie base. Plenty of seating which is comfortable. Single well equipped restroom. Prices comparable with other frozen yogurt places. Parking is not a problem at all. The yogurt here is more flavorful and creamier than any other around Rochester. I had Yotality again after I had YoBerry and was very disappointed with the watered down flavor though I kinda liked Yotality before. Ignorance is bliss. I'm not sure how much (if so) extra calories YoBerry yogurts have since they are creamier but I have chosen to ignore the calorie content (with frozen yogurt and everything else that I eat ever). Sign up for their free rewards program to get 8 ounces of yogurt free for every $40 you spend. Use your phone number to register, accrue and redeem. No need to carry a card.My go to frozen yogurt place now. Yotality and Yolickity need to step up their game.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,8/14/2014,21,42,2,7,3>This place was so close to 5 stars, but their prices are just a little too high to get me to give them that last one. That being said, Thimble is great for both tailoring and dry cleaning. I've brought multiple suits in here to be tailored (both jackets and pants) and have always been very happy with the results. The fit is always exactly right and they're professional, timely and always very accommodating. Their dry cleaning services are just as good as their tailoring. I brought in a light suit and white dress shirt that had been doused with a lot of red wine at a recent wedding. When I got it back just 4 days later, the suit and shirt looked like new. I was shocked that they had been able to do it. I will without a doubt be using their services for the long term. Even though their prices are a little high, the service and quality are well worth it!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,8/13/2014,78,50,4,10,6>Balsam Bagels is THE BEST spot for bagels, breakfast on the go, lunch, takeout!  It's family owned and operated and the staff is by far the friendliest I've interacted with.  Being a vegetarian, they have plenty of options for me, including vegan cream cheeses.  Their soups are delicious and always rotating.  When I need to bring something to family events, I bring bagels from Balsam.  They have unique flavors of bagels and cream cheese. My favorite bagels are the salsa jalapeno bagel and rosemary olive.  I'm a big fan of the vegan chipotle cream cheese.  And also their lentil salad as a side. I could go on for days with all of the things I love about Balsam, but I'll leave it at that and simply say it's a place you could go every day of the week and always find something new to eat and enjoy.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,11/10/2014,6,19,2,8,5>This is the best Jewish Deli and Bakery outside of NYC. We are truly blessed to have such an establishment in Rochester.  I was introduced to lox and a schmear years ago when I worked near North Miami Beach and was a frequent customer of Mo's Bagels. Mo's clientele were mostly Jewish and the owner raved about their pastrami. Brownstein's bagels are the chewiest I ever had and my daughter on returning home to Tennessee insists on bringing back a couple of dozen bagels. The kosher meats are really great. I love their tongue sandwiches when they are available. The everything bagel with lox and cream cheese is a religious experience.  Kudos to the owner who is one of the friendliest people I have ever met.  I would rate this place ten stars if I could.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2014,11/9/2014,8,46,2,5,2>The Good: A few unique dishes and presentation that feels more like New York than Rochester.The Bad: The prices are a little bit higher than the competition, though are worth it.Times Gone: 6I Usually Order: Amaya Chicken, it's served out of a coconut. I figured if they named the restaurant after the dish it had to be good (and was right).
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/8/2014,44,33,4,4,5>Fresh Spring Rolls, to me and Mamasan's, actually mean the fresh and springy kind (Rice paper, shrimp, bean sprout, basil, side of addictive peanut sauce). Not the fried, oily vegetable kind (although fried and not oily is also a menu option). Finding a restaurant that understands a good spring roll, finding...my RollMate, if you will...in Mamasan's, makes life (and my belly) more full...it makes me want Mamasan's to meet my family (who I've recently learned sometimes hang with Mamasan's without me!). They usually get the sweet, zesty, and colorful Pineapple Chicken Rice Dish, with coveted green beans and pineapple chunks. I swear by the Thai Curry Chicken Rice Dish, which is curry and peanuty, smoothed out with coconut milk, and accented with broccoli and fried onions, and topped with a peanut sprinkle. (Amazing leftovers). Sometimes I order the Young Coconut drink, picking up and eating the chunks of fresh coconut out of my glass with a straw. But they also provide water on the table, if you don't want to play with your drink order.Mamasan's makes me want it to be closer to my work so we could see each other during the day...(bring back Mamasan's Express, please)! For now, I'll cherish our dinners together. The spa-like interior, with arty furniture and low lighting will instantly bring you into zen-and-eat mode. I know I'm one of the lucky ones, but it would be selfish to keep my RollMate all to myself.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2014,11/7/2014,96,135,5,3,4>Whenever I'm feeling take out, han noodle bar comes to the rescue. Whenever I'm feeling sick, I order the house special broth noodles. Whenever I'm feeling a little homesick, I order in some comfort food from han noodle bar. Basically han noodle bar is the answer to "what do you want to get tonight?"I love coming to han noodle bar because it feels like the healthier and more authentic version of a Chinese take out place. You can always tell how good an Asian restaurant is by the number of Asian people actually there! Their food is consistently great, and they do the classics justice (chicken and veggies and beef ho fen). And did I forget to mention how extremely reasonably priced they are?! Dinner for 2 for 20? I'll take that! I particularly love their buns, with pork belly or spicy chicken. They are also conveniently located next to a parking lot shared with dog town and right across from Starbucks. I'm lucky I live so close by, because I get to come here all the time! Oh, and they're BYOB.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,11/6/2014,60,62,3,8,7>Rocco makes for the absolute perfect date night.  Everything is spectacular from beginning to end, including service, food, presentation, and ambiance.  I am completely head over heels with this place, and someday when I'm rich, I'm going to come here every month.  Until then, $100+ dinners are out of my price range on the regular, but this will be my go to fancy night out from now on.  Let's start with the service.  Friendly.  Helpful.  Knowledgeable.  Approachable.  Attentive. Perfect.  Mark is everything that you want in a server.  He knows all of the special little touches that take the experience from a typical night out to something worth remembering.Drinks.  I ordered the special of the night, which was amazing. I can't give you any more details than that because I'm a jerk, but let me tell you, you should get it.  Dude ordered his typical Manhattan and loved every drop, which on its own is no small feat.  The food. OH MY GOD THE FOOD.  We ordered the burrata. For Pete's sake. Order the burrata.  It is absolutely what made the meal.  I can't even explain how amazing it is.  We also ordered special salad; fresh mozzarella and asparagus.  It was incredible.  It is probably the best fresh mozzarella that I have ever had in my life and I eat my fair share of cheese. At that point, I was pretty stuffed. I truly didn't need to order and entree, and next time I might skip it all together and fill all of my empty stomach space with BURRATA.  I did get the pasta with eggplant and it was great.  I mean. Nothing next to the burrata, but that is a huge bar to climb over.  The man ordered some kind of steak that I didn't pay attention to, ya know, cause of the meat thing, but he was the happiest I have seen him in quite some time. We chose not to have dessert, but instead a nice limoncello.  I was much too full to fit more food into me and I kind of regret that decision.  Next time, because there will most certainly be a next time.  Our anniversary is coming up.  This calls for celebration and from this day forward, celebration and Rocco are synonymous.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,11/5/2014,9,65,4,4,4>I looked up best pizza in Rochester to see if I could find something new for me and my kid. We wound up here. Really nice surprise. First of all, Joe is an older dude walking around the place himself and once you hear him talk you'll know he's from Brooklyn. They have a bunch of pre-made pizzas out for slices that they pop back in the over as  ordered. Or you could order a pie that they will bring out and set up on a stand, which somehow felt nostalgic. We got 3 slices; the kid got cheese, I got pepperoni (smaller, more expensive gourmet pepperoni I"m pretty sure). We also got talked into another one by the kid behind the counter who said it's his fave. It was a hot dog pizza. They cut up a kosher dog spread it over a pizza crust with cheese and caramelized onions (no pizza sauce). The crust acts like a bun and it comes together pretty well. They serve it with ketchup, mustard and relish. It won't satisfy your pizza craving but it's a tasty treat.The wings are not good. End of story. Stick with the pizza, which is thin crust and really crispy. The place is small and very warm from the ovens but there are a few tables.CHALLENGEOh yes, they do have a challenge. And this isn't some lame wannabe challenge I've seen at other local joints where everyone wins. Oh no. This is an "if you can eat this whole thing Joe will pay for it" challenge. At least, I think it's on the house.2 big RIT students went at it whilst I was there. Here's the deal...2 people take down a thick crust, 8-lb. pizza covered with bacon, pepperoni, cheese, meatballs and sausage in one hour. Just 4 measly slices each.I wish I had the time to describe watching this event properly but I don't. Joe was calling out the times, checking up on them. He made a big announcement to the restaurant when it started. These guys ate their first two pieces in 15 min. Then they slowed down. We actually stayed to watch b/c I had to know if they'd do it. They didn't. Wall of shame for them. If you win, I THINK the pizza is free. Also, you win 2 $20 gift cards and most importantly, you each get a T Shirt and your name on the wall of fame. It was a lot of fun. I don't think many people have won this challenge.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/4/2014,57,25,1,5,5>New restaurant in Bushnell's Basin owned by the same people who owns the Revelry. It was pretty busy for a Monday night, even for a later dinner at 8pm. The vibe was a young professional, mature but still trendy, yet intimate setting. Since we had to wait a bit, we went over to the bar to try some cocktails. I got a Milan Mule, which was pretty good. The octopus appetizer we got was the star of the night. I had my reservations of getting octopus at a new restaurant, since it can get pretty rubbery if not done right. Glad I got it though, because it was tender, wonderfully juicy and piping hot. Best of all, topped with some pea tendrils. For the entree I got the Branzino in a "crazy water broth". I was craving fish and craving crazy, so why not! Again, the dish came out piping hot. The skin on the Branzino was perfectly crispy and on point. My friend had the gnocchi, which was decent. But I've never been a fan of gnocchi (too starchy for me) so I can't comment. For dessert we had a panna cotta with some berry sauce on top in a cute little mason jar. Pretty great end to a great night!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,11/3/2014,13,28,1,4,6>Currently sitting at the "bar" portion of Press...I am immediately thrilled with this place. Its a great location- corner shop with outdoor tables and a surprising amount of indoor space. The menu is large! I can't wait to comeback and try the cafe miel- Batista says tastes like a sugar cookie (coffee with honey vanilla and cinnamon). Fresh brewed cold coffee too- none of that hot pour over ice fake iced coffee. Also offer baked good made in house that looked phenomenal. Another customer was eating a delicious looking personal size quiche when I walked in. Ah love it! And live music at night.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,11/2/2014,145,407,3,5,4>Locally owned  auto parts supply store with knowledgeable people working behind the counter. They have always hand whatever odd or end thing I was looking for in stock and are quick and reasonably priced. Nice also that they don't seem to mind the occasional question about something unusual.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,11/1/2014,27,39,1,7,4>Great little pub. And I do emphasize that it is little. Great outdoor seating. Prices are standard park ave prices. The clientele is mostly park ave princesses and bros. You can order food from mozzeroni's across the street which is just ok food but its better than nothing. The only negatives and the reason this bar gets 4 stars rather than 5 is that there's only one single use bathroom and the place closes at 10:30 outdoor because of the noise ordinance. Its annoying I give it 4 stars because of things they can't control but its the only thing from making it a perfect 5 star bar.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,6/13/2014,54,98,,6,3>Aaaaaaaaaaand..... We have a new pizza place. They are awesome. We got the thin crust. Robust flavorful sauce. Perfect cheese, crust, and toppings. Friendly people. Rockstar low prices. Boom.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,6/12/2014,134,403,4,9,7>Another Yelper told me to go to Valissa for my brows. As others have mentioned, she's AWESOME. I've been to her a few times now and even got a facial today. Not only is she knowledgeable, friendly, has later appointment hours and- effervescent skin. Because... let's face it, who wants to go to pizza face...... too soon?Any way- they use Dermalogica as their skin care line, which I'm into. They also don't try to upsell you too much but will give you samples. Customer service here is pretty fab. They always offer you a drink and make sure you a comfortable.I think Valissa is amazing for brows ($17) but the spa is a little spendy. They are always doing promotions and have student/teacher discounts on Tuesdays (20% off).
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,6/11/2014,28,102,,5,2>Ah the Seneca Park Zoo. Not the biggest zoo you've ever been to and maybe not the nicest either. That's not to say that its the best damn little zoo you'll find in a city of around a million people though!! What makes this Zoo so near and dear to the denizens of our fine city though? Well there are the basics of coarse. It's clean, they have times you go and watch the animals get fed, there is a wide variety of animals to see and the animals seem to have a reasonable amount of space. Of coarse we'd all like the animals to have as much space as possible but I've definitely seen more animals crammed into smaller spaces. Also the spaces for the animals seem to be designed FOR the animals, so that they enjoy and can interact with their space. I remember seeing polar bears in another zoo that had nothing to play with and their environment was just an outdoor cement cell. Our's has toys and waterfalls and a pond and it kinda sorta looks like it could be the arctic!OK so that's some of the base stuff, that's 3 star stuff and the SPZ is a sollid four stars. The difference is that the SPZ goes above and beyond to make the zoo relevant for all ages! They Zoo Brews at a variety of times of the year and they may have gotten the idea from another zoo but it's still a great idea! Go hang out with friends, maybe meet some body, have a few drinks, see some animals and maybe learn something. There are other similar events held here like Charity fundraisers which are a blast. They even host weddings!Next time you have a down day and your wondering what to do with it, what to go see. Go to the zoo!!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,6/10/2014,62,103,3,9,5>Thank you, Mr. Brown. Your "Place" is definitely AWESOME. It is a little sketchy on the outside, definitely rough on the inside, and the staff can seem a little ticked off at times (especially the line cooks). But who really cares??? I loved it. It's the quintessential East Coast greasy spoon.There are few places in Rochester with this much character and energy. The dining room has seen better days, and there's a smoky haze in the air coming from the well-seasoned grill in the kitchen area. During my visit on a Sunday morning, the joint was PACKED with a line out the door into the freezing cold. Stick it out though, as it's totally worth the wait. Sitting at the counter, we watched as plate after plate of freshly cracked eggs, home fries, French toast, etc, were made-to-order. The menu is pretty impressive with even a few Southern and Mexican inspired options thrown in to add to the splendid chaos. I ordered a Steak Torta, which is a breakfast sandwich with adobo steak, jalapeños, eggs and cheese. It wasn't super spicy (like some adobo can be), but was full of rich flavors with just a slight kick from the peppers. My side of home fries were just like dad used to make down South, soft with a slight char and crispness that perfectly hit the spot. The menu rocks, the food is cheap (but excellent), the atmosphere is lively, and the owner walks around the restaurant just to check on folks. This may be my new favorite spot in Rochester!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,6/9/2014,13,48,4,6,6>Final days so if you missed it, you missed it! LoL.. The weather was really wierd today cold and hot at times, but hey that's Rochester for ya!Had a blast, I think the people watching was the best part of the day for me, although the fried calamari came in a very close second.  The flowers were in bloom and the cotton candy was fluffy.... YAY FOR COTTON CANDY!! Okay yeah, I'm a big kid when it comes to that stuff.  Best truck to hit for cotton candy is just outside the entrance to the festival on Highland Avenue...whispers "it's two dollars cheaper than all the trucks in the festival site".  Highlight of the day was actually two performances, one by Cammy Enaharo with her baritone ukulele (Barry) and the other by the Mosaic Foundation.Cammy Enaharo drew me in, I usually pass by the performance stage the acts are usually dated and well ... boring.  Her voice reminded me of a young Nina Simone, mixed with a little India Airie and just to throw in a bit of mystery a hint of Billie Holliday.  Her sound brings you to a place of conscience coolness as you sit back and just vibe with the young songstress.  In time I am sure we will hear great things from her.Mosaic Foundation brought the island sun to a chilly Rochester.  Hearing them brought you to the sunny shores of Jamaica.  Without that annoying lady trying to give you them Bo Derek braids.  I had more fun watching the audience dance along with each song. The food was good, great at times.  Really enjoyed all the varieties of fried things... who knew you could fry a snicker bar....NO I did not try it.  Sometimes you don't have to be hit by a car to know it's made of metal.  I do have one question for the 300 people waiting in line for "kettle corn" however.  Umm.. you know they make that for your microwave right?  And what do they put in that to make you want to stand in an epic length line to wait?  Really you can tell me because I really need to know.Enjoy.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,6/8/2014,60,62,5,6,5>I had to see what the hype was all about and I wasn't disappointed.  It's a nice atmosphere and a good location (pretty gutsy to open a coffee shop behind a coffee shop - i like it).  I ordered a Burundi Pour Over and it has a nice balance of flavors and it is the right price.  Pour is really cute inside, a bit industrial, a bit homey, and the music is perfect. An awesome selection at a good volume.  There was babies dancing ALL OVER THE PLACE.  I love babies and I love dancing, so this particular combination in conjunction with a solid cup of coffee is a winner in my book. Food smells great and the people eating seem to be pretty happy and I'm getting jealous/hungry as I sit idly by and type this review.  I'll definitely be back to try some of the other options and grab a bite.  With options that are slightly less expensive than Joe Bean and a more inviting feel, I think they're going to really give them a run for their money.  Dear Pour, If you're reading this, please make my (our) world a better place and get some brunch foods together so we can finally put an end to the Great Rochester Brunch Struggle!Love,Meghan
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2014,6/7/2014,63,111,2,10,7>This is really a 3.5 stars for me. After four people within a two week period individually asked me about Dogtown, I figured that I better visit because there must be something great about this restaurant.Yes, indeed, there is something undeniably special. There's a "Saturday afternoon energy" as people hustle in and out with their orders and having become a staple in the community, it attracts a little bit of everybody. There's a palpable ambiance in Dogtown and I suspect this is part of what keeps people coming back for more. During our visit I ordered a mushroom sandwich with a cup of veggie chili. Hubby got a plate and mom got a traditional beef hot. All were great and the prices are very reasonable.Can't wait to try again, maybe next time I'll be brave enough to try a veggie dog.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/6/2014,58,53,,6,2>First time there for lunch today. good eats.Had the braised pork belly on steamed buns for $4. 2 to an order. they're not as good as the ones that my mum makes, but i might be slightly biased. :-)Also had the wonton noodle (in broth). noodles were well done. crunchy/springy. both was tasty without being overpowering. wontons were good too.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,6/5/2014,59,211,1,8,6>This is where I go for Cheesecakes in Rochester. If I have a guest from out of town, this is where I take them for NY Style Cheesecake. But it's not just the cheesecakes, it's also their carrot cake, and their cupcakes. I feel their cupcakes are just the right size, not too big, not too small. They have these cookies called Jillian's Delights, get those too!If I want a sweet afternoon snack, stop here!They make all kinds of cheesecakes, and you can order by phone. Which makes it perfect when you want to bring some great stuff to a party.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,6/4/2014,15,21,5,7,4>Went for a quick bite last night with my girlfriend.   We sat outside on the patio ( it was cloudy but still nice enough to be outside).    Our waitresses were phenomenal.   Since we were the only ones outside you would think the service would be slow since they were taking care of indoor patrons ... These girls were very attentive and checked on us often.   We ordered the harvest salad ... ( to split)Field greens, thinly sliced apples, craisins ,  candied walnuts ,red onion and crumbly blue cheese with a poppy seed dressing (on the side)The portion was huge and it was one of the best salads I have eaten ( dieting would be easy if someone would make one of these for me everyday). We also ordered the margarita pizza.  Much different than a traditional margarita pizza.  This had melted mozzarella with chopped tomatoes , garlic and oil on top and drizzled with balsamic vinegar   The flavor was incredible .  It is not as crispy and thin as a brick oven pizza but the taste makes up for that. I so highly recommended these two dishes.  I would like to try some different items on the menu... But I know I'm already craving this pizza again Between the great service and even better food.. I will be back often.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,6/7/2013,6,5,,3,2>I had the smoked turkey Potino and the smoked chicken wings. The sandwich was the best I've had in a while and the red pepper aioli was a perfect compliment to the turkey, bacon, provolone and the awesome bakery roll. Wings were done perfectly with a great smoked flavor and a drizzle of blue cheese sauce all on a bed of celery and onions. Would have given Marty's Meats six stars if I could. Eat here!
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,6/6/2013,30,12,,4,2>I first heard of Thai Lao from a friend at a baby shower and I dragged my boyfriend to try it. If you're all about ambiance I'm going to say this is not the place for you as the decor is all over the place (random columns, fake palm trees, diner type tables and chairs). But if you really believe in trying good food, it's worth it to take a trip over. I have thus far tried the fresh shrimp spring rolls, Kao-phoon, chicken pho, chicken phat thai, shrimp phat thai, and a curry dish (I forgot the name).1) The spring rolls were fresh and the dipping sauces all had such good flavors. I do agree that they could've added a few more shrimps here and there but the overall taste was great.2) Kao-phoon - the chef will specially make it to your liking of spiciness. The levels are 1-4 and we got 3. The soup base is a little thicker and helps calm the spices. The noodles were perfectly cooked and the soup was delicious.3) Chicken pho had all the fresh ingredients to add into the broth and they brought out this 6 or so different sauces to add (everything from chili oil, fish oil, to soy sauce). The chef came out personally and gave us instructions and recommendations on what to add to fit our pallet. There was depth to this dish with really full flavors.4) Chicken phat thai and shrimp pho  had really nice sweet and spicy flavors and they were not drowning in peanuts. I have never had phat thai that had a more wet, saucier, texture but it was delicious. The chef added crab meat to the shrimp pho which was a pleasant surprise.5) The curry dish I ordered (with chicken) had the consistency of vegetable soup. It was spicy and creamy with chunks of chicken and vegetables. It comes with a plate of rice and I took spoonfuls of the curry and poured it right on my rice to sop up the flavors. This dish was the mildest we tried but it was good.I recommend a dine in experience because the chef greets you personally and I cannot guarantee this for you but he gave us complimentary egg rolls for being first time diners.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,6/5/2013,5,10,1,3,1>I went here for lunch a few weeks ago. We went on a recommendation from my boss. The parking is a little awkward, but not a big deal as it is in a random lot one house away.As we walked up to La Casa Restaurant, the name is correct--it's in an old house. The interior has been completely redone to make it make more sense as a restaurant. It has a nice big door with seating immediately to the left and right. There is an upper-level section on the left. I love the decor too. Very Mexican and Spanish. Lots of older reclaimed wood too.Had I not been on a work lunch, I would have had to try a Mojito from the bar. I'm pretty sure if you're a Mexican restaurant and you can't make a good Mojito--then I don't trust your worth in the kitchen either.The waiter was great. He kept up with us semi giving him a hard time and joking around with him. We started off with some sodas--I asked for a Coke and he said they only had RC Cola. So I asked what RC stood for just to be silly and the waiter said "Royal Crown." So then for the rest of the time, we kept asking for Royal Crown refills. It was hilarious. We also got some hand made guacamole. It's pretty cool because they make it right at your table. They make it chunky and not mushy which I love!  Because I came to the restaurant a few weeks ago, I don't remember what I ordered. I know they were tacos and they had pork and pineapple. They were pretty good although, I'm very sensitive to heat and spice, they were way too hot for me. A normal person would probably say they were mild in spice though.I will be back!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,6/4/2013,100,146,,1,1>The banh mi is fantastic here! The toasted baguette, the cilantro and peppers (etc) are a great marriage of flavors. My favorite is the curried beef but the chicken and pork are also quite tasty. I have yet to try the pho but that will be soon. It's a nice hole in the wall. At $5 per sandwich, you can't go wrong.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,6/3/2013,0,5,2,7,2>Just got back from seeing Star Trek in a newly remodeled theater at the Loews in Webster.  I remember going to this theater as a teenager when it was brand spanking new.  The years were not kind to it and I refused to go there for the past 10 years or so.  Well things have changed drastically!  Still under renovation but still worth checking it out, the theaters are complete.  The rest is coming together.   I'll give it 5 stars when the concession is up and running.  The chairs, the chairs, the chairs, that's what it's all about!  Super roomy and comfy.  Electric recline!  Cup holders galore.  You can even lift up the arm of your adjoining chair and snuggle up with your spouse, date, or some random stranger.  What's nice is if there is a random stranger next to you, your personal space does not feel violated.  No issues seeing the screen from anywhere and lots of legroom to run out to the restroom or concession stand for more goods.  No trampling friends or strangers on the way in and out.    The restrooms are pretty nice as well, incorporating automatic flushers, water, soap and those nice super fast Dyson hand dryers.The staff was pleasant.  We choose to skip the line and use the nice touch screen ticket kiosks.  The ticket price for a Thursday evening movie was 7.50, money well spent in my opinion. The current concession is still ok, we are a fan of the dispense your own butter option.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,6/2/2013,65,54,2,7,6>Abundance is the place to go for natural and organic foods in Rochester!  Admittedly, it's a little small, but this means you can get in and out rather quickly, instead of getting sucked in by a free sample and then spending the next ten minutes looking at all the cheeses of the world (I'm looking at you, Wegmans).  This is my main stop for the week's groceries, though I do go to Wegmans for specialty hummus and sea salt and caramel ice cream and to farmer's markets for my produce needs.In addition to the basic organic staples of packaged foods, frozen food, and produce, as Jeannine K. notes, they have an excellent selection of bulk foods.  This is a great way to be friendly to the environment and your wallet.  Bring a container from home, get its tare weight before you fill it, and then get cereal, beans, rice, peanut butter, dish soap, banana chips, curry cashews (YES!), or whatever else you'd like.  Another form of bulk they offer is bulk ordering.  So, if you walk in and notice an amazing sale on almond milk, you can go up to the service counter and order a case or five and stock up at a really great price.  Abundance is also a member-owned cooperative, so anyone can shop and take advantage of the sales and good deals on bulk, but, if you become a member, your purchases count towards the annual dividend rebate and you also can have a "make your own discount day" where you get 10% off all the non-sale items you buy that day (as S.B. mentions).
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,6/1/2013,13,48,1,6,1>FOUND IT!!!!! I finally found a bakery that gets cupcakes right!  None of that mile high frosting you end up scraping off.  None of that oooey gooey squishy piped in filling (that is just gross who thought up such a horrible thing?)  Baker Street is what a bakery used to be, fresh baked breads and pastries, made to order or just off the shelf.  I can't jog pass the door without stopping for a bear claw, muffin, strudel, or just for a bag of rolls.At home right now I have a half bag of rolls and a cherry strudel pastry....well half of one.  So I am off to finish it now.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/31/2013,80,59,,5,5>Dogtown is my favorite place to get garbage plates! Sorry diehard Nick Tahou's fans, but it's true I think Dogtown is better. This is the place I bring out of towners to introduce them to the famous rochestarian plate!The place is a little small, and doesn't have a lot of seats, so you might not always be able to eat there depending on how busy they are. They have dog pictures littering the walls. It's pretty adorable, and fun to look at while you eat. My favorite thing on their menu was always the veggie burger junkyard plate, but now that I'm back to eating meat it has definitely changed to the the sausage junkyard plate. I really enjoyed their Cajun sausage. It had just the right amount of spice. They also have lots of interesting toppings for your dog if that is the route you want to go. Some day I will have tried all of them. The side dishes are pretty amazing too. The home fries are super crispy and perfect. They might be the best home fries I have had so far. The sweet potato fries are pretty fantastic as well. Sweet, crunchy, and yummy. At Dogtown you can get a filling, delicious meal for under 10 dollars.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,5/30/2013,28,102,,5,4>Awesome! As always. The most delicious ice cream cones in Rochester. The ice cream is great too, but the cones are amazing, especially since the bottom is sealed with a little bit of Hedonist's house made milk chocolate! It makes the last bite perfect. I was walking by today, a little hot and I thought an ice cream cone would be perfect. I always try to get 2 flavors at Hedonist, and that is because they always have at least 4 or 5 flavors I want to try. Today I got Strawberry Margarita Sorbet and Vanilla. Holy wow, the sorbet had a fantastic taste, very fresh! While the margarita didn't come across accept maybe a hint of lime, it was all I hoped it would be. They kind of struck out on the vanilla though, I have had it several times and it's always been great. This time there was a weird texture in it/ to it. Kind of hard to describe, After each bite it felt like you had a bit of very fine grit in your mouth. Not very pleasant to me but maybe I just don't know good vanilla ice cream??While I would say skip the vanilla for a few weeks Hedonist is always worth a stop and though yes buying a half gallon of Wegmans ice cream is cheaper Ill say this. A) Hedonist is a local company and we should all try to support our communities. B) if you buy the half gallon of ice cream you know you'll probably eventually eat the whole half gallon. C) compared so abbots $5 is about what an ice cream cone cost now a days.Go on by tonight since we are enjoying such a nice weekend!!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,5/29/2013,12,8,,2,2>The food is quite good - standard pub fare mainly, but the Yard prides itself on its brick oven pizza and wings, which are consistently good.  I tend to stick with these, although have ordered other items and not been disappointed. Beer selection is decent, everyone can find something they like (always a few good IPA's on tap, and some local brews are represented).The ambience is kind of a pub/sports bar hybrid. They have a pool table, TV's, etc. so there is somewhat of a sports bar feel, but also have a fireplace and dim lighting, very pub-like.  Friday night is karaoke at 10pm and it can get packed, so if that's not your scene, best to avoid it at this time.They have separate parking after 5pm off Bittner street, which is helpful b/c on nights where Water St has shows, parking can be tight. I like to hit up the Yard before shows for a beer and bite to eat, it's an easy walk to Water St (where you'll be stuck ordering soggy pizza and over-priced Labatts).Overall, great place with great owners who support the community -- they let one of my young professional groups host a guest bar-tending night, all tips went to charity, and their staff was incredibly helpful.  They are also very open to hosting private events/happy hours if reserved in advance, and provide a great spread of appetizers.If you find yourself downtown, it's worth stopping in (again and again)...
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,8/26/2013,22,17,2,4,4>Parkleigh is the perfect place to find unique gifts for birthdays, holidays, or just because. I always end up picking up a little something for myself too. I love how they're always changing up the stock so you can find something new in each visit - from quirky kitchen utensils to jewelry to the always funny knock knock products.During the holidays they usually have a promotion where you get "bucks" for purchases that you can use the last few days of the month. I usually end up treating myself to the diverse selection of chocolates by moonstruck and hedonist. They often have seasonal flavors that are unexpected and made into such cute animals or shapes...they're impossible to resist.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,8/25/2013,10,7,1,3,2>I am giving it a 4 star because the food was excellent.  The service was good, but we waited nearly an hour to get out meals.  Others that came in after us served before us , yet we waited.We had teh special Hasenpfeffer and it was very good although the Rabbit serving was very small.Other around the table enjoyed the dinners.Good hearty German food.  Not sure there is such a thing as gourmet German cuisine.I will give it one more shot before I "werfen sie an den Straßenrand und nie mehr zurück."Das Essen war hervorragend
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,8/24/2013,50,223,5,8,2>I went to see Thor here (however long ago that was) and I thought I wouldn't ever come back.  But when a friend instagramed a picture of their new seating - I thought, I could go for that.And we did.  Thursday we went to see Star Trek Into Darkness (and loved it by the way!) and were fully impressed.When you pull into the lot the place looks closed as they are undergoing renovations.  BUT, when we went into the theater and they had leather (even if it's faux) seats that reclined, I was more than pleasantly surprised.  I was so comfortable, and I didn't have to sit squished next to some smelly old man (I'm not referring to my husband). It was great.  A great movie in comfort for only $10 per person.  My idea of a great night out!Please tell me they aren't going to raise their prices when they are finished with the renovations!   And lets hope they can keep the place clean.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,8/23/2013,10,14,1,7,2>Zemeta has gone into the space that once housed the vegetarian half of the Clinton/Goodman India House franchise.  It's a small, nicely appointed dining room (with a silent TV in one corner broadcasting memorably bizarre pictures of third-world skyscrapers).  The vegetarian sampler features about twelve different selections.  Though servings are medium-sized, the flavors are so complex and delicious and the injera so plentiful that you tend to get full quickly.  The beef dish we ordered was not as spectacularly good - reminiscent of chili.  Still, the flavors were wonderful and we had to pace ourselves to keep from eating too fast.Service is attentive and timely, and more prompt than is the tradition at many Ethiopian restaurants (maybe the leisurely pace is a cultural thing).  There are plenty of napkins, and silverware/plates for food if you ask, though we just went ahead and shared the central platter of injera.  At the end of the meal the server brought us plenty of take-home boxes loaded up with extra injera.There's currently no liquor licence but the owner promised that soon they'll be featuring tej, the honey wine native to this cuisine.  Takeout is available and there's a vegetarian buffet on weekends.Zemeta is a great new addition to Rochester and to the neighborhood!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,8/22/2013,49,92,1,5,3>I have been to Amitas four times now and have had nothing but a great experience.  You do usually have to wait, even if you make an appointment, because I've only ever seen Amita in there doing any of the threading. However, she's quick and efficient and gives my brows great shape.  Best place I've found for eyebrows in Rochester.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,8/21/2013,151,13,3,10,6>I stepped into Rocco Pellegrino's little corner of Marketview Heights for the first time today, and couldn't stop marveling at his sprawling, all-embracing, perfectly-priced collection of books. At first, it feels like you're in a little storefront shop, but the rooms keep going... and going... stretching all the way to the back of the converted house--and then there's an equally sized upstairs and some odds and ends in the unfinished basement!A book store can be made or broken by its owner, and Rocco is about as good as it gets: friendly (he made me a cup of tea), active (when I arrived, he was unloading four boxes of art theory, criticism, and philosophy books he had bought just the day before at the VSW Summer Sale), and hands-on (he gave me a great tour of the store but knew just when to stop and let me explore by myself).Small World's "official" fiction section is only moderately sized, but the house is densely packed with dozens of decently organized bookcases that take a little bit of extra work to sift through. Fiction titles range from dime store mysteries to Nobel-winning classics, and the non-fiction collection is especially strong in world history, religion, and art. I left with only two books--a collection of Lorrie Moore stories, and Truman Capote's "Music for Chameleons," both just $2.00 each--but could have spent hours combing through Rocco's impressive reserve of antique books, rare books, art prints, antiques, or kooky record collection.The store has a perfect ambiance. Just rickety and dusty enough to give you that cozy mom-and-pop used bookstore feel, but every room is airy, well-lit, and well-maintained. No weird smells or cobwebs to pick through, though if you're allergic to cats, be warned: Rocco has an adorable grey kitty named Sinbad who roams the store and likes to perch on stacks of Life Magazine by the window.Small World is in an odd part of town without a lot of foot traffic, but it's an easy bike ride or drive from anywhere downtown or in the Park Ave/NOTA/South Wedge area.Give Rocco a visit! He just may become your favorite bookseller in Rochester.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,8/20/2013,24,225,2,5,3>Yummy ice cream. A dizzying array of flavors of both hard and soft ice cream....death by chocolate and oh my cherry pie, both recommended. Be warned, the serving sizes are seriously ginormous---the "kiddie" cone would be a "large" at most establishments and the "large" is 5 very large scoops. Bring your cash, because they are cash only, although there is an ATM available inside. Crowded, but the lines run quickly. Perfect on a warm summer night.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,8/19/2013,5,10,1,5,4>I go here often for pedicures. I used to go to another place but in the past year they did some restructuring and increased their prices. NY Pro Nails prices are great!I love that they use hot stones and hot towels. They use a scrub on your legs and feet so don't shave your legs right before you go. I love that they use a pumice stone and another "cheese grater" type tool to get all the dead skin off of my feet. I play soccer 1-2 times a week and beach volley ball once a week--so I'm pretty tough on my feet. They always make my feet silky smooth. It depends on the technician, but they all give good massages.I like their color selection. A lot of trendy colors are available too.The time before last I was there, I got my first gel manicure. I choose the color (they even have colors with sparkles) from at least 50 choices. The technician did a really great job making sure that there were no hang nails or any extra pieces of skin around my nails. She was incredibly detailed and I loved it. I will go back again before my next wedding to get gel again!This last time I was there I asked them to remove my gel polish, which they did so while I was getting my pedicure done. I wasn't even charged for the removal!I'm hoping to convert all my friends to this place so we can get pedicures together!One thing to note, bring cash for a tip because they do not accept tips on credit cards.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,8/18/2013,38,4,3,8,3>I have to thank whoever told me to try Golden Fox!! It will be a new staple in my go-to places to eat in Rochester. Why cook when you can pay such reasonable prices for food made with love at this best kept secret? I can't wait to try their Greek foods on Wednesdays and Thursdays. I'll be back and I'll bring friends!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,8/17/2013,28,135,3,5,4>This is one of Rochester's hidden gems that I didn't discover until I moved to Irondequoit in 2006.  My favorite way to experience the trail is an early morning run or a family bike ride.  I like to start from the zoo and head north.  If you enter from the zoo, follow the zoo entrance drive along for less than half a mile, and an entrance to a concrete ramp with metal railings will appear on your left, marked at the entrance with posts to prevent motorized vehicles.  Turn left down the ramp and follow it down to a bridge over the Genesee.  The bridge is wide.  It is a great place to linger and take photographs.  It is especially spectacular in mid October when there is a rainbow of colors blanketing the trees along the shore. Continue on the end of the bridge and up the ramp to the other side.  Caution, if biking with little ones, they will probably struggle a bit coming up the ramp, but it is doable.  When you get to the top, turn right and head north along the path to Lake Ave.  There is a lookout about midway with a historical marker where an old fort once stood.  Continue up Lake past Kodak for another mile and a half.  You will pass Hanford's Landing cemetery and Saint Bernard's, a beautiful old stone building on your right.  You will continue on and pass the larger Holy Sepulchre and Riverside cemeteries.  Shortly after, there will be a sign on your right and a path leading back down to the Riverway trail.  Follow it about half mile or so as it winds around to the left and meanders through tree covered woods.  You may see deer in here.  The path then splits.  Follow the path to the right and descend down the hill until it flattens out again.  This is particularly fun on a bike.  Eventually the path dumps out at the base of the footbridge.  You can turn left up a steep hill to Turning Point Park, but stay on the path and follow the footbridge as it winds around to the left.  This area is particularly gorgeous in Spring and Fall, and peaceful anytime of year, especially at sunrise or sunset, and still relatively sparsely traveled in early morning hours, though it can get busier on nice days.  There are often swans and ducks and occasionally, if you're lucky, herons hanging out in the reeds looking for breakfast.  You may also see fish jumping or turtles coming to the surface.  The water here is usually calm and peaceful, and I have a mind to bring a kayak South from the Lake and just explore some day.  When the bridge ends  (it is 2/3 mile long!), follow the path back up through a lightly wooded area and you will see boats docked on your right.  Keep following the path along and under the O'Roarke  bridge to the boat dock at Charlotte Beach.  While not open early in the morning, there is a snack bar and restrooms here.  There are also two water fountains which are accessible 24 hours and, though not chilled, they are crucial finds in the middle of a long run.  Once you exit the dock area, you can just follow  River Street north to the beach.  If you are taking the trail later in the day, there is a Cheeburger Cheeburger in the Ferry Port building, which is a great casual spot  for dinner, or hit up California Rollin in the same building, or any of the Charlotte icons like the LDR char pit or Mr. Domenics on Lake Ave.  Grab an Abbots cone from the port building and walk out to the end of the pier, or just head over to Lake Ave and go South to Pattonwood.  Turn left to cross the bridge and follow Pattonwood about a mile to St. Paul.  Turn right on St. Paul and head back down to the zoo, about 4 miles to complete the loop.  Warning, it is a bit of an uphill climb the first mile along St. Paul from Pattonwood but it is fairly gentle, and eventually levels out.  Roughly 11 to 12 miles round trip from the zoo if you skip the side trips.Optional extenstions are to head left on St. Paul off Pattonwood to head down to Oly's for a beer (about a mile), or up Rock Beach (turn right off of St. Paul) to view some beautiful houses and beach bungalows.  Rock beach is about a mile long and dumps you out on to Lake Shore.  The truly adventurous could then turn left and explore the lake trail which will take you another two miles from Camp Eastman along the Lake Ontario shore between the beach and Durand Eastman Park and through the woods up to Culver and the Seabreeze area.  But most will probably have had enough by the time Rock Beach comes out on Lake Shore.  Turning right instead of left on Lake Shore will take you back to St. Paul and then just follow St. Paul left back to the zoo.    My favorite part of the trail by far is the wooden footbridge, and I will just never get enough of that panoramic view.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,4/7/2013,3,5,,4,2>My first time doing a hot pot kind of thing. Wow, it was great!I had heard about Yummy Garden Hot Pot from an Asian friend at work. He told me it was a great meal for a chilly day. Soooo, since this spring has been pretty cold, I went to Yummy Garden Hot Pot on a Saturday evening.The first thing to notice was all the large tables, filled with young folks with pots of steaming broth filled with all kinds of veggies and meats/seafood. The smell was amazing.As we sat down, the waitress came right over (took our drink order) then asked if this was our first time. Being how it was our first, she explained how to order. First, select a broth, then some proteins, more veggies, noodles etc.She told us that the vegetables and other food that came with the broth was pretty large in itself. There were mushrooms (enoki and a few others), a raw egg - still in the shell, a generous amount of napa cabbage, fried tofu cubes and fish balls.We ordered the seafood platter (assorted clams, mussels, fresh flounder that evening, shrimp, scallops. We also ordered a plate (~6) of pork dumplings and some noodles.The broths were great. The chicken broth had a delicious stock with bits of chicken, sesame seeds, scallions etc. I had the kimchee broth - umm, just the right amount of spiciness and a rich flavor. Not too tart, just right.After the pots arrive, we dug in - cooking everything in the boiling pots. Wow, delicious. And, as the dinner moves on, the broth becomes richer and more  flavorful. Just right for adding the noodles at the end of for a great noodle bowl wrap up!Oh yes, don't miss the fantastic dipping sauce bar. Take a few small bowls at mix to your hearts content. We made a very nice hot oil sauce, a tangy peanut sauce, an incredible sesame sauce and even a mellow soy combo.A few points -1) Our waitress was great. It is easy to order too much food and she guided us well!2) This is a pretty healthy meal. Nothing fried, the stock was not salty and all the vegetables fresh.3) Don't miss the sauce bar.4) The owner, Linda, came over and was very outgoing and friendly. She wanted to make sure we enjoyed our meal!5) Go with a few people - the more the merrier. That way you can order lots of different meats, seafood, veggies and noodle.6) The price for everything was real good!Last - the experience was both delicious and very much fun! Can't wait to go back!!!!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/6/2013,18,15,2,6,1>This is the best salon I have ever been to. I have been a regular since I was 16 (now 30). I've lived in NYC, Boston, San Francisco, Charleston SC, and have tried tooons of other salons. But this is the best of the best. It may be a bit more pricey than others, but it's worth the extra cost. The entire staff is incredibly accommodating and professional. The atmosphere is gorgeous. Reminds me of a classy Manhattan spa. My colorist is Katie. She works at the Pittsford and Webster locations. She has brought me from frumpy brown/red to gorgeous blonde and I can pull it off beautifully! She is very talented. Highly recommend!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,4/5/2013,28,135,3,3,4>I love Lento, especially the gorgeous tiled bar, and who doesn't love a raw bar? It seems a forgotten bastion of an earlier time.  I have been to Lento at least 4 times for Oyster night on Tuesdays,  and never leave with anything short of a huge smile on my face.  Oddly, yesterday the beer special was posted as $3.  I had two, but the charge on the bill was $5.56...hmm, not complaining though.  The oysters are from all over North America, and the selection varies every week.  It's a great opportunity to try different varieties.  A very nice touch, they label the different varieties on your plate so you know what you're eating.  The oysters are served with a decadent vinegar shallot concoction of some kind that is so good I fantasized about doing shots of it.  They are always expertly shucked too, so they slide nicely off the shell.  Beer and wine are served in nice glassware, as you'd expect of a quality establishment.  It's a bit disappointing to me how many places miss the mark on this important detail.  There is also a pretty deep arsenal of top shelf booze for those who appreciate a good drink, and bar service is swift and efficient.  Cheese plates are a nice start, and a cheap way to whet the appetite at just $4 at happy hour 5-7...always something interesting and local.  My wife had a sizeable lump of fresh feta served with two different types of toasted  bread, very good.The food is primarily locally sourced and organic where possible.  We did not have dinner on our most recent visit, but have rarely been disappointed.  The menu changes daily and is quite inventive.  I think prices are a tad high and portions can sometimes be underwhelming, but the quality is usually high.  The atmosphere is a bit more quiet and reserved than you'd find at say Tony D's, but it is a great place for conversation, plotting your next vacation, date night, or a special occasion.  Happy hour is my favorite time to visit...fifteen oysters and two Dogfish Head for about $20 on Tuesday...now you're talking my language.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/4/2013,6,5,,2,1>My family recently joined here as my wife canceled her RAC membership last month. So far, so good. We have two children and they don't charge extra to watch them. The place is very clean and welcoming. The staff are fine but the members make it. No issues here regarding "tough-guys" owning the gym and making you feel like you don't belong. Friendly, family people make up most of the members here and it shows. Great equipment, pool, sauna, indoor track, etc. My wife couldn't be happier and I am a fan.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,4/3/2013,1,16,,3,2>4 stars, as delivery/carry-out places go. :) Burgers here are great, and ask abt their choice of porato chips; they have "dirty chips," a crowd favorite.  Pizzas, obviously, are in great supply but of the 4 times I've been here now, I've yet to order pizza.  But they seem to do a brisk trade in that and chicken wings, too.  Also have subs, gyros, "Guyzones" (their ans. to calzones), wraps, quesadillas, salads, fish & chips (surprise!), and the obligatory knock-off "plates" that Rochester is known for.  Ambience is limited, as this is meant to be less a sit-down joint, but it is clean and well-kept as far as that goes.  This is a welcome addition to this corner of Henrietta for convenience and offerings.  Staff is friendly and attentive and wait time very reasonable.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,4/2/2013,26,17,,3,2>Love this place...one of Rochester's hidden gems. Open up the door to the hole in the wall on Clinton and convince yourself to sit down at one of the 4 tables in the restaurant. Orange Chicken, thats all you need to know. Dont even look at the menu, just say Orange Chicken. I crave this like a pregnant woman craves pickles. It is also BYOB for date nights!!!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/1/2013,2,4,,3,1>Walked in looking for protective glasses for Racquetball. Purchased a pair of WileyX digital wraps. My game improved immediately because with the wrap lenses and the digital improvement in clarity, I could see better. So happy with the new lens technology, I returned for a pair of Rudy Project wraps for running, biking, skiing etc. I see at least 30% better on the ski slopes and the wraps bend to the shape of your head, blocking out wind and UV rays.It is so nice to see better!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,3/31/2013,2,13,3,3,2>What's a very un-girly girl to do when struck by a sudden urge to do some major hair reconstruction?  Normally, this un-girly girl's answer would be to grab a box of dye and a box cutter and go to town, but in an inexplicably generous mood with myself this AM, I called Gallery and took the job to the pros.  Smartest decision i've made this year, hands down.Not only did they get me in for an appointment this afternoon, Angela somehow managed to listen to my very vague direction (Make it real bright and chop some of this stuff off over here; no mullet, please.) and produce EXACTLY what I wanted.  Seriously, dudes, I look hot.  She's got some magic.  She & the rest of the staff were super duper friendly and the salon has a very professional but laid back vibe.  No more box cutters for these locks;  I'm officially a convert.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,3/30/2013,66,620,,7,4>The Memorial Art Gallery should be high on your list if you're visiting Rochester. And even higher if you've lived here for many years and have just never been.I'm not going to tell you that you'll definitely fall in love with it because, let's be honest, museums really aren't for everyone, especially not art museums. But if you're a person who enjoys aesthetically pleasing things, appreciates history and has a contemplative side, you will definitely enjoy yourself here.My favorite way to enjoy the MAG is alone. When it's quiet. The building itself is an architectural masterpiece and reminds me of the light and ornamentation that abounds in the Gardner museum in Boston (awesome!). As you enter, you'll be met immediately by an indoor courtyard flooded with light, a greeting that instantly elicits feelings of tranquility. The museum has a permanent collection of which I'll never tire. Personal favorites are The Chimney Boy, a cherub-faced smoking boy of 8 or 9 whose rosy cheeks do little to mitigate the reality of his harsh life; paintings from the Civil War battlefronts and busts of Lincoln; a painting of Rochester's downtown over the Genesee River that looks strikingly like Ponte Vecchio in Florence; a tavern scene in the Dutch style upstairs; gorgeous white flowing laundry being wrung and hung in the countryside of Framce; a 1940s bar scene featuring a married couple and a woman whose stare is so vacant and detached you can't help but wonder what has made her so unhappy. The pieces here at the MAG have been carefully curated to take visitors on a journey through world and American history; through the history of rural and western NY; through the history of Rochester. Wandering through the silent and cavernous halls, I feel enveloped in something greater than me and my problems becomes diminutive - I feel like I am part of humanity and a bigger picture, and this is what you want to appreciate when you visit a museum. You want to gain a new view, a new slant, a new way of thinking about things. You want to reflect on the accomplishments of others who went before you and feel inspired to make your own mark on this world in some way.In addition to the permanent exhibit, the gallery always has seasonal changing exhibits that are intriguing and well worth the time. The gift shop is also a lovely little place. In short, this is a perfect place to go to get out of your head and be inspired. It's big enough to be impressive and small enough to savor each piece.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,3/29/2013,21,42,,4,2>This is a great, great place in Rochester.  The food quality, atmosphere, service, and drinks are consistently awesome, and I feel like I'm dining back in Brooklyn.  Their food is regularly changing to reflect seasonal produce which means you're always trying something new.  The cocktails are unique (peanut butter and jelly?!) and well mixed.  This is where I take all of my friends who are visiting Rochester and it never disappoints.  Heads up: it's shared plates, so if you're going, go with 4-6 people (with fewer, you can't try enough, and with more, it gets too tough to order/share) and make sure everyone has similar food tastes/restrictions.  The burger is huge and awesome; you should probably get it every time you go.  Also, plan to make a reservation at least 1 week in advance, unless you want to eat at 4:30 or 10pm.  Thursdays: bring your own wine with no corkage fee!Easily the best restaurant in Rochester.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,9/25/2013,4,13,2,5,3>I have always loved Americanized Chinese food, and then had the pleasure of recently visiting China several times and sampling a lot of the authentic cuisine. Back in Rochester it has always been a struggle to find the same flavors and textures that I fell in love with when I traveled there. A friend introduced me to this little place tucked away in a plaza across from MCC, and ever since it has been my go to place for Chinese food. It has several traditional dishes, prepared fast, with fresh ingredients, and some of the best prices around. I can't say it's perfectly authentic, but it's very close, and very delicious. The menu is stacked with variety. So if you are into trying new things, plan on repeat visits. They also have all the Americanized dishes and they are cooked to perfection, which is great for when I bring my parents or friends who just enjoy the typical dishes, like sesame chicken. The best items I have tried: Spicy Shredded Pork over Rice or the Sha Cha Beef.  I have eaten here well over 100 times and have had zero problems.Servers are always prompt and welcoming. This is a very comfortable restaurant. Very casual atmosphere.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,9/24/2013,37,139,1,8,4>Disclaimer: I drive all the way out here for the beer. Haven't really gone through the rest of the store.This is out in Webster, which is a good 20-30 min drive out on 104 for me. I usually come here about once a month when I can because Dave, the guy in charge of the beer, knows his stuff and is always willing to make suggestions and is extremely knowledgeable in the art and culture of beer. I always leave with a number of bottles, even when I'm only meaning to "look around." The beer aisle is right in the middle of the store, right ahead of the main entrance. Very strategically located. There are a few display stands of various featured beers. There is a fridge filled with fresh growlers from the local Rohrbach's and hoppy selections from Ithaca, Stone, Founders, and Ballast Point, which is located at the end of the aisle. As you walk down the aisle, the cooler has a large number of craft offerings from local NY breweries such as Custom Brewcrafters, Ithaca, Southern Tier, Middle Ages, Ommegang, Blue Point, etc... as well as beers from around the country: Bear Republic, Boulder, Ballast Point, Alesmith, Flying Dog, Founders, St. Somewhere, Great Divide, Samuel Smith's, etc. They occasionally have specialty releases such as Goose Island Bourbon County Stout, Ithaca Brute, New England Imperial Stout Trooper, and more. The other end of the aisle are your Belgian style beers from Unibroue, Ommegang, Trappistes Rochefort, Chimay, Delirium, Duchesse du Bourgogne, and Rodenbach.So the selection is wonderful, probably second to Beers of the World, but I will say that the beer at Hegedorn's is MUCH fresher than BOTW. I've seen stuff sit at BOTW for over a year past the best by date and it is still sold for original price, and these are beers that cannot be aged (IPA's, pale ales, etc), whereas the IPA's at Hegedorn's are usually fresh. There aren't too many crappy beer selections here, which certainly suits my taste. The prices are good, usually cheaper than BOTW. Probably one of the better beer places in the area. I would probably consider myself a regular here. For my purposes, this gets 4.5 stars. Solid.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,9/23/2013,118,100,4,6,5>I went here for breakfast with my boyfriend, and we had an awesome breakfast.  We raved about it for months and finally went back for dinner with his parents.  I got the carne asada tacos, my boyfriend and his father got the chimichangas and his mom got the quesadilla.  Everything was beyond great! I am used to the same old Mexican places we have around town, but this is nothing like it.  I have also been to La Casa, which is supposed to be the best authentic mexican restaurant around and Wylie Chayote's blows it out of the water.  The queso was by far the best queso I have had in a while.  I hate when you order Queso and this tick film forms on top form the cheese crusting over...it's gross, but this did not do that at all.  It had great seasoning and it was thick and creamy..very delicious! My tacos were great...I do, however, like tacos that have some toppings on them (i'm sure that is not authentic mexican, but I like it).  The carne asada came with caramelized onions and some herbs...it was great, but I wish there was a bit more to them.  After seeing the chimichanga across the table from me, realllllly made me wish I would have gotten that.  My boyfriend and his father said it was great.  I will be getting that next time.  It was huge and it just looked like it was perfectly cooked.  We also ordered the margaritas.  I know I have been saying, "best ever," a lot in this review, but seriously, hands down, best ever margaritas I have had.  They come with fresh squeeze lime juice, agave nectar and really great tequila.  We had TWO PITCHERS, yes that is right, two pitchers between the 4 of us! We were feeling pretty good after two glasses, but we said "Keep Em Coming!"  I am going to warn you, a pitcher of margaritas is $45, but there is about 5 or 6 good size glasses in the one pitcher and the tequila they use is really good! It was well worth every penny!
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,9/22/2013,3,7,,3,1>I've been having my car serviced at Lo Vetro for about five years and every interaction has been positive. They clearly believe that customer service is a core element of their business. Always respectful, each person I've spoken with takes the time to describe what works needs to be done to the car and why. I appreciate that they are accessible when I need to have something looked at on short notice. On a couple occasions I've heard a noise or felt something odd while driving and called to ask if I can stop by for them to take a look. Each time they were accommodating and they explored and fixed whatever the minor issue was and I was on my way with confidence that the issue was fixed.They've earned my trust and loyalty over the years and I couldn't recommend Lo Vetro enough.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,9/21/2013,72,90,,3,3>The honey banana ice cream is amazing.  I wish this place was closer to me but it's still well worth the drive out to Pittsford. Make sure to bring a quart home or you'll regret it later!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,9/20/2013,38,112,2,2,2>This is located in a very obscure location, down a road that looks like it should be an industrial park.  There's a very small parking lot in front of the restaurant with half the parking spaces taken up by handicapped spots.  There's nothing in the way of decor, it's a sparkly white ceiling and plain tables.  The little dishes of food they bring out in the beginning are excellent.  There's a seasonal cold dish that we love (I can't remember the name).  It is only served for 3 months in the summer.  It's very different because it is served ice cold.  The dolsot bibimbap is always excellent, as is the kalbi.  There is a deep fried pork dish with a sweet and sour sauce that my family LOVES.  The service is always attentive, but there's usually only 1 waitress on the floor.  Sodam has the same food, but very different flavors.  We alternate between the two.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,9/19/2013,37,59,,2,2>Came here for brunch around 10:30am on a Sunday and despite being packed, the hostess was able to find us a seat at the breakfast bar.  Service was great and the food was delicious.  Banana caramel pancakes and the crab benedict were amazing!  If you're looking for a quiet breakfast spot, Sunday mornings are not the best time to go.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,9/18/2013,31,13,2,2,2>I LOVE THIS BAR! Not to be weird but I have many memories here... it always gets the best of me. Had myself 2 slices of cheese. Typically I get one but the bar tender fudged up my order so I ate the extra piece like a maverick. Plus 10 acme style wings to share extra crispy always hits the spot.Best happy hour on Monroe considering their extensive beer selection. I am watching the U.S. national soccer team beat Mexico 2 to 0 it is the 82nd min and I am pumped with my mates.My spot to go on Monroe.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,9/17/2013,145,407,,11,3>A Really Really Good Fish Sandwich and  the Fried Clams are Very Good.      Eat them as soon as you get them! Yummy and Hot! The fish sandwiches were large, at least foot, and while crisply battered and fried, they were not all batter like some other places, but more of thin and crisp golden with perfectly flaky whitefish, that had no skin. Perfect. The soft yeasty, doughy white bread buns matched well, but next time I'll be totally fillet focused.Yes the business is mostly all take out, but there are a couple of tiny tables and stools, I suggest you use them, or sit on your car, or in your car, or on the sidewalk, as the freshness of the food is best enjoyed by getting it into your mouth as soon as you can.They also have some refrigerated cases with fresh (uncooked) fish, and it all looked good and the prices were very competitive. Served up in paper boats and covered with foil, the sandwiches and clams traveled well enough to enjoy at home, no sogginess or heat loss.Worth the trip back.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,9/16/2013,10,15,,5,3>We had a celebratory dinner on a Thursday night.  Decor was modern and new, and as oothers have commented, it was somewhat loud due to the $5 signature drinks (which were excellent).  The staff were attentive to this and asked it we preferred a more quiet seating, which we took.  This attentiveness continued through our visit. Wine list was not expansive but an acceptable mix of local Finger Lakes offerings alongside the California and offshore favorites.  We started with the special - calamari - which was great, but portion was too small as a shared plate. My yellow snapper - another special - was excellent.  Perfectly cooked and served on a bed of arugula, grilled pear, and a spicy bite of something...couldn't tell but added a new element to a common salad.  Deanna had the Cioppino which was great as well.  We finished up sharing the chocolate plate along with two 12 year single malts.  The price and portions were average, so neither were outrageous nor unreasonable.  Tip - if you desire a view of the canal traffic (Colonial Belle steamed by...), then select a table near the windows, but expect more noise from the bar.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,9/11/2014,27,182,3,12,7>We stopped by Ox and Stone when they were previewing part of their menu (but had the whole bar open). They still had sit down service, so we stopped in and were very impressed. This is easily the best new Rochester restaurant since the Revelry opened.The inside of the building is absolutely stunning. It is beautifully arranged, there is plenty of space between each table and the decor is very fitting of the Latin American theme of the place. Each table has a small centerpiece that is classy but not overwhelmingly large such that it gets in the way. The tables and chairs were comfortable and fit in perfectly with the milieu of the place.The service throughout the entire meal was unquestionably excellent (though it was very quiet in the place given it wasn't "fully" open at the time). The server we had was very attentive and wasn't overly overbearing. The staff was also quite attractive, but was very appropriately dressed.  The bar staff was also pretty prompt in getting our drinks (which were delicious).We started off with a mojito, perfectly minty, and the Hemmingway, which was a perfect mild summer fruit-based cocktail. At $9 for a drink, I think the price was very comparable to other fine dining establishments in the city. The wine list was small, but fitting with the menu. All the wines were from either the Iberian Peninsula or Argentina/Chile. The beer selection was equally fitting, though also included some New York beers (Ommegang, Brooklyn Brewery, Genny Cream).We started with the guacamole which came with some fried tortilla shells. This dish was sublime. The shells were amazing, coated with a delicious spice and perfectly cooked. The guacamole was a perfect fit, clearly fresh without an overwhelming amount of spice. It was the perfect start to a meal. When then had the mahi mahi tacos and the carne asada tacos for dinner. Both meats were perfectly prepared with a stunning amount of flavor and filler was ideal accompaniment. The shells were fresh prepared and right up there with some of the best Tex-Mex places I've been to in the Southwest.Overall, an exceptional eatery that is a welcome addition to the Rochester restaurant scene. This place is a must visit. I can't wait to go back with a full menu.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,9/10/2014,66,620,4,5,5>Wonderful homemade ice cream served in monstrous, monumental, laughable portions. I think the portions here are legendary and make it a must-visit. To think that it's no big deal to pile an entire pint of ice cream onto a single cone is hilarious. You have to see it yourself.My husband got the peanut butter s'mores and I opted for the maple walnut. Both were absolutely delicious - smooth in texture, not too hard, very creamy - and reminded me of Seneca Farms ice cream on Keuka Lake (another place you must check out!). LuGia's is definitely a family-friendly destination in the summertime and packed with kids, teenagers, grandparents and parents alike enjoying the refreshment of ice cream on summer nights. The baby cone will be enough for most people. The kid cone maybe for teens with hungry eyes. But unless you're sharing, don't order anything larger. A Spencerport/Gates tradition you can't miss out on!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/9/2014,14,144,3,1,4>Delicious. I ordered the olive sandwich, beets on the side. The food was amazing. The decor is cute, inviting and homey. The location is great for jumping across the street for some ice cream, strolling down to the coffee shops or right up to Highland park, however, I got the kale/chocolate chip cookie and was all set. Best "healthy" cookie I've ever had.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,9/8/2014,12,37,,8,6>Rochester has wonderful restaurants but has lacked authentic Mexican food, that is until Itacate. I spent my summers as a child in Southern California and had annual trips to Mexico durring those summers. Once home I missed the authentic Mexican food I would eat.  I am so happy to be able to write this review. Finally authentic Mexican food in Rochester!The owner always greets you with a smile, very personable. His wife is the cook preparing their native dishes. The tacos and tamales are on point. If I close my eyes I'm transported to a restaurant in Southern California or Mexico. The beef tongue tacos are delicious. The beef like a really moist flavorful pot roast. By far my fave on the menu!  The margaritas are made with fresh ingredients, no mixes!!  The churro a must for dessert!  Light, airy and never greasy. Comes with a side of homemade dulce de leche for dipping. Yum!!  I implore anyone who tries Itacate to try the authentic Mexican dishes we in the Rochester area haven't had the pleasure of trying and don't go for the ever familiar burrito.  To me it is the equivalent to the Italian American Chicken Parm. Step outside the comfort zone, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,9/7/2014,32,52,,3,4>Hot Rosita's Grill is an outstanding lunch option in downtown Rochester. Known for their burritos, they also offer tacos and regular specials. The food is hot and fresh. The staff is friendly and efficient. As a popular location, there can be long lines during the lunch rush, but the wait is usually no longer than 10 minutes to order.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,9/6/2014,70,85,,3,3>Fantastic food. Personalized service! Amazing baked goods... Cupcakes are moist, soft and frosting is so creamy!  Garbage plate is bomb! Terrific! Place gets packed on saturday & sunday mornings! You know thats a good sign! Check this place out ... You will be pleased ! Ps ... Pancakes are best in town!! !!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,9/5/2014,46,159,1,6,5>I come here strictly for the cookies. They are so heavenly!  I honestly don't know how they make them taste so darn good. I buy enough for the family for a week and sometimes I don't even make it home before I've eaten them all. Oopsies. Then it gives me a reason to go back and get more :) I just love them. Also the staff is really really friendly. Which is what really makes or break a place in my opinion.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,9/4/2014,29,220,3,5,3>You will die and think you've gone to donut heaven here. The staff are a bit rough and surly, but they have a busy business on Saturday and Sunday mornings, so I will offer them some forgiveness.I am not usually a cake donut person, but have found that my taste for cake donuts is changing after going to Ridge Donuts. I am fond of the Handcut Glaze and the Orange, but have tasted several of the others. Handcut Glaze is especially good if they are warm--and they often ARE warm, given that Ridge does such a busy business on the weekend. Skip Handcut Glaze if they are not warm. If you like coconut, the coconut cake is also a good choice. Actually, most all of the donuts are a good choice.Skip the Cronuts. I think they probably sit around for a couple of days, and they certainly taste like it.  They are also twice as expensive as the regular donuts, and half as good.I spent much of my life in Texas--which has some pretty excellent donut options. Ridge Donuts are certainly different than the variety I grew up to expect in Texas. However, they are excellent. Not as good as Texas donuts, of course--but a close running! :) Set your alarm and wake-up early. If you go after the church ladies come on Sunday, the pickings will be slim. Certainly, there will be donuts available. And they will be delicious. However, the best choice comes early in the morning. So, go before the church ladies. They go crazy at Ridge.Go out of your way for Ridge. You'll be a regular.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,9/3/2014,131,184,2,11,8>Adam took me here as part of my birthday weekend as opposed to going to the gym for a work out. We came in the morning hoping to avoid some of the people which was a great idea. We got there a little after 10:00 and did an hour of jumping. Adam figured we work out quite often, 1 hour would be a piece of cake - HA! What a joke! Being able to run a long distance is helpful since I could last the entire hour but if we were to jump over an hour I think I would have died. Only a few hours after we finished jumping I was super sore and realized maybe I should lift more weights. They place was a lot of fun. There is the main jumping area with a ton of trampolines. There is another area with basketball hoops, a third area that you can do tricks into a foam pit and then the dodge ball courts. All of the areas were a ton of fun but once you jump into the foam pit, good luck getting out. It was sooo hard that I decided 1 jump was more than enough. I didn't get back in. We played a few rounds of dodge balls but got our butts kicked by little kids each time. We are happy we went early and I suggest the same for any 'big kids' who want to go. At about 11:00 AM a birthday party came in and started to take over making me happy that we had about 15 minutes of jumping left. If I were to come with a kid the 60 minutes to jump would be good but if Adam and I come again we think we will do 30 minutes.Also, you have to buy their socks. They cost $2.00 each which isn't bad and have lots of grippies on the bottom, which is a must, so you don't fall.Overall, this is a fantastic place to come and have some indoor fun especially if you have a little one who needs to get their energy out. Adam and I will probably come here again especially with our niece in tow. It is a fun change to what we normally do and an amazing workout.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,9/2/2014,96,330,2,8,2>*BRUNCH REVIEW*A friend and I wanted to try the Gate House for brunch, but after skimming their very limited menu we opted for the regular lunch menu instead. After much debate I chose the The Pandora burger (sautéed jalapeños, avocado, pepperjack cheese, sriracha mayo) and I added an egg on top, to make it more breakfasty :) Normally the kitchen won't do this after breakfast hours but we were still within the brunch timeframe, so they accommodated us. I'm really thankful for that because holy COW was it the most delicious and satisfying meal. Finger-licking, lip-smacking fries, too. As for drinks, I was really impressed! I expected the standard mimosa or bloody option, but Gate House offers an array of cocktails that you don't typically see during brunch. I can't recall the name of mine but it was strong, well crafted, and delicious. Small but nice outdoor seating- highly recommend if you can snag a table. Service was great, and the prices are fair. I'd absolutely return for brunch.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2014,11/20/2014,63,111,4,8,3>Campi's is a classic greasy spoon. I was shocked to learn that there are so few reviews on such an older legendary restaurant in town. Campi's has been around forever and is very well known for steak subs. My mom often recalls stories of Campi's glory days back in the 70s and how packed the restaurant was each night. To this very day she still craves the occasional steak bomber or Friday fish fry. Over the years, this has been a staple in the community for many Rochesterians. However with the emersion of college town, eateries on Mt. Hope and even Brooks Landing, Campi's looks a bit forgotten. There isn't a whole lot on the menu if you are vegetarian or pescatarian, however if you like meat, then you'll probably find something here. As a kid, I would eat here fairly frequently. My husband loves their bomber which is enough for at least two meals. I tried their eggplant bomber. It was okay, but nothing to write home about. I'd at least recommend trying it for the experience and then crossing it off your bucket list.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,11/19/2014,96,330,4,9,4>I only have the Pittsford location to compare it to, but this downtown Breathe location is absolutely stunning. First- the main entrance. Open the heavy door with old school handle and enter through a grand foyer. Take a minute to appreciate the beauty here. Next, continue down a wide open hallway, where on the right hand side is the most magnificent converted studio you could ever imagine. Hardwood floors, high ceilings, fireplaces, original? molding... It's completely, utterly, deliciously beautiful. I couldn't believe my eyes when I walked in, I was so excited. Opposite this large studio is a humble clothing/juice shop. It's also where you go to check-in for class. And if that's not enough, the people here- both instructors and students- are very down to earth (ahem, Pittsford). Everyone is fairly serious and ready to work, but not the least bit pretentious.And to top it all off, it's a nice 15 min (ish) walk from the Park Ave area. Best yoga experience in Rochester yet. Namaste!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,11/18/2014,129,393,4,6,5>This update is for long time fans of Donuts Delite... a couple of weeks ago I was up and at 'em early, decided to stop by & pick up breakfast pizza a box of donuts for the family. Much to my surprise & pleasure it was also the morning that Bob Malley stopped by to pick up a couple of donuts. Yes, Mr. Malley of Donuts Delite (and Highland Park Diner) fame. If ever you needed confirmation that Salvatore's was making donuts like they made 'em back in the day, that was it.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2014,11/17/2014,14,106,1,6,4>Mmmmmm burgers. The mushroom burger with melted Brie and sweet potato fries on the side is my go to here, although everything I've tried has been delicious. The food always tastes fresh and the service is quick and friendly. You order, get a number and then go find a seat and your food is brought out to you. There's also a selection of beer and wine and even spiked milkshakes which I haven't tried but they sound tasty.The only hitch is that you do seat yourself, so sometimes you have to hang and wait for a table to open up if it's super busy.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2014,11/16/2014,35,51,1,7,5>I've been pierced a lot, and have known Nick for years. He's great at what he does, which is why I've followed him around since I've known him. He's got a great bedside manner when it comes to piercing, and is super patient with clients. The other staff members that I've encountered here were also wonderful, very patient in taking the time to answer any questions/explain anything. I've even come here when I've had issues with a piercing from another shop, and they gave tips and instructions on how to deal with it.The shop is wonderful, beautifully decorated and always kept immaculate. Every time I come here I'm given a friendly welcome. They have a great selection of jewelry, and not just the run of the mill stuff that you see at the mall stores. If you can't find exactly what you're looking for here, chances are they can order it and you'll have it in a matter of a week or so.It is a little pricier than what you would pay at a bigger name store selling body jewelry, but you get what you pay for. If you buy a piece here, they're more than happy to even put it in for you at no extra cost.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2014,11/15/2014,21,94,4,10,8>Their pho is excellent!  The broth is flavorful as is without having to add too much more seasoning (can't forget the Sriracha though =D).  My beef special pho was filled with a plentiful amount of flank, brisket, rare steak, tendon, tripe, and meatballs.  So much for meatless Mondays.  I always order the fried squid appetizer as well. The texture is perfect - crispy outside coating and soft, not rubbery squid.  It has a tolerable spicy kick and seasoned additionally with salt and pepper, and garnished with some lettuce, red, and green peppers to soften the kick.  Also, when it's available, I always get a bubble tea milkshake to round off my meal.  Yum!Only downside is the restaurant is small and it's street parking on Monroe.  There is a small shared parking lot next to the building.  Space is tight so when it's busy, I prefer to go elsewhere.  There's no real waiting area;  come to a halt after two steps through the door.  I feel uncomfortable standing right in front of the door watching everyone eat and vice versa, being watched while I eat.Despite the non-food related constraints, SEA's food is tasty and inexpensive and satisfies my palate each time!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2014,11/14/2014,66,245,1,7,6>This park is great for a lot of things-- there is a disc golf course, a sledding hill, shelters, trails, a dog park (must register first). I've been to this park for parties, picnics, hikes, snowshoeing, to take my dog to play with other dogs, but my favorite activity that I have done here is kayak. You can sign up for a rental and shuttle at Bay Creek and they will drive you into the park and drop you off with a kayak. You can take a leisurely paddle through the park until you get back to Irondequoit Bay. The park is also caters to horse riders... watch your step.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,11/13/2014,54,98,2,8,6>Love. Love. LOVE. LOVE THIS PLACE.A huge array of local ORGANIC produce and products. I have not found anything like this in Rochester; not at the public market, not at Greece farmer's market... Nowhere.Friendly venders. Talked with us about their product in detail with no pressure to buy.And my first time there... There was a Bluegrass band! And children dancing!!AND it's year-round. In the winter they take it inside.Hubby and I have decided this will most assuredly be a weekly stop for us.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2014,11/12/2014,3,12,4,6,6>I would like to begin my review by saying that Label 7 has renovated their bar area! According to many other reviewers the ceiling was uncomfortably low and there was very little space at the bar. I mentioned this to the bartender (since there was A LOT of space when I went!) and he told me that they had redone the place. Now, the bar is all the same height on 3 sides, and the 4th side is a hightop. The bands play behind that 4th side and it can get a *little loud*, but it's not too bad noise-wise. The whole place has a very open feel to it. Loved it. Service was excellent, if I could give them 7 stars for service I would. The bartender was very friendly, chatty, seemed genuinely concerned with how we were enjoying our food/drinks. He even made me a whiskey sour with lemon juice instead of sour mix because I'm a pain in the ass. When another bartender showed up a little later for the dinner rush, she was just as pleasant and helped my friends and I dissect my tab when I closed out (because as I mentioned, I'm a pain in the ass.) The food was very good; chips and dip were delicious (homemade kettle chips? I think?), their fries are to die for, and their burger was pretty good. There's a nice selection of beers, wines, and liquors - and they'll let you try a sample of something to see if you like it before you commit to a whole glass. Some places nowadays won't do that for you.Happy hour is from 4 - 7 every day and offers half priced drinks. I loved this place. I'll be back often.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,11/11/2014,13,48,1,6,4>Well this is ringing endorsement for over the top customer service.  So I started working at a new job that did not allow me to visit with the museum as much as I would like to and to my surprise my absence was noticed on my last visit.  The staff is always helpful, nice and informative... but today they went above and beyond! Simone, the best customer service agent ever, was able to offer me a deal I could not refuse.  I had been a member of the museum for over 7 years and have always enjoyed my time there.  Now we are members again, thanks to Simone's efforts I am still a loyal member of the museum.  You have to visit for the boardwalk video arcade!  There is a game there "Harpoon Lagoon" that yields the most tickets ever.... with one catch of the elusive jelly fish you can score 200 prize tickets. WOW!  My son got it three times.Had loads of fun will definitely be there this summer and on those winter days when the wind is just a little too cold to enjoy the ice skating outside.  Thanks Simone for making my day and my son's too!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,4/14/2014,3,18,,6,3>The soup, sandwiches, breakfast sandwiches, and salads are some of the best in Rochester! Check to see if mac salad is available.  It has spices and julienned carrots; A unique and delicious homemade recipe. While you're at it, check out some of the posters, photos, and art on the walls. Can you find the baby pig being held photo or Steve McQueen on a motor cycle?
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,4/13/2014,27,182,,4,2>Best pizza in town by miles (let's be real Paul's is terrible).  Garlic knots are amazing.  The place itself is a bit of a dump, but the Italian food you can get at sit down is surprisingly not that bad (the sandwiches are also pretty good lunch fare too).  After four years, Mia's will always hold a place in my heart, primarily due to some early morning visits, but the food is actually really solid even in the daylight.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/12/2014,66,620,,8,4>Not much to look at, but great traditional Jamaican home-cooking. I was introduced to this place by Naz, probably close to a year ago now, and have been back a few times since then for takeout. There's nothing fancy here, just flavorful food and tender meats that likely won't disappoint you if you're a fan of a little bit of spice. My faves here are the chicken curry and brown stew. Both have meats that are very tender and falling off the bone, complemented by generous portions of rice and steamed veggies. I have yet to try the stewed goat, but that's next on my list. I think the chicken curry is probably the most mild of the dishes, but not any less flavorful. If you're looking to try something here to get your feet wet, this is the dish I'd recommend. Most of the plates are around $10 for a large portion of food. Don't miss out on Peppa Pot. Unassuming in appearance but not in taste!
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,4/11/2014,118,100,2,11,7>My boyfriend and I did an impromptu dinner date this weekend and I have a Banzai Living Social deal so we deiced to get some use out of it before it expired.  Now, I am not 100% sure about the owner and the relation to the owner of Piranha.  I thought they were owned by the same people, but I over heard the sushi chef telling diners something different...but my point is, i never went to Banzai because i had a bad experience at Piranha and never went back.  I kept hearing rave reviews about their brunch, that is why i got the living social deal, but I am super happy I went for sushi instead.  The staff was super friendly and our waitress urged us to get the Pork Belly Sliders since there was only one order left.  I swore it said there was 5 to an order, but i must have read the description wrong because we only got two.  THESE THINGS WERE TO DIE FOR!!! After one bite i was like "Where are the other three!!!" Best way to start the dinner.  My boyfriend and I then split the Big Kahuna Roll, Spicy Tuna (My Fav) and rainbow roll.  The Big Kahuna Roll was amazing.  I really wish we would have gotten two of those.  There was soft shell crab, spicy tuna and i think something else.  I don't remember that much because i scarfed it down so fast that I didn't really even stop to see what was in the roll.  The spicy tuna roll was delicious as well, and the rainbow roll was super fresh.  The drinks were reasonably priced also.  I am always on the hunt from great sushi since I left california, and I have to say, Banzai, by far, is one the best in the city.  The only thing i was bummed about is they were all out of banzai wings...they sounded so good!! Sorry I didn't post any pics, I ate too fast and before I knew it the food was gone...there's always next time!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/10/2014,28,135,,6,6>Danny the owner/bartender is a super friendly guy who went out of his way to welcome us and make us feel at home.  He told us about the place and we chatted about trips to Ireland as we enjoyed the homey atmosphere in his very Irish pub and enjoyed live traditional music among a crowd of happy and boisterous pub patrons. Loved the simple draft choices, very Irish: Harp, Smithwick's, Murphy's and Guinness...the latter being one of the best pours I've had in the states, slow and deliberate and very fresh tasting.  Matt behind the bar was equally friendly.  A friend of a friend of mine who'd had one too many but was admiring the beautiful glassware used for the Guinness pints was handed an empty by the owner as a parting gift.  A class act and the kind of gesture that gets remembered.  We will definitely be back.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,4/9/2014,12,37,2,8,6>Just left The Old Toad for a Lenten Friday fish and chip dinner. Haven't been here in forever and wish I knew why, love this little pub!  First of all when you walk in you feel like you've been transported across the pond. The staff for the most part are English college students working at the old toad for a year. Many are hospitality majors. The staff is so attentive!!  Wide selection of beer both local and English. I chose a creamy Boddington to accompany my fish and chips. The platter of fish came with a side of "mushy peas" which are mashed green peas with melted butter and mint, well balanced. I seriously want the recipe, that's how much I loved the peas. The fish was a fresh white piece of haddock, bear battered and wrapped traditionally in newspaper. Oh my gosh that fry was seriously the best I have ever had. Fish fry is tough to do right, can be over battered, greasy, over/undercooked. This was pure perfection!!!! Right balance of batter to fish, not greasy and texture of the fish perfect. Fries were good and I enjoyed them with the malt vinegar we were given. Well done Old Toad!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/8/2014,58,204,,4,4>Used gear abounds, with a large section dedicated to ice skates (hockey and figure, but I didn't see any speed). They didn't have a pair in the size I was looking for, but I think that was actually the only size they didn't have. They also have new gear, but not in vast selection. I would check them out again if I was in the area, but probably not make a special trip unless looking for used skates (in a more common size). The staff was friendly (ish) and helpful, even though they didn't have what I was looking for. Overall, it's a small sports store but worth the visit if you're nearby.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/7/2014,131,184,3,7,4>When I bought my black car I quickly realized that it was going to be dirty all of the time. I started coming here on my way to Wegmans to go grocery shopping because of how convenient it was. However, I quickly realized it was be smarter to just get a car wash package. I looked around at a few different places that have packages but ultimately picked here. I always have really great service and everyone always looks content to be there. They take pride in the work they do and I appreciate that. They have great products and my car is always clean when I finish. they have heaters so there is no one to tip at the end of the wash for drying your car off. No the heaters do not get rid of every drop of water but hey do a pretty great job. They recently did some upgrades and actually lowered the prices. I was pretty excited to get a better car wash for a cheaper price since they grandfathered my price point in with the better car wash. Some downsides - it can be hard to get out depending on how busy of a time you go. It is tough to get onto clover if you have to make a left hand turn. I just patiently wait until I can get out and go at less busy times. Also with the new upgrades they installed different colored lights for certain areas in the car wash. I feel like I am going to a rave every time I get my car washed which is fine with me but it makes me nervous for anyone with epilepsy. I hope the lights aren't that serious in there.A tip when you go - find a line that has the cleanest cars. They most likely have a car wash package and don't have to stop and pay so the line goes by quickly.I will continue my car wash package there and suggest it to as many people as I can.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/6/2014,81,61,6,11,6>Got my LASIK done here March 2013. A year later and I couldn't be happier. It's like I never wore glasses. $100 for the initial consultation which lasts about an hour and a half and you will be told if you are a good candidate for LASIK or not. I have had friends who have been here after I recommended this place and some of them have been told they are not good candidates. They will not offer it if they don't think you'll benefit which is great. The consultation fee is subtracted from you surgery total if you do decide to get it done. They also hold regular seminars if you have questions about LASIK or just want information.Everything from the initial consultation to the surgery the post op and the subsequent office visits have been very satisfying experiences and all staff members have been very welcoming attentive and helpful. Dr. McRae did a great job and has lived up to his reputation as one of the leading eye surgeons in the area. He was recommended to me by the chief of ophthalmology at the University of Rochester and Rochester General Hospital who I know through my profession and it was the right decision. I will recommend them to anyone considering LASIK. This is the real deal. There's just something about getting LASIK done at the mall with a Groupon that is wrong (LASIK MD I'm looking at you!)On a side but related note...... I love my new Ray Bans!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/5/2014,129,393,1,6,4>This joint is as good as the five star reviews say it is. That being said, YMMV. Pay attention to the posted hours. Pancakes are sooo good. I'm limiting my gluten intake these days but will make exceptions for their "Meltaway" pancakes. Yes, they are all that and a bag of chips.  If you order your standard eggs, meat & homefries, the bread that accompanies it is home made. Very good as well. As far as the sides go, I ordered bacon on my last visit (ordinarily, I'm a sausage fan) and it was the BEST bacon I've had in a loong time. Arrive early, folks. Lines CAN get long. But do include it in your rounds. If you're not a pancake fan (not my favorite dish), you will be after you visit Fisher's Station!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,10/1/2014,43,99,6,9,9>My sisters and I were in the mood for something sweet after gorging on pizza for lunch, and after two failed attempts to get a cupcake at Dolce and Scratch, we drove the 10 minutes over to Village Bakery, as my sister Karly swears by their desserts. I'm not sure how I've managed to live less than three miles away and have never, ever visited, but alas, yesterday was my first time. First off, this place is visually stunning. High, open ceilings, and painted in a soothing grayish blue, it is decorated simply and rustically with wooden and metal tables and stools, and picnic table style seating. I stood entranced by the decorative menu board while my sisters ordered. I'm a sucker for macaroons, so I ordered three of them (for testing and tasting purposes, of course). I settled on the strawberry and cream, lemon, and vanilla. They were adorable, as all macaroons are, but my favorite was the lemon. The strawberry and cream was way too sweet for me (I have a very savory palate), but the bright, tart lemon filling really shined. The actual cookie part of the macaroon was softer than I'd like; they lacked that crisp crackling that a macaroon should have. My sisters had the chocolate peanut butter cupcake (very rich) and the lemon bar for dessert. The lemon bar was delicious -- so tart and moist. Yum!! I also had iced coffee, and while on the expensive side ($4), it was awesome! A nice bold flavor. I would come back for that again and again. The counter server was very sweet and pleasant, and all the food I saw patrons eating looked very tasty. I can't wait to come back and sample their breakfast dishes!!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/30/2014,50,152,11,14,11>Sweet. Mother. of. Chicken.Although the Coop is hidden in a small location on a seemingly unknown corner in Webster, NY this is easily the best fried chicken I've ever had.  No words can even begin to describe the crunch and intense crispiness of the fry firmly glued to the chicken skin or the mouth-watering succulence of the intense poultry flavored meat encased inside.  I've never been happier that my 100th review would be for such a remarkably stellar chicken shop.My two friends and I ordered a big chicken combo platter tonight which had 4 breasts, 2 thighs, 2 wings, and 2 drumsticks that also came with 3 sides + drinks all for just over $30 after tax.  Talk about an amazing price or what?!  Not only that, just the one side of chips would've been enough for the three of us, and yet we had two more to order alongside it!  My friends opted for the chive mash with chicken gravy on the side and dear Lord, that gravy.  No. words.  It was so good the entire table was silent during dinner because everyone was busy chomping down on the insane deliciousness that was sitting there before us.I have nothing else to say but GO. HERE.  You will not regret it.  Your parents will not regret it.  Your ancestors would be proud.  It is just that exceptionally good.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,9/29/2014,35,203,4,4,5>Can I give 11 stars?  This place is legit as the kids say.  It is located above Solera Wine bar and specializes in old time cocktails and each one is made with loving care even down to the fancy ice cubes!  The place is beautiful and rustically elegant. The staff are all experts in their craft and you can tell they love what they do. My new favorite place.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,9/28/2014,9,24,5,5,2>I've finally found my 'White Castle' in Rochester! Ever since I had a chicken rice plate from the original Halal guys in NYC, I've been looking for dishes that resemble that, and Sultan's is the answer.I had the chicken shawarma and it was heavenly. The roll was soft and light, perfect in texture. The chicken, and this is the big difference between Sultan's and the other Mediterranean restaurants in Rochester, was perfectly cooked- soft, succulent and textured perfectly to absorb the flavors and the sauce. Every bite took me back to NYC and the Halal guys, and rest assured, I will be back to test their other offerings soon.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,9/27/2014,40,47,4,6,4>I've never had a (paid) gym membership before... and quite honestly I don't consider being a member of Push Fitness Center to be like a business transaction.  I don't feel as if I'm paying them for a service.  My wife and I feel as if we're part of a community there.  From the moment you walk into the door you're greeted by numerous people whom know you by name and are all there for the same reason, to achieve and maintain fitness.We've been there for a little over a year and have absolutely nothing but amazing things to say about this place.  "First rule of being a member in a gym, tell everyone you're a member in a gym!"  All joking aside, I won't stop raving about this place.  The cleanliness of the equipment, the attention to detail by the employees, the flexibility of subscription plans, the accommodations for children/day care, the 24/7 access, the available classes and our personal trainers!  With such a huge support system in place, it's no wonder why everyone who walks into the gym for the start of their workout, walks out feeling accomplished and exhausted!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2014,9/26/2014,24,225,,4,3>I really like that they have some "tart" flavors  available instead of all sweet ice-cream like varieties. The lemon flavor is also really nice. Lots of fresh fruit toppings (as well as others) available.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,9/25/2014,37,59,3,4,2>I had never even heard of Sinbad's before coming here, but my Foodie Friend got it in her mind that she wanted Greek food so off we went.  It was a gorgeous night so we walked to Sinbad's and, despite Park Ave being pretty busy, we were able to get a table for two right away.  Since it was so nice outside, we sat outside on the patio and the decision was perfect because the people watching was great that night.  I swear the cast of Jersey Shore had found their way to Park Ave. and it was like watching idiots on parade.  Dinner and a show!The food was fantastic throughout the meal.  We started out with an order of hummus and and order of sambusek as appetizers.  Both were great, but the sambusek was exceptionally good.  I could have eaten that as my meal for the night and been happy, but we ordered a main dish just to keep feeding our faces.  For our entree, we went with the pharaoh pitza.  I really feel like you can't go wrong with feta cheese, but they put some char-grilled chicken on the pizza as well and it was mind-blowing!  I spent the entire meal wondering why we don't put that magical chicken on more pizzas (or pitzas).  The service was pretty good as well.  As I said, it was pretty busy there, but our drinks stayed full, we received quick attention, and they were very friendly.  I can't wait to spend many more summer nights on restaurant patios in the coming months and I feel Sinbad's will be one I frequent.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/24/2014,49,92,2,3,4>Jeremiah's is exactly what you need it to be.  Loud, full of sports fans, pretty decent beer selection (nothing fancy), and delicious wings.  I've started coming fairly often with my kickball team, and some friends and I went to enjoy some World Cup action (why, yes, they did play Born in the USA after the US beat Ghana).  Jeremiah's is a fairly big space, with plenty of tables and separate rooms if you want to be removed from the bar area.  Pretty good bar/tavern scene.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,9/23/2014,40,210,,5,5>The Daily Refresher is my favorite place to get a tasty cocktail in Rochester, since many of the other craft-cocktail locations are primarily restaurants (i.e. Goodluck). The cocktail list at the Daily Refresher is full of unique drinks that are made by knowledgeable and friendly bartenders.  They are happy to tweak the drinks to your liking or dietary needs.  I love the decor, which is a dark and cozy mix of Victorian-style couches and chairs and handmade pieces with a steampunk vibe. The atmosphere is chill and quiet on weeknights but can get bustling on the weekends, and the music often matches. There is also plentiful outdoor seating in the back patio (which is where you will find the food truck).
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,9/22/2014,9,29,,2,3>I love Roam Cafe for two reasons.  Firstly, this is one of the only places in Rochester where you can buy a $ 6 glass of good wine and have it be worth your money.  Big glasses, big pour, I love it.  Secondly, the food is great and refreshing.  The boy and I go here typically when I've had a long day at work and need my 'wine fix,' to cool down or when we're feeling like going somewhere more 'romantic/intimate,' what have you.  It's very cutesy on the inside.  It's a great place for a date.  I recently had the white pizza as a meal (with a glass of Malbec, ofc) and it was the perfect size/ingredients.  The boy, who normally pouts when there isn't a rib eye on the menu, was actually raving about the turkey sandwich that he got!  Everything seems really fresh, and so far from what we've gotten, has been really good!  It's nice and quiet in here too, easy to have conversations without screaming over the table at dinner.  The only draw-back is the service.  Our waitress actually 'disappeared,' for an hour, to the point where the other wait staff on-duty actually had no idea where she was either.  A few family members that were having dinner were more accommodating than their hired staff.  Maybe they should hire more friendly/less negligent people.  Other than the service, which I'm trying to overlook, pretty great place!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,3/28/2013,0,5,,2,2>What a great Japanese restaurant.  We live in the neighborhood and frequent this place, where the staff is always friendly and helpful and they even seem quite happy to see us.  I don't claim special expertise in sushi since I don't eat raw fish, but the chef's special rolls are always a total delight, unusual and beautiful and rich-tasting.  We love their wasabi shu mai, which has a much greater filling-to-cover ratio than usual and is perfectly fiery, so delicious.  Their bento boxes and kitchen meals are reliably tasty and well-prepared.  Especially for the reasonable prices, a great place to eat.  I only gave four stars because indeed, the room itself isn't wonderful, but that's probably on the landlord.  This place is a real treasure.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,3/27/2013,0,9,,8,2>We heard from a friend that Master Kim's was a great place for kids to learn discipline in a fun way, so we enrolled my 5 year old son in the 6 week trial program. Right from the start my son seemed to really enjoy the classes, which we attended twice a week (Tuesday nights and Saturday afternoons).  It seems to be a great way to keep my son active during the winter months especially.After 6 weeks my son wanted to continue taekwondo without any encouragement from us, which we were happy about, and it must be due to Master Kim's great personality as Master Kim really seems to connect with the kids, and he is very enthusiastic and genuine.  My son just received his yellow belt, and has now been going to Master Kim's for about 3 months.  We hope he continues to stay interested in taekwondo because it's different from other sports in the way it teaches discipline.  I do wish Master Kim's Penfield Rd. location had more seating for parents to watch the classes, but there is a nice playroom for younger siblings to play in which is a decent trade-off for lack of seating space.Kudos to Master Kim for running a quality establishment.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/26/2013,13,48,,3,1>OK so you are sitting at Java's and you get the munchies for something other than scones, cupcakes or cookies.  Right across the street is Ludwig's, formerly Center Stage Cafe, they have you covered.  Soups, salads, quiche, chili, pie, grill items and sandwiches.  Be warned they close religiously at 6:00 pm.  This is my umpteenth time visiting the cafe and my third time ordering the chili, I really love it.  I have been to other establishments for chili and nine times out of ten I end up sending it back.  I will admit that I am not the easiest to please, that in mind if any diner owners are reading this please stop putting cheese on the chili!  At least ask if we want it first, as for me I absolutely HATE that combination.  Ludwig's gets it right food made to order how you want it, not how they want you to have it.  Great job and great food.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,3/25/2013,14,64,,4,4>The smell when you walk into Hedonist is incredible. The store is simple and the staff is very friendly and helpful. You can tell that they like being there. My favorite treat from Hedonist is the milk chocolate dipped caramels with sea salt. My favorite of their packaged assorted chocolates is the spice one with candied ginger, curry and wasabi and other spices you wouldn't immediately imagine work well with chocolate. In addition to eating Hedonist chocolate, I highly recommend giving the assortments as gifts. They're as beautiful as they are delicious and the packaging is classic and pretty. You can even "build your own" box of assorted pieces. Whenever I visit business associates, friends, or family outside of NY I bring Hedonist Caramels as an example of some unique Rochester NY goodness.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,3/24/2013,131,184,,3,3>I'm so glad I can go somewhere to get BBQ that isn't the dinosaur; that place is over rated. I've been here before but recently went again and I was happy both times. I haven't had to wait long for a seat and I had really good service both times. That food has also always come out in a timely fashion. I like their foods and the different options that they have.  It seems as if they take pride in everything- not just a brisket.  I am also a fan of their sides but, I would not pay the extra money for sides that are not included in your meal because the portions of those are not always very large compared to the price.I like the decorations as well.  It is fun to look around and see all of the cool decorations they have all around.I don't eat BBQ food too often but, I would much rather travel here then go to dinosaur. I will continue to come here for BBQ because they have so many wonderful options.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,3/23/2013,28,102,3,3,3>I love dog town! So many awesome hot dogs, such creativity! Every thing I have ever had here is awesome, my personal favorite is the Irish Setter, see all the hot dogs are names after dog breeds! It is a hot dog with  Russian dressing, corned beef, kraut & melted Swiss!  The Golden Retriever, a dog resting next to two strips of bacon covered with melted Cheddar is another good choice! I love the loaded fries, though regular are good too. Some cool Soda options make this a cool place for a first date, definitely will give you and your date lots to talk about. While I suggest it as  a good place for a date, do go knowing its not particularly romantic, its just a cool little spot. With an average dog price of $3.60 or so, sides around $2.40 and soda at say $2, thats about $8 a person, maybe $20 if you get a third dog. Not bad!I recently brought my grandmother here and she got quite the kick out of it too, she had fun ordering once she was finally able to pick out a hot dog. I did forget to make it a white hot which is always an option though she still enjoyed it!Try it out!!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,3/22/2013,8,4,,5,3>This is probably in my top 5 favorite places in Rochester. Often places claim to be an Englsih Pub, just like the New York Pizza places you find in California, but this place truly is. The Old Toad has a great exchange program that swaps an English person with an American and allows them to come work in Rochester for a year. I lived in Nottingham, England for six months and can only find my favorite English drink at the Old Toad. When you go, yes when, order a Cider and Black. You won't regret it. Along with the great drink selection, they have a great menu of English food. Yes, I know when you hear English you don't think "great food," but they have captured some of England's yummiest meals, like Shepards Pie (my personal favorite!).This is a gem imbedded in the heart of the city. It's a great place to pop in when you have had enough clubbing next door at Vinyl or down the street at SoHo. Great place to grab a drink and a have a chat.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/21/2013,19,167,,6,3>I tried this place the 3rd day they were open and am happy to have this as an addition to my neighborhood.  I ordered the fish tacos and my fiance ordered mole enchiladas.  Our food came out quickily but our server put in the wrong order for him and brought him enchiladas verde instead.  He had been debating  between the two options so he wasn't too dissapointed and ate every bite of it anyways.  My tacos were amazing, the fish was delicate and flavorful.  My only gripe for the tacos was that they were on flour tortillas that tasted like they came out of a bag.  I prefer corn tortillas with tacos, but thats just my personal preference.  I also appreciated that they had queso fresco, as so many mexican restaurants don't and it really seals the deal for me.  My fiance also felt that the rice that came with our food tasted like box rice but I didn't detect that at all.  The service was a bit awkward, I think it was our servers first time waitressing so you cant really nitpick a place that is still ironing out the kinks.  I think this place is going to do very well.  The inside was decorated beautifully and I could tell that a lot of care went into this place.  I will certainly be back.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,3/20/2013,11,17,,3,1>Great selection of Salads, soups, sandwiches, paninis, wraps, and pizzas.  Everything is fresh and unique tasting.  The tomato artichoke soup is a MUST, and unless you want it for the whole meal go with the cup size (it's decently sized).  The honey Lime shrimp salad is also a favorite of mine, the dressing is to die for. The rising sunflower sandwich is also great. Large beer and wine selections. They do have a dessert case where I have gotten an awesome bananas foster cheesecake slice (available to go!). Outdoor seating in summer, one of my favorites.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,3/19/2013,3,14,,2,2>I went to Papa Joe's with four other couples for a nice Italian meal- and that's what we got! We waited for a good thirty minutes, but with wine & good friends, who cares. The prices at this place are unreal, a $12 entree will feed you for days! We all split wine bottles, appetizers & dessert and we didn't even cry when we got the bill! The fact that Papa Joe's is stationed in an old bank doesn't make this a romantic hot spot, but if you're looking for authentic Italian food with friendly staff, this place is highly recommended! You can even pick up food to go through the old drive thru... doesn't get much better than that, folks!There is no bar to sit at while you wait, but wine can be brought out upon request.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/26/2013,22,17,,7,3>I have nothing but good things to say about Michael Avery Salon. The atmosphere is warm and inviting where modern style meets the charm of the original building.I've gone to Michael for a couple years now, and I can always trust him to make me look fabulous. He really listens to how you wear your hair and comes up with the best style for you. A couple times I ended up wishing we'd gone a little shorter on my bangs but, not a problem, as he'll bring you in for a touch up for no charge. I always recommend him and his salon to friends.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,2/25/2013,58,204,3,5,3>Wow. Just wow. My stomach hurts from all the delicious food. Everything was fabulous. The food, the service, the ambiance, even parking was easy, though it was a Tuesday. To start - we asked our server, Andrew if he liked the smoked chicken and goat cheese turnovers because I had read on reviews they were a hit - he was not so enthusiastic. Instead he suggested the crab & cheese fondue. It was so good if the place had been robbed and I was tied up I would do all I could to get close enough to lick the bowl. Yes. That good. Rip my arms off if you must but I will be finishing this cheese. Though really the little crustini breads were actually quite good and so please leave an arm attached I need at least one to eat this properly. I've had similar bread elsewhere but it's always the consistency of a crouton and therefore either rather crunchy and hard or it crumbles. This was neither. It was perfectly toasted and quickly buttered so the butter created a softer middle but still crispy from the toasting. And then they bring you little whole wheat rolls with aged balsamic (the thick goopy kind) and olive oil along side a salsa of some sort. While definitely not as tasty as the fondue, it was worthy of the stomach real estate. At this point I'm hoping and yet afraid that my entree will be as good as or better than this cheesy lobster dip. Mac & Cheese and I have a history. A fantastic loving caring experimenting history. If its an option as a side, 9 out of 10 times I'll get Mac & cheese. Occasionally I've found it as an entree, sometimes beefed up with meat of some sort (not usually beef), sometimes just a ridiculously large portion of cheese. I still wish I was a yelper back when we visited Seattle so I could find the place I had what had been the best Mac & cheese. Had been. No longer. Large bow tie pasta, large as in the size of a bow tie for small child, perfectly cooked in a soupy sea of mixed cheeses topped with seasoned bread crumbs. I think. I actually don't know what I was eating for certain, but that would be my guess. Don't care much, it was one of those dishes that cross over from "I MUST figured out this recipe to make at home" into "this is so good there is no possible way to replicate it". I dunno. Maybe you won't like it. Maybe you don't like good food. Maybe you don't like when your taste buds are happy. Maybe you like graham cracker crumbs on your elbow macaroni covered in gritty cheddar. Good. Don't steal my bow ties. My wonderful date shared his medium rare hanger steak with me, in exchange for some bow ties. It was a fair trade. Juicy  and flavorful, as were the cheesy polenta fries that accompanied it. The veggies were I'm sure good but honestly there was no room. They're chopped up in small chunks, really just there to hold up the steak. Polenta fries were delicious, they're not French fries but more like ...well...ok, just go with me on this - remember the French toast sticks you popped in the microwave? They're like those but made of corn bread and fried instead of nuked, so they're crispy and greasy and really quite good, but don't think of a french fry.Dessert. How could there be room. For dessert. How? I didn't get sucked in by those little veggie bits, that's how. I knew if apps and entrees could be this good, leave room for dessert, that's how! Raspberry crème bruleè because of course crème brulèe I don't care where the little dashes go I'm getting my fire roasted custard stuff. And chocolate lava cake, because it was our valentines dinner and that's just how it was. The chocolate lava cake was possibly the first lava cake I've ever had that I am unsure it's not from a dessert service that had been sitting in the freezer before we ordered it. If it was from a service and not made in house, the service is an actual legitimate bakery that cares about it's food, but if I were the bakery I would definitely be putting my name on the menu so I'm guessing this was in-house. The brûlée was perfectly done but I will say I wasn't quite sure it didn't have fruity pebbles flavoring...I like fruity pebbles so I thought it was good, but I think I might suggest not messing with crème brûlée and just adding some fresh fruit instead. I mean, don't actually change it, I loved it, but I could see that maybe someone might be turned off by the raspberry addition. Of course I would ask that person why, if you don't like raspberry, would you order raspberry crème brûlée, but people do dumb things sometimes.If you sense a generally upbeat and silly tone in my review, you should attribute it to the food and how happy it has made me. An amazing meal, wonderful service, this will be our go-to date night restaurant.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/16/2012,2/24/2013,29,63,,3,2>The drinks aren't expensive. There's good beer on tap. The food is really quite good. There's usually somewhere to sit, even when the place is pretty crowded. There's games--darts, pool, corn-hole tournaments, karaoke night. There's an eclectic mix of people--kickball teams, sports watchers, pub-goers. The owner and bartenders are pretty personable.The problem is it takes FOREVER to get served at the bar. There's just not enough bar staff to serve customers in a timely manner, especially since the bartenders also take orders and deliver food.I usually order fewer drinks than I would otherwise simply because I don't want to pause my conversation for 10 minutes while I go to get another drink.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,2/23/2013,6,6,,3,3>Don't bother going to NYC for Pizza. Fiamma is the real deal-Authentic wood-fired pizza. -Fresh ingredients. -Great family-run restaurant. Giuseppe, owner and Pizzaiola, Lauren his fiancé and server, her brother the bartender, her father the greeter  ~ it's like a movie-Maybe best pizza in Rochester. -Bad lighting, spare parking but well worth the ride
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/22/2013,35,49,,4,1>Great place for Mediterranean and family friendly too! the upstairs deck in the warmer months is a great place to sit and have a meal and some drinks. The staff is friendly and every time we go we have great service. We had take out recently as well and there was no lack in the usual quality, it was excellent! The hummus is delicious and the gyro sandwich is one of my favorites. I have had the falafel also and recommend it. 5 stars because this is a just a great place for a meal in Rochester!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2012,2/21/2013,3,7,3,3,2>If you're young and you live in Rochester, you've probably heard about this unconventional, dark, loud, ultra-hipster weird bar with tattooed up bar tenders and cheap drinks. But please, fear not! Lux is honestly one of the best places in our fair city to grab a drink, chill with old friends and maybe make some new ones. Don't be intimidated by its facade, as 666 South Ave is a very welcoming atmosphere and offers some really cool and different attractions. Affordable drinks, funny chairs, a great outdoor area with a bonfire, pool table and a funky playlist set the mood, but each night of the week has something new to offer that most bars simply do not. From arts & crafts night, the standard but strange trivia, to the B-movie night on Wednesday, Lux always keeps it creative and fun. If you're just trying to get drunk and dance to the rotation of today's top-40 hits, Lux probably isn't you're style, but if you're looking to have a great time without all that B.S., Lux will welcome you with open arms.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,2/20/2013,1,4,1,4,2>Went to MEDA for the first time a couple weeks ago, was greeted by the owner who was as gracious as could be and who took the time to talk to us about his culture/background/food he is in the process of obtaining his beer/wine license and allows you to bring your drink of choice with NO CORKAGE FEE!  The food was unlike anything ive ever had and was delicious. A must try.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,2/19/2013,30,41,1,4,3>Best New York-style pizza in Rochester, hands down.  Their pizza typically has a crispy, thin crust and well apportioned, soft, gooey cheese.  If you work downtown and like pizza, this is an essential lunchtime eating spot.  Their Sicilian-style slices are also very good --- crispy, thick crust with a soft dough, and warm, garlic-seasoned tomato sauce.  One word of caution if you've never been and are going for the first time.  Their service is a little on the rude side, which isn't saying that the service is necessarily slow or unhelpful.  They remind me of the Soup Nazi from Seinfeld --- if you don't know what you want the second your turn is up to place your order, they won't be happy with you.  I guess its because this place is usually very busy at lunch and they need to move people along.  But the pizza always comes out fast and they always have many different kinds to choose from.  Prices are good too --- usually you can buy two slices for under 5 bucks.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,2/18/2013,84,227,,2,4>I've been to the Roller Derby a couple of times at the Dome Arena at the Fairgrounds and I easily got my moneys worth both times. Sure, I still don't fully understand the rules (even after referencing the rule book on the website) but I get enough to follow the action and understand when teams are doing something good. The scoreboard helps with that as well! Lots of effort being put out by the ladies and there is speed, skill and some very satisfying hitting to feast your eyes on. This last time, there were live announcers which were extra annoying and occasionally informative. Some people might like the constant noise of them babbling over the action but our group universally did not. Better off to let the play speak for itself I think. I'll make another visit next season probably and hope they find a decent venue while the Dome isn't available.Reasonably priced snacks and drinks too. Hope others go out and give the Roller Derby a try!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/17/2013,145,407,3,6,5>Had the lunch special Sashimi plate with soup (Miso) and salad (skipped the salad) Miso was very good, warm (not scalding hot) with a subtle flavor, in a word: enjoyable. As none  of my usual dining partners like "sushi," I usually have to go it alone, so it had been awhile since I have had the chance for some decent Sushi. This was worth the wait. Wonderful tasting fish, served up with some flair to the presentation. Very nice. Fairly priced.The Sashimi was cut just slightly thicker than I was expecting, which was great to enjoy. It was succulent to eat. Great texture and taste, I almost avoided the Wasabi and Soy completely, just enjoying the fish pure. Ah!I will confess to arriving both hungry and somewhat expectant due to others' Yelps, so I neglected to take any photos (bad) and had to remind myself to slow down and enjoy, rather than gorge on the deliciousness. (Om) So, for twenty minutes I was in near bliss, and lost my mind. So, I believe the selection was Salmon, Tuna, Flounder, and Yellow-tail with tiny orange roe as a garnish. With a nice portion of Gari (pickled ginger) and creamy Wasabi, very smooth and hot. I opted for a bowl of Sushi rice rather than brown rice. Yum. The Chef made my day (week) by comping me a plate of "extra" slices of Mackerel. 6 stars! It was all so tasty I almost ate the dry noodle and lettuce garnishes, they looked delicious, too. But I restrained myself. They even had good iced tea.I WILL BE BACK! Confession, for me, it is Nigiri is #1, Sashimi #2, and Maki (rolls) are #3. So take that and the other reviews for whatever you want. I did not see Nigiri on the Menu.Overall, the place was very clean, and very quiet for lunch (12:15 Wednesday) the only other people were a couple of takeout diners. While I enjoy sitting at the bar (3 seats) and dining while being right next to the Chef. There were tables with seating for about a dozen plus. Modestly decorated in black and red and wood (classic).There is a decent amount of parking behind the building (enter off Five Mile Line Rd). Go through the shared vestibule entrance, take the door on the right and walk down the short hallway to some great dining.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,10/5/2013,65,118,3,2,2>Food here is great and service is excellent. Staff are patient, kind, helpful and thoughtful. We go here for special occasions a few times per year, plus date nights and dinners just for fun. It's a favorite spot to do double dates and bring friends/family from out of town. Mom and I sometimes will go shopping at Wegmans across the street and then will come here for dinner on a weekday night. I will try to cover several dishes in this review.Bolognese: best ever.The bolognese is the best we have ever had. It has this delicious, flavorful, buttery and perfectly creamy juicy tomato 3-meat sauce with a touch of basil and nice, perfectly cooked, fresh-tasting orecchiette pasta. (Sorry about the run-on sentence, but this dish deserves continual praise.) The sauce is obviously the highlight. This dish is so simple looking, but so fantastic. If you want this dish and want to try a different main dish and are torn, just know that they are willing to kindly do an appetizer portion of the pasta for you. We have taken advantage of this a few times. When we bring family or out of towers here they are all surprised and impressed with the bolognese. Just try it - it is so, so good.Sushi/nigiri/sashimi: awesomeness.Husband's fav dishes here are the sushi. We are big sushi fans, and Next Door does a good job. I love some of their specific rolls (tsunami, red dragon & lava are favs) but we have also enjoyed their chef specials. Basically you get a ton of sashimi and nigiri on a plate and it's a mix of what the chef wants to prepare. It's a great way to try new things. Fish is perfect, as we have come to expect from Wegmans.Steaks:Love the flat iron and rib eye. I tried both 2 weeks apart. Delicious. The 3rd time I went this summer I tried the ribeye with the accoutrements that normally accompany the flatiron. They were happy to do that for me, as I liked the ribeye meat more, and the toppings from the flatiron more. The Gorgonzola cream fluff that they make is awesome. Ask for more if you need it. No charge. Truffle Mac & Cheese: fantastic. Try it. We are a bit of mac & cheese connoisseurs and we love it. My dad doesn't even like mac & cheese and he enjoyed it. Bouley Burger: now Dad is the burger connoisseur and he loves it. He is not the most adventurous, so he doesn't always try all the cool toppings available, but it's very good meat, perfectly cooked to his liking. The bites I've had have been yummy. English muffin is creative and not too much bread like a lot of places. Long Island duck breast is a favorite if mine here. Over the years they have prepared it differently and I have always enjoyed the new, creative ways they've tried things. Good quality duck, never greasy or tough and always perfectly cooked. Delicious!Sea scallops appetizer is excellent. Definitely get them. Perfectly seared with fantastic sauce. Love it. I would have these every day if I could!Bahn mi: really yummy, new take with the liverwurst (I've never seen that on a bahn mi at least) and delicious toppings. I loved it, but I can see how the flavors & textures might not be for everyone. House made fettuccini is seasoned with black garlic, which is kind of unusual and extremely earthy and rich tasting. It is definitely a unique and clever preparation for a signature pasta. The sunflower seed pesto is good against the goat cheese, which brightens the whole dish perfectly. It is a strong combination of flavors, so be prepared. I love it though, as do my mom & sister. Wine list has depth and breadth. Prices are fair compared with some other restaurants in Rochester, def still restaurant pricing though. All wines have been good quality. If you're on the fence about ordering something by the glass don't hesitate to ask for a small sample of one or two to compare. I also appreciate the knowledge of the folks from the bar side of the restaurant. They seem so well informed. It makes the drinks more enjoyable when you can learn about them (as another reviewer mentioned). My favorite cocktail is their take on the caipirinha. Also love the margarita. Any of their drinks can be made "mega-sized" like their marg can, for a fair upcharge.Next Door really has something for everyone. Seafood lovers are happy, meat lovers have steaks, pasta people have choices...and then they have some really unique and delicious takes on dishes. We always leave satisfied and look forward to bringing family & friends here several times per year.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,10/4/2013,164,83,1,6,3>I can be high maintenance when it comes to burgers. I like mine the following way: Burger should be made fresh, med-well (grilled or flat top doesn't matter), well seasoned with cheese melted on top at last possible moment. Build: bun, meat and cheese, grilled onions (if applicable), tomato (not to get the bread soggy),  lettuce, then additional toppings if applicable. A medium, but neat "slather" of mayo on the top bun only!! No hot mayo!! Fries, medium well, lightly crisped with a tender potatoey inside, lightly dusted with salt and pepper.I gave a version of these directions to the lady who took my order and my food came out exactly like I asked! With the exception of the salt and pepper on the fries. I added that myself. Definitely met my expectations. Usually people forget something, but I was impressed at how fresh my food tasted.I would agree with Stanley M. The top bun was cold, but  because you can't put cold mayo on a hot toasted bun, they should have brought it to room temp first.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,10/3/2013,1,10,3,3,2>Best cakes I've ever had in my life!!!!!!! My husband and I have already tasted all cakes in the counter. My favorite is chocolate raspberry torte, which is a perfect combination of richness of chocolate and acidity of raspberry. My husband loves pineapple and lemon cheesecake, which is less sweet than normal chocolate cakes.Every time I went there to have a slice of cake, I felt like in heaven.  I just cannot help closing my eyes to enjoy that sweet moment, even though it may look like an idiot.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,10/2/2013,39,86,,6,3>Great CSA + flower & herb shares! These include tons of events (family BBQ!), lots of u-picks and a few coupons. Great value. The fall activities are best for kids under 7. Lots to see and do, from the jumping pillow & hayrides to mini golf and batting cages. The pretend play activities make this a great spot to bring younger kids on a chilly fall day. *Look for the little mouse house inside, detailed & enchanting! They sell ice cream, baked goods, hot drinks, specialty cheeses, maple syrup and jams among other things. The hot & sweet honey mustard was perfection and the apple butter BBQ sauce is even better than it sounds. I could seriously put that sauce on everything. They also offer a pretty special story hour every week (I think, check their site). The kids grab donut holes and cider. Animals or visuals are often brought in to enhance the book theme. Just lovely. Space is available for birthday parties (at a good price!), corporate events & team building. They offer package discounts for groups of all kinds. Their website is very user friendly and up-to-date. If you sign up for updates they ACTUALLY send you coupons. Always see coupons in that  Valpak envelope we all get in the mail as well.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,10/1/2013,84,227,,10,5>The Ethiopian restaurants around Rochester have been in flux the last year or so. When I first started learning about the cuisine, Abyssinia was the only game in town and a visit for my friend's birthday was my first experience only having heard of the berbere spice blend and seasoned raw meat up until that point. The concept intrigued me but what I actually ate was an eye opener and whetted my appetite for more. Unfortunately they soon closed and we were left without a traditional style Ethiopian place for a long while. Luckily, the last year has brought a waterfall of three new openings to fill the void including the return of Abyssinia in the up and coming restaurant filled Mount Hope Plaza. I made a trip out there last week to see how they compared to their new competition.We stopped by on a quiet weekday and took our seats in the newly remodeled dining area. Comfortable and decidedly not modern with animal accents and tourism posters but still pleasant to my senses. We ordered the Abyssinia Special I for two which consists of Doro We't, Yebeg We't, Tibs Alicha and Spinach Gomen (by our request). Even though that is a good haul of food by itself the combo also comes with 3 vegetable based sides including Yatakilt We't, Mesir We't and Kik Alicha and a big basket full of rolled injera to grab at all the stews.Sampling the injera, I was impressed by the dense and airy consistency and the strong sourness of the pancake looking flat bread. Of the meats, my favorite was the yebeg we't (lamb cooked with berbere) with mild spice and a very savory sauce. The doro we't (chicken drumstick and egg with berbere) was tender in a similar sauce was also tasty  but I've got a thing for lamb. Tibs Alicha (beef cooked with turmeric) was a touch on the tough side for my tastes but still acceptable with the clean sauce. All the sauces have a good amount of oil (likely in the form of butter [edit: my friend Naz commented that it is likely the Ethiopian version of clarified butter called niter kibbeh. And now you know!]) and are a touch heavy without the veggie elements. All the sauces soak into the injera and those moist bites are some of the best on the whole plate.To my eyes, the standouts are the vegetable focused items led by the spinach gomen. Braised spinach with plenty of garlic and onion and a well balanced acidity level just popped with flavor and was my favorite item on the plate. Mesir We't and Kik Alicha were soft and well cooked without completely turning into mush.  They worked well separately and together with the braised meats everything sings.We came in hungry but almost all the injera and the food disappeared quickly and completely satisfied us. After finishing our meal, I'd say that Abyssinia is our current favorite Ethiopian restaurant in town. We still have to try Zemeta and Natural Oasis to get a more complete look at the competition, but for now Abyssinia leads the pack for us! For pictures and comments please see my review at Food About Town.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,9/30/2013,67,135,4,6,3>I have a friend who has been to every major league ball park in the nation.  Though it's not MLB, Frontier Field is #6 on his list of favorite ballparks anywhere.  The best thing about Frontier Field is the live organ music.  It's simply the way baseball was meant to be heard.Every seat has a great view, and if you don't like your seat, you can always join the ball-scrambling little ones on the grassy knoll, stand along the home-run fence in the outfield, or grab a table just past right field (or is it left field? I can never remember if it's from the catcher's or a fielder's perspective...).  The food is spec-tac-u-lar and includes many Rochester favorites.  I recommend hanging a slight right when you enter the stadium and grabbing a Rohrbach's Blueberry Ale.  For dinner,  try the buffalo mac n cheese from Say Cheese or the roast beef sandwich from Red Osier.There's often fireworks after the game, which are a treat as long as you're not expecting 4th of July madness.  And they let the kids run the bases when it's all over.Did I mention they play baseball here?  That's pretty cool, too.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,9/29/2013,1,8,,1,2>Ok, so here we are craving some junk, diner food. But it's Friday evening and we had no idea where to go.... when we stumbled upon Marks. Wait staff, excellent. Food comes to you quick and the waitress knew the menu by heart. I love these little "hole in the wall diners" but I haven't found a good one in Rochester..... until now. The food was so good. It's like your grandmomma is in the kitchen cooking while you wait. I recommend ordering your fries extra crispy, YUM. The garbage plate was so good, I have been craving it since we left. The grilled cheese is to die for. I can't say enough about this place, it's a great little diner for good CHEAP food. And we know we all want good CHEAP food. My only complaint is the bathroom, ugh. Pee before you go:)
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,9/28/2013,9,15,,2,1>I had the Manhattan Chicken (chicken salad with toasted almonds and grapes) and loved it!  You can taste the quality of the ingredients used and the sub rolls are the best I have had in Rochester.The building itself has a great atmosphere and really fits the food.  While it is not the cheapest place, the portions are large and I definitely felt like it was a good value for the quality.This is what a deli/café should be.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,9/27/2013,134,403,,7,3>Bounce only offers classes- it isn't a gym. I'm all about classes. Their classes are VERY good. Of course, peak hour instructors (usually Christine the owner) are awesome. I don't really like Zumba and she has me loving it. I also love their Hip Hop Hustle! Booty Bounce is painful but a great workout.Ultimately, the music is great, the instructors are consistently good, and I get a great work out.Your first class is FREE! They offer a lot of LivingSocial/Groupon deals- 10 classes for $20 which is a great value. If you take a 30mn class, they'll only count it as half a class. Pretty nice. The location is a little weird but once you figure it out, it's no big deal. Great place!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,9/26/2013,38,46,,3,2>I work around the corner from Zen and was looking for a quick gel mani, which is all I can review about and nothing to do with a pedi at this point.  I called earlier in the day and spoke with Kim. She confirmed the price (GREAT price for a gel by the way!!) and asked if I'd like to make an appt. She penciled me in for 5:45p and when I walked in (a bit early), she greeted me by name.  That was very welcoming!She was mid-pedi with another customer so she pointed me to the direction of the polishes and said she would be over shortly. I picked my color from a decent size selection of gels and helped myself to some delicious Keurig coffee on this chilly day.  I maybe waited 10 more minutes while Kim finished up and then she was over to me.  She did a great job, made sure I was happy with the color and actually adjusted to a different color when she could tell I wasn't too happy with my selection and I sat through the drying process before heading out. Even with the wait, I was in and out in 40 minutes!  Credit cards accepted, tips preferred in cash. Service was great. Location is good with some beauty from the canal, prices are definitely competitive. Small salon but perfect for a quick stop in or some 1:1 time with a gf.I have a nail place on Monroe Ave that I absolutely love and rave about as often as possible to everyone I know.  They have a mani-pedi combo that they do a fantastic job on with a price that can't be beat.  I was sure there wasn't another nail salon in town that was comparable until now...
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,12/4/2013,1,16,2,4,6>A pretty new place, replacing another restaurant that for whatever reason went out of business.What is remarkable is the contrasts.  This could be due to its newness and the newness of its staff of waiters (but they are perfectly competent; just new to their jobs, I sense, but do a fine job).  The kitchen staff though, I understand, is not new to their work.  It showed in my burger.  I had a specialty burger that was half brisket and half sirloin.  Let that sink in.  Ever hear of that before?  Me neither.  I had to try it, and was pleasantly surprised.  It seems to be the kind of thing one can easily mess up, but they didn't.  It was quite tasty and generously appointed.  I had onion rings instead of chips and they were on the mark; onion rings are often over- or under-done.  These were on the money.Some have said the dining room is a bit noisy.  Yes, people seem to feel relaxed and ready to converse.  Perhaps it's that it's well-lit and at its heart, it's a bar with a big dining room-- not a big dining room with a bar.  But that's what makes it unusual, and aside from the good food, worth the visit.  It may seem a bit remotely-placed, and indeed, for city folk and people in the northern 'burbs, it is.  But if you live in the area or even in the more southern parts of the city, it's a good dining option.  The selection of drinks, BTW, is impressive.  The bar is adequately stocked with a wide range of liquors, cocktails, wines, and beers.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,12/3/2013,1,34,,2,1>Great steak and eggs. And the sautéed banana pancakes are out of this world. It's always busy on the weekends so be prepared to wait. And there isn't much room to wait! Service is hit or miss. Sometimes you can sit for a long time waiting to be seen, or to get your bill. Other than that no complains. Food is on point. Coffee is excellent. I've only been here for lunch a couple times. Decent burgers.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/2/2013,3,6,1,3,1>Lived in the Rochester area 65 years but had never heard of Zeppa Bistro. Wanted someplace close to Geva Theatre, but wanted something different as well. Found Zeppa on the Internet so we gave it a try. Almost reminded me of an old "speakeasy" kind of place. It is in the basement floor of the old German House, and has that old charm look and feel. Lots of candles lit to set the mood, a huge bar, and plenty of dining space. Not a big menu, but there were lots of specials to add to the choices. Very different menu items, with combinations of different ingredients and entree items you would normally expect. As we were going to a play after, we didn't want to eat too heavy.I ordered the Chopped Burger, which came with bibb lettuce, tomato, a fried egg, and fries. The fries were with the skin on and were exceptional. The burger was so tall I tried cutting it in half to eat it. But it was also so juicy that it was a gigantic mess. So I ate the rest open faced and enjoyed every morsel. Even the pickles on the side were great, sliced almost 1/2 inch and very garlicky. Our friend ordered a "starter" lamb kabobs as his entree, and could barely finish it, it was huge. Our wives had Pot Belly Pork and Black Bean Quesadilla, and both loved them.Excellent wine choices, and I had Prosecco. With drinks the bill for my wife and I was $40, and we were both very full and very satisfied. Definetly will go again, and next time try one of the nightly menu specials not on the menu.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,12/1/2013,134,403,3,3,2>I've done yoga a ton off and on but am by no means a "yogi" (and don't really want to be called one, thanks). This place offers a first timer two week unlimited pass for $20 and I'll be real- that got me HOOKED.I've tried almost all of their classes/instructors a few times by now and really love this place. My favs:-variation of classes-heated to 75-80 degrees (not so hot you'll pass out, but warm enough to get nice and deep in the poses)-very modest, non judgmental space to practice yoga-knowledgeable instructors who spend more time correcting poses than hanging out up front-music that isn't just monks chantingA few downsides:-when the classes get full, you are incredibly close to your neighbors-it's in a house so you can hear the tenants above moving around/noise from the street-now that it's winter when people come in during the beginning of class, it gets really cold-no water fountainsPrice? Better for students but there is a $85 unlimited pass for a month. Honestly, if you are doing 3-4 classes a week, that's the best option for you. If you do 3 a week- that's only $7 a class- for the quality of instruction- that's a steal. Tru, I'm into it.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,11/30/2013,30,27,,2,2>As I've mentioned in other reviews, we're new to the area.  Thankfully, all of the online reviews led us to Guido's Pasta Villa for an amazing meal this past Friday evening.  Can you say Yuh-HUM-mee?!?!?!?  We loved the calamari-special, the Chicken French over ziti, the seafood pasta, and the tiramisu.  Our server was *wonderful* -- truly hospitable, and you felt as if she was welcoming yo to her home to make you feel special.  Bonus: the regulars heard we were new to town and started "arguing" over which Italian Bakeries are the best, and which other Italian Restaurants to consider.  Good times, good times!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2013,11/29/2013,66,620,,7,4>So happy to have tried this place - finally!! It's not in an obvious location and has kind of a tattered appearance on the outside. I really enjoyed the take out because of its Cantonese slant, which I prefer to Mandarin or Szechuan cooking.We ordered the beef chow fun, Chinese greens and roast pork over rice. The beef chow fun had amazing wok-hay, that lovely savory smoky flavor that comes from cooking in a hotly oil-and-watered wok. Great slippery texture of the noodles and just the right amount of sauce. The Chinese greens were also very good with a very light, almost clear, garlic sauce that let the crunchy texture and slightly bitter taste of the greens shine. My favorite dish, however, was the roast pork. The meat itself wasn't the amazing part, it was the rice. Served in true homestyle, the rice was coated with dark sweet soy sauce, complementing the saltiness of the pork. It was a really simple but delicious dish that tasted like it was cooked at home. Total for all three dishes with tax was $24 and it was ready in 10 minutes. Chopsticks will be my new go-to take-out from now on. I can't speak of the Americanized Chinese dishes because I didn't try them, but the Cantonese ones have a more traditional homestyle flair than I'm used to in Rochester.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,11/28/2013,118,100,3,5,4>I love me some Marshall Street Bar and Grill.  Last night my boyfriend and I decided to do our own little pub crawl! One of our stops was Marshall Street Bar and Grill.  I really love this place.  It's nothing special as far as atmosphere, but the people are great, food is DELICIOUS and the specials are always good! My boyfriend and I ordered Irish Nachos and the Breakfast burger.  Freaking amazing.  Everyone needs to get the Breakfast burger.  It's a burger in-between French toast bread with an egg and maple syrup.  It's just amazing.  And their Irish nachos were delicious! I love Bar food and this is a place where you can go and get some amazing bar food! I hear their happy hours are pretty awesome too, I will have to check that out next time!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,11/27/2013,30,16,,6,5>Sometimes, you really just want a burger.  And I did.At the same time, I had some serious criteria overall.  I didn't want a joint that was like a "good time sports bar!" (i.e. MacGregor's or The Distillery); I wanted some place more pubby (like Donnelly's or the Tap) and I wanted a bar or pub that had a decent beer selection.And here's where I can say Yelp! was a factor in my choice.  I'd completely forgotten about the Elmwood Inn.My wife and I hit the place up this past Saturday night, and it wasn't terribly busy (we went around 5:30-6pm).  We sat in the bar area, since we're just cool like that, and started off with a couple of beers.  Unfortunately, the keg was flat or the line was off, as both of them (Smithwick's) arrived flat.  The upside?  This was the only low point of our experience there.We shared one of the combo app platters -- which was nothing ground-breaking, but satisfied our craving for fried food -- and then I opted for the World Series burger while the Mrs. had the steak salad.  The steak salad was huge, definitely an "entree portion," and my burger was exactly what I wanted.  It was cooked correctly, loaded with bacon and A1, and hit the spot.  Plus, there were more than enough draft beers to keep me happy -- and to help me get more badges on my Untappd app, since I am a complete nerd when it comes to that.  The whole time we were there, music was provided by 96.5 WCMF (not a live dj, they just had the radio on) and it was mellow.  Now, the question's going to pop up -- why not the Distillery?  As other reviewers have mentioned, it's down the street on Mt. Hope...as is the Bunga Burger Bar.  To be honest, we wanted less noise and less television.  It's one of the features of the Tap & Mallet that we like -- no tv altogether -- although I'm cool with a couple.  I'm not anti-sports bar, I just knew that for a quieter evening of good food and beers, I'm happier with a place like the Elmwood, and I would go back.This is not to say it wouldn't be busier/louder on other nights or at other times, especially so in the bar (I'd guess), but I have a hunch it'd be acceptable by anyone's standards.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,11/26/2013,49,92,,2,1>I don't know what took me so long to get here!  Came with a friend on a Friday night -- we had to wait a bit (which she alleged had never happened to her before, which is possibly true?  The staff seemed very overwhelmed).  But we were ok with that.  We had brought our own bottle of wine and got to drink it out of teacups!  Adorbs.We shared the pork steamed buns (YUM) and the crab ragoon (SUPER YUM).  We each had a noodle dish, which was yummy and greasy, but sort of what I was expecting.  Dinner was super cheap (About $25 for two) and relatively quick to come to the table.I'll definitely be back!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,11/25/2013,7,15,2,16,5>My GF took me here last night for dinner to celebrate for my birthday. This was my third or fourth time here since they opened. The atmosphere, style and layout of the restaurant is amazing. It's really one of the nicest and stylish semi-casual restaurants in Rochester. This restaurant would be right at home in a big city like NYC or LA. I'm part Brazilian and have been to a few churrascarias across Brazil, and Espada is a little more stylish and different than the ones down there, but this isn't a bad thing. They have their own twist and it works. For those unfamiliar with churrascarias, the premise is similar to a buffet, but with the distinction of having a wide selection of freshly grilled meats brought directly to your table on large sword-like skewers, which you can have the passadore(the guys who bring out the meat) carve a slice off for you. You indicate whether you want them to stop by your table with a card that you either flip up for go or down for stop. Side dishes are available at a buffet. Our server was attentive and friendly, starting us off with some drinks. I ordered a passion fruit caipirinha, which was delicious. The passion fruit actually tasted like real fresh passion fruit, not some canned variety. My GF ordered the Amazoni, which she loved. The side dish buffet was outstanding. They have many of the same things that traditional Brazilian steakhouses have, including Feijoada, tabouleh, salad and a number of fresh and light options to balance the meat. All were very fresh, flavorful and well presented and prepared.We each ordered the Gold package(at $45 a person), as the offerings that come with it like lamb, prime rib, etc were outstanding and we loved them from our previous visits. The difference between the two packages that were available to us on this Friday was about $20 - $25. It was a little frustrating though, because the vast majority of the meat coming out were the cheaper options. We started eating at 8:30, and the restaurant was full, but not completely packed, so we were kind of perplexed as to why the full range of meats wasn't available at what should be peak time for the restaurant.The most annoying part was that a couple of the guys bringing out the different cuts of meat that we wanted repeatedly passed us by, one of them in particular. We clearly had our Gold cards out in the go position, but he breezed right past us 4 or 5 times. I finally mentioned this to the server, and to his credit, he immediately asked us if there was anything in particular that we wanted and went back to let them know to stop at our table. Though we did get a little tiny morsel of lamb and a couple pieces of the other cuts we wanted, we did leave feeling a little cheated by having purchased the Gold option. I will definitely be back here, as the good far outweighs the minor shortcomings, and it's great to have a restaurant like this in Rochester. I don't think I will ever purchase the Gold package again though. You just don't get enough of a chance at the nice selections of meat. They need to school the passadores a little bit too, as far as being attentive to all tables.In summary, an amazing restaurant with delicious food and a great concept. Highly recommended, 4 out of 5 stars.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,4/24/2014,35,203,2,8,4>Absolutely wonderful. I would suggest that you go upstairs and put your name in prior to exploring the museum and tasting room.  The pretzels with mustard are amazing.  I had the chicken sandwich which tasted like it just came off the backyard grill, really juicy and tasty. Husband had the sausage platter which he enjoyed and our friend had a burger that he said was great. In the summer they have a roof top area to enjoy your beer but they do to serve food up there.  Lots of outdoor seating on the balcony and picnic tables on the patio.  Great well lit parking with plenty of spots. Great addition to downtown.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/23/2014,29,220,,5,3>It's pretty rare that I feel like I've died and gone to Texas with a BBQ place in Rochester.  However, Dinosaurs BBQ is a strong contender, with plenty of selections of Texas-style (and Memphis-style) BBQ on the menu.  I can't believe I've waited this long to visit.For a weekday lunch, Dinosaur BBQ was packed, though they seated me very quickly.  Lunch arrived at my table about 5 minutes later.  So, don't be intimidated by the crowd at lunchtime.  You'll be able to get back to work in an hour.  Dinosaur BBQ also seems to have a takeout counter for those who can't dine in.My entree selection was the brisket and pork BBQ plate, with mashed potatoes and collards.  The beef brisket was tender and tasty reminding me of a lot of my favorite BBQ places in Texas.  Pork BBQ was also solid-- though I would have liked a North Carolina style BBQ instead.  Bring on the vinegar!  Mashed potatoes with brown gravy were unremarkable-- except that, to be a true Texas place, cream gravy would be better.'Honey hush' cornbread was a nice accompaniment, though I'd like another option since the sauces are so sweet anyway.  A savory bread (or just a slice of plain white bread) would be more typical of southern BBQ places.  If you're going fancy, what about jalapeño cornbread or a slice of Texas toast? Collards were just okay.  I love some good collards, but these are better off skipped for anyone who is at all particular about their collards.  They tasted a bit like they were prepared days ago-- which I'm not sure is entirely necessary, since collards are fairly cheap to prepare.  I needed to add a bit of the "Devil's Duel" habanero hot sauce to make them a bit more edible.  They taste much better with burn your lips off hot sauce like Devil's Duel. Iced tea was my beverage choice-- though I understand that they also have 'sweet tea' available.  They also seem to have a decent beer selection for those who are enjoying adult beverages on their lunch break.  I skipped desert because most of the options did not look all that alluring.  Can we get some peach cobbler on the menu please?Service was prompt and excellent from the very pregnant server.  I missed her name-- but Dinosaur BBQ needs to keep her around.  She was working a very large section and was not phased by the rush.  Iced tea was refilled promptly.  Cheers to the pregnant server!Rochester is still a far step away from real BBQ country-- but Dinosaur BBQ seems to be one of the best options in Rochester.  This place will tide you over until your next visit south, and is worth a lunch visit.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/22/2014,30,27,4,9,10>Thank you, Yelp, for directing my boyfriend and I here for amazing pizza!  The price is right, the service is quick, the crust is thin & crispy and ethereal -- almost snaps when you eat it -- DEEEEEEE-Lish!  The only thing I would change is that they would deliver to your home and/or be open on weekends.  But I respect their craft enough that neither of these count against them at all.  GREAT pizza -- don't delay going!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,4/21/2014,15,70,4,8,4>Joe's Brooklyn makes one of the best pizzas around.  Its pizzas are different from Tony D's (another 5-star in my book) and I haven't yet tried the Pizza Stop, but man....   I love Joe's pizza.     (More than any other place I've been, it actually reminds me a bit of some pizza places in Rome, Italy... but before you shoot me, this is a 10-year old memory).If my abode wasn't so far away, this would be my regular pizza-for-dinner source.  Nonetheless, I've picked up a pie for the 30 minute commute before.  The Grandpa's Pizza is my favorite (it has a little kick from the garlic).
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,4/20/2014,39,86,,11,8>We keep coming back for the citrus gin! Clean and fresh so it makes a great summer drink with bitters and seltzer. I added a bottle to a Rochester themed gift basket for some out of town guests and it was a hit! I love that they use local grains and donate the used oats. Very much a LOCAL business. Attention to detail and focus on quality is apparent in their space and product. Excited to hear live music is on the calendar. Distillery/Bar is located right across from The Public Market. Plenty of street parking. Great spot.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,4/19/2014,50,152,,8,4>Cook's World is one of the very few cookery stores in Rochester located on Monroe Ave halfway between the city and Pittsford I'd say, and it is absolutely stellar.  They have so many different eclectic and uncommon kitchen items in stock in addition to the standard equipment any home cook might need that there's a perfect niche for anyone who might enter.  For a baker like myself, it's absolutely a paradise because they have so much more than what you'd find at anywhere like Bed, Bath, and Beyond or Wegmans.  They underwent some renovations maybe a year or two ago and now the store is much easier to browse, has a really clean look to it, and is really able to showcase all of the cool products - especially in front!  Seasonal items also come into stock every once in awhile as the holidays pop up from what I've seen.  Whether you're looking for coffees, syrups, extracts, pans, mixers, knives, bread makers, pressure cookers, or anything, this is the place to go - and not only that, the price is almost always right!  They tend to discount everything from their MSRPs which is just asking me to take these items off of their hands.I love this place.  Friendly staff, a lot of niche supplies, and a whole lot of local Rochester spirit.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,4/18/2014,72,90,,4,3>Both times I have been here everything was delicious and executed well. My most recent visit was for my birthday dinner, and I was very pleased!My friend started with the simple field green salad ($7), while I started with the shaved brussel sprout salad ($10). Brussel sprout dishes have become a trendy dish lately and are one of my new food obsessions! They nailed it with this salad. I really enjoyed the dressing along with the crunch of the candied hazelnuts. The roasted beet and goat cheese log thing that it came with wasn't really my thing. It was like a vegetable jello... For our entrees, I got the turkey breast ($19) and my friend got the squid ink fettuccine ($23). The fettuccine was cooked to perfection along with the calamari. It was extremely salty though, but our waiter stated it was naturally salty because of the pancetta, calamari, and clam sauce. Irregardless, it was a great dish and our second time ordering it. My turkey breast entree was spot on. Juicy white turkey breast with a crisp skin on top of a butternut squash purée and chestnut risotto. Only thing I would suggest is to lay back on the purée since there was a thick layer covering the entire plate.Avvino definitely attracts an older yuppy crowd. Both of my visits I have been the only one under 40, but it doesn't bother me because I am an old soul. I would choose getting dressed up and enjoying a classy dinner here over going out and getting trashed at a bar with friends anyday!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,4/17/2014,11,14,,6,3>We are always finding awesome reasons to go back to the Rochester Museum & Science Center again and again. If you haven't seen the singing Tesla coils yet, it is a must. Each show is a little different and it is such a fun experience. Wish there was a way they could have the coils perform with the RPO (safely of course). My toddler cannot stop talking about going back. He recently spent an entire day there (10 am to 5PM) starting with a show at the planetarium with "Karl the Robot", and ending with Math Midway (current exhibit). But it's not just for kids. The museum is now offering adult only events a few times a year too. We went the the After Dark Party in October and LOVED it! The party was a sci-fi themed event with food, a dance floor, live science experiments and a cash bar on each level. Many attendees wore incredible costumes! I can't wait for the next After Dark event.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,4/16/2014,12,10,,7,4>Lucas is worth the trip to the end of Main Street in East Rochester.  It's a lovely small establishment that offers, in my opinion, the best pizza in Rochester. The owners work the ovens behind the counter and greet every customer with a cheerful smile. Now about the Pizza! It's outstanding. Their sauce is incredible, the toppings are as fresh as can be and the crust is delicious! We also tried their gluten free pizza. The crust was excellent and my GF daughter loved it. Their large pizzas are HUGE. I highly recommend Lucas. Give them a try!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,4/15/2014,0,5,,6,3>Love being able to pick single beers out of a 6-pack this store is the ideal place to stop for a beer tasting, staff is great let us try the draft beers they had as well. Highly suggest stopping in here for some choice craft beer
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,9/1/2014,13,22,,6,5>I have been taking my wheaten terrier here for just about 3 years. Emily and her crew at Dogs at Play are WONDERFUL!!!! I feel like my dog is in excellent hands. He loves it when we arrive in the morning and is tired when I pick him up. They have cameras so you can watch your dog while they are there however I have never taken advantage of this because I'm working! My hours vary and it makes me happy to know my dog is not at home alone for long hours. The prices are fair and reasonable and the hours 7a - 7p are excellent. I would not consider taking my dog anywhere else except Dogs at Play.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,8/31/2014,19,134,1,7,6>This place won Rochester's BEST Donut shop. I haven't sampled many of Donuts Delite's selection... ONLY have come for the CANNOLI DONUT. Yup, you read that right, a cannoli donut. It. Is. UNREAL. Want to say they are like $2+ per pop but sooooo worth it!!!!!! Num num num!The store is so retro and cool! Love the decor! The store also is Salvatore's pizza. Haven't ordered from this location, like I said, strictly Cannoli Donut Stop. Haha. From reading other posts, might have to try some of their other donuts. Will be moving to NC soon so might have one last stop here before leaving.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/30/2014,129,393,3,5,3>Great fish fry! One of the few places that get everything right... it's one thing to get the fish right, then add great fries and tasty cole slaw. All the right ingredients for your classic haddock fish fry. Lively atmosphere, great selection of beers and a decent Riesling for the Duchess.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,8/29/2014,63,111,2,7,5>Garden Factory has been a staple in Chili and surrounding areas for several years now. It has grown by leaps and bounds which is nice because they have such an enormous selection of pretty much anything you're searching for in gardening. Our whole front yard is filled with various plants, trees and bushes from the Garden Factory. As far as prices go, they do have sales on a variety of flowers, mulch and much more throughout the summer. For quick price comparisons, I would say that Home Depot across the street did have a cheaper deal on a few flowers. However, Garden Factory beats Home Depot on mulch and other flowers that are on sale in bunches of 4 for $12 or 5 for $20 deals.  Overall, the quality of Garden Factory's flowers appears to be a step above the rest. I should note that if you're looking for cheap items, this should not be your first stop. Going to the public market might be a better option for those on a budget. Be sure to check out their weekly ad on the website for reference too.If you're looking for an experience and options for your personal or professional needs, this is definitely the place to go.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,8/28/2014,21,94,6,7,7>When I eat out, burgers are not the first thing that come to mind.  I can easily pass up a burger, but not Charlie's burger.  Wow, my mouth waters when I think about Charlie's burgers now that I've tried it!  We shared a garbage plate and the cheeseburger was so juicy, tender, and seasoned very well.  Topped it with the meat sauce that packs a kick and my taste buds were screaming, yes, give me more!
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,8/27/2014,54,98,2,5,5>We had a wonderful first experience there a few weekends ago. We found a beautiful shaded area along the creek with a picnic table and it was a great environment for a family day at the park. Everything was green, lush, and well-maintained. The only downside was that the bathrooms were closed which was a bit tricky for my nephews (aged 3 and 4). But overall... great public park!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,8/26/2014,134,403,1,11,10>The customer service here is top notch- super friendly and knowledgeable staff that are happy to help make your experience as comfortable and relaxing as possible.You start in the main lobby- it's heated and warm. They check you in and take care of payment. There's water and tea for you as you wait. Currently, 90mns are $65 but it can be as low as $45 for with a contract.When it's time, you go to your room. They give you basic instructions pre, during and post float. Then you are on your own.Inside the room is a tank and a shower. You are instructed to shower first (bring glasses if you wear contacts), put some petroleum jelly on any cuts  and then head into the tank whenever you are ready.I won't go too in depth but basically you are in complete silence and darkness for 90mns. I personally spent a lot of time trying to figure out what I should do. I did fall into a deeply relaxed state a few times during the session...All and all, interesting experience. Not sure yet if I will go again but Bodymind is a fantastic place to start if you want to give floating a try.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,8/25/2014,35,51,3,5,6>I'll admit it, I'm a nerd and love the library. This is my favorite one (that I've been to) in Monroe county.It's huge, and if it's your first time there may seem overwhelming. The library is actually 2 buildings, which are connected by an underground tunnel that goes under South Ave. If you're there, definitely check out the tunnel, as they're always changing it up with art from local artists. The people that work here are great, and have always been more then helpful when it comes to finding things. There's always plenty of people working too, so never real a wait in line to check out books. Have a favorite author? Tell one of the employees and they'll give you a ton of suggestions for other new authors/books to read. I did this with one of the employees and she then informed me that mine was to be speaking in the area soon. My only qualm is that it can sometimes be hard to find parking nearby, especially if you go around lunchtime. There's no free parking, which is pretty standard for downtown. The bike racks also have a tendency to get pretty full, especially when school isn't in session.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,8/24/2014,13,48,8,6,6>Studying late at Javas... you know how it is you get so wrapped up in the fact that you don't know any of your lesson plan and the test is just around the corner but you can't seem to focus because the world keeps spinning and spinning and wait.... I'm hungry! LOL.... Walked over to Moe's and wanted to smack myself in the head for even thinking of eating at this place!  There is not that much hunger in me... not at all!  Thought about Dim Sum, never lets me down but I was in the mood for FOOOOOOD not appetizers.  Stromboli Express?? Is that the name? Really? Okay, whatever.  Asked the waitress/cashier/short order cook if the sub special was any good.  She looked at me and asked "what do you want me to make for you?" Thought I would throw her a curve, roast beef and turkey, banana peppers, sweet peppers, flavored oil, lettuce, provolone, pepper jack and tomato on the side.First of all... the bread!!!!! Shakes the camera for effect...THE BREAD!!! All the ingredients were fresh, not too wet not too dry! and I got chips and a drink with it! WHAT!?!?!?  Found the late night spot just have to remember they close at nine.This place is the end.... wow my sub is A LOT! That's all I can say....Enjoy.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2014,8/23/2014,44,33,4,8,6>Maria's. I just met a Mexican place named Maria's. And it was the most beautiful mexican food in Rochester (to this date) I ever had. Maria's...The West Side Story for Mexican food is pretty lame. (see what I did there?) So we traveled to Webster, sent by multiple friends and co-workers, to this colorful restaurant in the downstairs level of an old school/church/community building. The minute I walked in and smelled Maria's, I knew it was special. It has the chotkes and the good music and the cactus in the window. It's the kind of sunny Mexican spot that I've been craving since I moved here.Get the fajitas, and a side of sour cream--that is my only complaint about this place (it didn't come on there on its own). The soft, pillowy flour tortillas are the way to go. The chicken is butterflied and golden, and the platter comes with lettuce, tomato, rice and guacamole to fill the tortilla. The chips here leave something to be desired (okay two complaints), but I have since returned three times to get more of Maria's fajitas. The service is great, the tortillas at least taste fresh, and it's just a fun experience. Snap, snap I'm ready for the next stomach rumble.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,2/16/2013,96,358,,6,2>Free drinks, a scalp massage, hot towels... sorry, where was I? Going to Fusion is a fun and relaxing experience. The atmosphere is chill and hip, the staff focused and talented. I've seen Nico many times and he always helps me figure out the right cut, gives me ways to style it, and really puts in extra care, thought, and time. Some of my friends go to Andrea, and I've heard amazing things about Jes. These guys are top notch! A little on the pricey side (depends on who you see) but ask about student discounts.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,2/15/2013,1,5,,1,1>My favorite Italian Restaurant in Rochester. My wife and I always start with the house make ricotta and the arancini.The clam sauce is the best I've ever had. Plus the specials always make it hard to choose what to order. The wait staff is amazing and they know every dish they serve. Dining room is small and intimate... Make reservations early.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,2/14/2013,61,109,,7,3>The best place in Rochester to grab some Indian food. They have absolutely everything- the spice level of the choices there is great too. Typically Indian restaurants have trouble with the spice levels they put into their food- its usually too spicy or not spicy enough. Tandoor Of India hits the nail right on the head. If you're hesitant about heading here for the first time I would recommend introducing yourself by trying the daily lunch buffet- absolutely delicious!!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/13/2013,129,393,,5,2>I've been an off an on regular of Jim's since 1997. Used to live around the corner, used to take my car to Bob & Earls until we switched to Vesa's Automotive on Culver & University. Whenever I take my car for service @ Vesa's I drop it off and then hie on down to Jim's for breakfast. As my photo states, this is the ultimate neighborhood hang. Even if you move out of the neighborhood (as I did) or have never lived in the Browncroft Neighborhood. Every time I come here it's always the same... which is pretty good! No inconsistent service or food. The wait staff is pretty busy & incredibly efficient. Food, as other reviewers have stated, is inexpensive & plentiful. You CAN dine here without dropping a tenner for breakfast. My favorite meal here is breakfast, which for me is the late riser. Two eggs, potatoes, meat, toast juice & coffee. Eggs ALWAYS done properly, potatoes ALWAYS cooked to the right temp, Toast ALWAYS toasted well. You get the picture. Coffee is always fresh & hot & refills are plentiful. You can if you want to, bring your mug in and have it hanging alongside the others, ready to go. It's a neighborhood thing. If you come to Jim's often, you'll feel as if you're a neighbor...
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,2/12/2013,25,56,3,6,3>Best Jamaican food in Rochester, hands down (and this is coming from a guy who has been to all of them).  Relatively new, and I don't think the word is out there about this place, as small restaurants rely mostly on word of mouth.  Wow, is this place good.The breakfast menu (yes, they are open for breakfast!) consists of Jamaican staples: Callaloo, Ackee and Saltfish, Liver and Kidneys, and multiple kinds of porridge (varieties rotate daily).  I haven't made it there to sample the breakfast menu yet, so this review reflects my many lunch experiences there.The menu consists of Ox-Tails, Curry Goat, Pepper Steak, Stewed Chicken, stewed kingfish, steamed fish, and of course Jerk Chicken.  All are based on availability, but the fish dishes seem to be the only ones that are sometimes not available, though sometimes he runs out of things later in the evening, which is completely understandable for a small Establishment such as this.  That said, he's never been out of anything I have ever ordered.  There are also daily specials Cowfoot (Wednesdays), Tripe & Beans (Thursday), Stewed Peas (Friday).The Ox Tails are ridiculous good.  The best I've ever had, bar none.  The gravy is delicious and savory, so much so that you just want to lick the container clean when you are done.  Nicely spiced, but not overdone.  The Ox Tails are so good, he knows what I'm going to order before I even say a word.  The Jerk Chicken is amazing here as well.  The chicken is tender and smokey, with just the right amount of kick in the jerk sauce.  If you want more heat, there are an array of hot sauces (Jamaican and others) to add some spice.  Some Scotch Bonnet sauce will cure that need for heat right quick!  The Curry Goat is fantastic as well, but you'd better love the curry if you order it!  I've also tried the stewed chicken and pepper steak, both were delicious.  You really can't go wrong at this place.  All meals come with cabbage, a few plantains, and a choice of white rice, yellow rice, or rice & peas.His rice (choice of  is also very consistent and delicious.  The rice and peas does not play the filler or side dish role at this joint, it's delicious by itself!  I came here for lunch the day after I ate dinner at Black & Blue (not a fan).  For about a fifth of the price, we feasted on a ridiculous amount of delicious Jamaican food, and the meal was about 10 times better than Black & Blue.  The rice & peas was so Delicious, I declared that if I was given a choice of the meal I had at Black & Blue or just a bowl of the rice & peas, I would take the rice & peas without a second thought.He also has an array of soups, with a different offering each day, so you have to ask what the soup of the day is.  The Red Pea & Cow Foot soup (usually offered on Thursdays) is silly good.  Spicy and just perfect, packed with fresh spices (sometimes you find the sprigs and leaves in the broth!).  I've also had his Chicken Soup, Chicken Foot Soup, Goat Head Soup (AKA Mannish Chowder), and Red Pea soup.  All were good, but nothing beats the Red Pea & Cow Foot!There is a small parking lot on the Dewey on the south side of the building, the neighborhood is not bad at all for the city.  Everything is served in takeout containers, but there are a few tables to sit and eat at if you wish to eat in.  The soup is served in Styrofoam drink cups (I've seen it in other small takeout places, which is kind of ingenious.  It keeps the soup warm, and also makes it portable.  Nice.A nice note here is that unlike many smaller local places, Better Choice is consistent as hell.  He has never had an "off day" that I've experienced.  Every time I've gone, I've gotten a great meal at a very reasonable price.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,2/11/2013,56,32,,7,1>If you're down for a deal any night of the week, Zeppa Bistro is the place for you.Zeppa in Italian means "wedge". Perhaps Owners Kenneth Holenbeck and Seth Lindahl  chose the name Zeppa to pay homage to Zeppa Bistro's home, in Rochester's South WEDGE neighborhood.I recently met some friends at Zeppa for some late night food after a long day at work so I was eager for a delicious meal and glass of wine. The restaurant, located in the basement of the German house and what used to be The Keg (bar) Zeppa is a large dimly lit space with white table linens and soft music. My friends who had been there well before me took the liberty of ordering me a glass of Cabernet Sauvignon La Terre and 6 Oysters, the perfect appetizer after my hellish day. Set perfectly in the middle of the table was a basket of freshly made bread (Zeppa makes their bread from scratch each day) needless to say I fell off the no carb wagon that evening but for a good reason. The.Rolls.are.amazing.done. Our server was very attentive and friendly and was able to suggest some of their most popular dishes to my friends. My carnivorous friends decided to split  two entrees and chose the herb crusted pork chop with German potato salad and the 10oz filet of sirloin with grilled scallops, garlic mashed potatoes and mushrooms. I went for a much lighter option: The Roasted Beet Salad, back on the wagon! My friends were raving about their meals while my salad was good but light. Next time I'll try a fish entrée. After dinner we headed over to the bar for a specialty cocktail before we headed out on the town for the night. As we were settling up our bar tab our waiter stopped by and gave us a happy hour special menu which I keep pinned to my cork board next to my desk in case there is a happy hour emergency. Happy Hour is Tuesday-Friday from 5pm-7pm and includes  1/2 price select drafts, $2 raw oysters, 50 cent wings and  1/2 price sliders (bar seating only)Weekly special include:Tuesday:  Bring your own wine (no corkage fee)Wednesday: "Neighborhood night" Pasta, salad and dessert ($25)Thursday: Beer, Burger and Bourbon night ($21) Zeppa is as reliable as its sister business Mise En Place ("set in place" in French) located just steps away.  Zeppa is a great addition to the South wedge neighborhood as its upscale ambiance offsets the uber hipster vibe the neighborhood is famous for.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/10/2012,2/10/2013,66,245,,4,1>I am wavering between a 2-star and 3-star on this one. Like the other reviewers have stated--the space is amazing. I love that there is now dining in this location, it's convenient to get to, lots of parking, etc. Also, as other reviewers have also mentioned, the beer list is extensive--always a plus in my book. More plusses: we were able to get seated right away with our reservation and our server was attentive. The negative--first of all, the music was bad. I think they were trying to go for an electronic-lounge sound, but it was more of a techno. Not like an untz-untz techno, but just not something you want to hear while dining and conversing with your friends over dinner. Secondly, the food took a long time to come out. To me, that is a bummer, but not too bad if I am enjoying the company of friends UNLESS the wait yields disappointing food. And that is the third and biggest let down of TRATA - it wasn't that good. I had the brussel sprout salad and a burger. The salad was ok, probably would have been more novel if I didn't make them at home. The burger was ok for about two bites and then it became wayyyy too salty. Before I could say anything, my friend next to me who also had a burger said all he could taste was salt. I love salt, so for me to have to stop eating something because it is just too salty means that it is basically a salt lick. I tasted several of the sides at my table, nothing really impressed me. I would suggest TRATA for drinks. Also, I did not try any of the appetizers and they sounded good. I would go back to try though but probably not make a point to go back for dinner.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,2/2/2014,27,182,3,4,3>Best liquor and wine store in Rochester, hands down.  Involved in the Wegmans empire and it shows in the presentation of the place.  The Wegmans font is everywhere and you can get some discounts with your Shopper's Club card.  But the real thing that sets this place apart is the staff; always helpful, knowledgable, and wonderful people.  Their wine selection is broad and consistently cheaper (at least for the stuff we buy) than any of the other large liquor stores in town.  Their bourbon collection is always well-stocked with some rarer stuff, I don't have the knowledge to assess their collections of other spirits.  The clearance section is always full of great deals, really allowing us to try some new wines that we otherwise couldn't have afforded.  And their Tuesday night tastings are incredible, always healthy pours, often some really quality wines, and always entertaining.  They've won our business, no question!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,2/1/2014,58,204,6,8,4>I have mixed standards for coffee. I love most coffee, as long as it's not too weak. However, I am obsessive about my coffee when I make it myself. It started with a mini french press my husband gifted me when I worked in an office that had a penchant for making each pot of coffee with half the proper amount of coffee grounds, literally, they would use packets intended for one pot and split it in two. If the boss made the pot, each packet could last 3 uses. He wasn't being cheap, he just doesn't actually like coffee. If the pot was near empty but the one cup remaining was burning, they simply started another pot without emptying it...they even kept an extra pot around to add water so they could do this. I once witnessed someone microwaving two mugs full to the point of boiling and dumping them back into the pot to heat it all back up... in the afternoon... probably 3 hours after the pot had been made. The people at Joe Bean would likely destroy that break room's coffee maker and disallow coffee to be made on those premises.So, saying this place is as good as it gets isn't really a big deal for me. The bar is looooooow and the acceptability range is vast. If it's not charred, stale, or room temp, I'll drink it with a smile on my face. Honestly, even if it's luke warm I'll still drink it. If it's a $4 latte and tastes like grilled hotdogs, I will return it and you will make it again without screwing up the espresso pull. That would never, ever happen at Joe Bean, should you get them to agree to give you something other than a black cup (I don't think this would actually be that difficult, everyone is lovely that I have interacted with). The process they go through in making your cup is calm and methodical, not rushed... like a popular coffee chain (that doesn't always get the espresso pull right). Really, stopping here for a cup of coffee is nothing like any other coffee place you've likely been to. It's still hot brown liquid, but similarities end there. A low key wine bar would be a better comparison. You might say they take their coffee too seriously, but I would say they appreciate coffee beyond the simple caffeine kick. Their dedication to creating a perfect cup includes roasting their own beans on premise. I was excited to take some beans home and try a hand at brewing a cup of my own.My love of coffee has also created a bit of a perfectionist when I can manage it. I test the water temp so as to not burn the coffee, I set a timer, I buy locally roasted beans in small quantities, I grind each morning to achieve the freshest flavor (this is a newer step, but a long time coming). I've been searching for the right beans that don't require sugar or cream because, as many others have mentioned Joe Bean insists, a great cup of coffee is actually better without those additives (though some mornings those are the only calories I get...). This week it has been a delight to wake up each morning and go through the process it has become to create a delicious cup of coffee. Joe Bean's beans (my first try is Guatemala San Marcos) have created a moment of peace each morning. The flavor is pure and full, with apparent attention to quality. I'm sure I'll grow accustom to the perfect cup and overlook the beauty, but the last few days I have started my days with the pleasure of truly enjoying a black cup of coffee. Maybe you don't go to such lengths and maybe to me it's more the process than the actual result, but Joe Bean's beans have elevated my mornings. The only downfall is now I really need to eat an actual breakfast.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/31/2014,15,70,1,8,6>This place is awesome.  I'd say if you like Cheshire or Cure (for drinks), you will enjoy this place.  Great mixed drinks (I'm a Manhattan kind of guy), excellent quality beer selection, an amazing food truck out back (do not pass on the loaded fries!), and an overall chill experience with great conversations among friends.  I was actually surprised the place was not bumpin' on a Saturday evening around 8pm (I guess the East/Alexander crowd goes out later).  If you have a few friends and want to meet up for drinks, this is the perfect place.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,1/30/2014,7,15,5,19,9>I've actually been wanting to try floating in an isolation tank for a while since first reading about it 15 years ago, so I was psyched when I heard that this place opened. I went here yesterday and had a great experience overall. This is one of the most relaxing experiences you can have. It's like hitting the reset button on your computer after you've had it on for a long time, clearing out all the old garbage and starting from a fresh state.Flotation tanks are kind of like the Westerner's answer to meditation, built through technology. The great part is that it gives those unfamiliar with meditation a shortcut to it's benefits, which would likely take years of practice to fully realize.You float in super salinated(epsom salt, I believe) water that is heated to skin temperature, which makes you feel like you are floating in nothing. It is the most comfortable position I think I have ever been in. You can let every single muscle in your body relax completely. I went with the top down completely, which is the only way to do it, in my opinion. The complete lack of external stimuli is something completely new to me, and took me a while to get used to, but once I did, it felt so good. Nothing to see, hear, smell or feel is a great way to unwind. You get into a mental state similar to right before you fall asleep, a different lucid but subdued sense of consciousness.  Your mind wanders and eventually you get this sense of nothingness which is great, strange as that may seem.I left feeling very relaxed, mentally clear and energized. Your senses feel keener and everything looks and sounds more vivid. I'm not the kind of guy who's into new agey therapeutic stuff, but this is different. There's science behind it and it makes sense to me. There is a lot if interesting research and literature out there for those that want to know more about it.I would buy one of these tanks myself if they weren't so expensive, and I will definitely be back as a regular going forward.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,1/29/2014,131,184,1,6,4>I came here for lunch with some coworkers and had a great experience. I had never been here but my husband recently came with his father and enjoyed it so all the more reason to come; I was excited when my coworkers picked this place out.We got at the restaurant just after 12:00 PM and we were seated right away. There are two sides to the restaurant; one side is the main dining area and the other side is the main bar area. We were seated at the main bar area but that was fine since it was 12:00 PM and the bar was empty. We were seated at a booth which is fine but I know I am alone when I say I hate booths. I don't really know why some people love them so much. I hate the idea of being stuck on the inside or having to move every time someone else has to get up. Really the main reason I hate booths is because the space between me sitting back in the chair and the table is too large. I end up having to sit on the edge of the seat and can't relax or I can't reach my food or eat over my plate. The space here was really large. If I go again with my husband or friends I will most likely request a table.Our waitress was great and was really tentative. She was always around and was quick to help us with any needs but she really anticipated all of our needs ahead of time. I ordered the roast beef melt. This was out of my comfort zone because I really only ever order chicken or chicken parm. anywhere. I was glad I did though. The beef so soooo juicy and yummy. There was just the right amount of beef to roll and a little bit of extra juice. The mozzarella on top just made it even bet-ter. I also got steak fries and a pickle. The fries were fried perfect and I love pickles so you really can't go wrong there. The thing I loved about the roast beef the most that others won't like is how cooked it is. I do not like any pink and I did not see any in sight. Those who like really pink beef may find the beef to be dry. I say fine don't order it, more for me. The only complaints of the trip were that my spoon and another coworker's spoon were dirty. We didn't mind because we didn't use them. Another coworker unfortunately did not get a good bun to chicken ratio on her sandwich.  I know that seems petty, but it is pretty important.Overall, I would come here again and I know my husband would as well. This is a great place for just eating and a good place for also going to a bar and hanging out. I like that this is a good place for both. I am happy and would love to try more foods.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,1/28/2014,81,61,4,13,5>Impressive!I've eaten here twice now and the food and service has been very impressive both times. Located in Penfield this cozy restaurant has ample parking in the back. It has two entrances. One in the back which takes you to the dining room and one in the front which lands you at the bar. It is usually packed on the weekends and reservations are recommended. The crowd seems to be mostly regulars. There is a small bar at the front which seems decent. My experience is with the restaurant only. The place is well decorated with nicely laid out tables and nice looking furniture. The restaurant is not too big and the seating capacity is reasonable. The dining room is cozy and gives you the feeling of having dinner in your private dining room instead of a restaurant.I had the same waitress twice that I have been here and she was wonderful with prompt service, a smile on her face and very helpful with recommendations. One thing that is great about this place is their good sized specials menu which changes on a day to day and seasonal basis. And most of them sound amazing and taste amazing. Every time you go you have something new, fresh and seasonal to try. Now for the food.Complimentary bread. Served with sweet butter and garlic butter. Crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. Nice and warm and tastes amazing with the butter. Specially the garlic one. Calamari. Amazing. One of the best most flavorful calamari I have ever had. Served with a ranchy dip. Baked Feta with Olives. Special appetizer for the day. As good as feta gets. Served with warm pita bread. Highly recommended. Duck Salad. Special appetizer for the day. The duck was very flavorful and the ingredients went together very well. The calamari took the appetizer king award though.Roasted Red Pepper Soup. Good soup but I have had better. The french onion my friend ordered looked amazing and he loved it. Bucatini Pasta. I am usually not a big fan of pasta when eating out but gave this one a try and was not disappointed. The blend of chicken, squash and chopped almonds along with other ingredients was done very very well. Fish and Chips. Served with coleslaw and tartar sauce. Huge serving size. Decent but not the best. There are very few places in the US that can do fish and chips well. This was a decent attempt but the fish didn't really meet the high expectations I've developed after eating fish and chips in the United Kingdom. Creme Brulee. Had the cinnamon brown sugar one. They change it often with different flavors of Creme Brulee available. It was very good and I finished every last morsel of it. Plenty of other dessert options were available including cheesecake, chocolate mousse and Italian lemon cake. My friends tried the seared shrimp salad, london broil (huge steak), short rib pot roast and the ahi tuna and everyone loved what they ordered and finished it all. Serving sizes are on the large side for most of the Entrees. The prices are what you'd expect from a place serving good quality food in a good atmosphere. Not overly expensive in my opinion. I've heard that this place used to be a pharmacy in the past and/or a doctor lived here (two versions) and you can see a display of old pharmaceuticals utilizing animals and plants at the restaurant entrance which is really fascinating. A great dining experience over all which should not be missed. Will definitely return.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,1/27/2014,96,358,1,8,5>First time trying out indoor rock climbing and I'm definitely a fan! I went with a large group (about 12 people) for my birthday and they were very accommodating. We even got a sweet deal on our belay training. It's spacious and there are paths for different levels, even beginners like me. Everyone in our group was happy. It was nearly empty on a Saturday night, but I hear other times are packed. A friend also told me that this is nothing compared to the Red Barn at RIT, which I will have to try out soon.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/26/2014,96,330,16,15,9>zomg. I have found it. Legit NY pizza*, here, in downtown Rochester! Praise the lord! I will always have a soft spot for Joe's Brooklyn in Henrietta. They practically saved my life in college as I was going through withdrawal, and they're really nice guys (they remembered me after 3 years of being gone). I cannot resist grabbing a slice whenever I'm in the area, but now that I have experienced the wonderfulness that Pizza Stop is, I don't have to schlep to Jefferson Rd anymore.To be completely honest: both establishments stay true to the New York style brick oven, thin crust, not too cheesy, fundamentally great tasting sauce tradition. Pizza Stop has the one-up on Joe's because they're closer to home and their garlic knots are way superior. Second to the slice, garlic knots are not a thing to be messed with.Other random highlights:+ Seating situation is ample and clean. No idea what these other reviewers are smoking.+ They take Amex+ Nice workers+ This location is closed on weekends ;(LOVE YOU PIZZA STOP. --*When I review "pizza" I mean normal fucking REGULAR pizza. No buffalo chicken, BBQ flavored chunks of white meat, "can I get some blue cheese too?", weird bullshit toppings on toppings on toppings kind of pizza. I'm talking straight CHEESE-SAUCE-DOUGH. Weirdos.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,1/25/2014,40,210,2,7,4>Gluten-free crepes!  Oh I've how I've dreamed of such a thing, and Simply Crepes delivers.  Savory or sweet, both are amazing.  The coffee drinks are also done very well. The downsides are that it can be a bit of a wait, for a table and for your food after you order.  Also, eating here is definitely on the pricey side, particularly  given how small Crepes are.  Even after eating an entire savory crepe I am hungry again a couple of hours later.   However, both of those are totally worth the crepes, in my opinion!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,1/24/2014,30,41,3,6,3>For those who don't like to read here's my summary of Monroe's for dinner: four stars on food and five stars on atmosphere.  Since this restaurant has been "Monroe's" I've probably been about ten times.   Many of my fellow Yelpsters like to go on and on about what this restaurant used to be, but I'm going to write about what it is here and now- and right now Monroe's is one of my favorite places to eat and drink in Pittsford.Many restaurants are more bar than restaurant, and vice versa.  But Monroe's is truly half bar, half restaurant.  The entrance overlooks the large bar area, which features flat-screen TVs with sporting events and long tables.  If you go to Monroe's on a Thursday, Friday or Saturday night, expect to find a moderately sized crowd at the bar.  But I like the bar because it's almost never crowded to the point where you can't find somewhere to sit.  The dining room, in contrast, is quiet, dimly lit, and entirely secluded from the bar area.  Monroe's features a large, elegant patio space, and although I came in the winter, my dinner table overlooked the vacant patio's bright, hanging fairy lights and snow-covered trees.   Monroe's always has a comfortable and relaxed feel to it, and in a town that features more sports bars and diners than I care to frequent, this is a welcome change.I ordered the Eggplant Caponata as an appetizer, which was essentially a tapas-like medley featuring eggplant, roasted red pepper, raisins, olives, capers, and spiced with balsamic and what tasted like Szechuan peppers.  It came with thick, charred slices of buttered focaccia to put the dish on.  Equal parts sweet and spicy, the room-temperature spread was well-prepared and truly one-of-a-kind for this area.  I split the Chicken Milanese for my entrée, which features breaded chicken over "Katherine's" mashed potatoes (I don't know who Katherine is; if anyone could enlighten me that would be swell), with arugula and a lemon vinaigrette topping.   The thin, breaded chicken was tender and crispy on the outside, which was a nice contrast in texture from the underlying creamy mashed potatoes.  The lemon vinaigrette added a refreshingly acidic flavor to the chicken.  My only complaint about the dish is that the chicken was too thin for me.  The breaded skin was almost as thick as the meat.  This is a problem because I'm a man.  And as a man, I like thick, juicy, big chunks of meaty chicken, especially when I'm paying eighteen dollars for a meal.I feel that Monroe's is a comfortable, inviting restaurant with decent food.  The wine list is enough so that people who like wine can find something adequate to pair with their meal.  There is always ample parking and I've never had to make a reservation here.  This is truly one of the most under-appreciated restaurants in Rochester and I've never truly understood why.   Yup, I'm a fan.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,5/4/2014,52,128,2,7,4>We came around 5:50pm on a Thursday evening. We were told the wait would be about 1 hour &40 minutes despite the almost completely open tables. Nonetheless, we decided to just wait at the bar because we had been wanting to try the food.At the bar, we ordered some drinks and a cheese plate. The bartenders were incredibly helpful and even let me try a few wines before I settled on a Pinot. I tried my friend's Paper Tiger which was clean and refreshing. The cheese plate came with some kind of brie, carmelized onions, a handful of nuts, and something else. It was good but also nothing special. It was a little pricey for only 1 kind of cheese on the plate.We were seated a little over an hour into our wait which was a wonderful surprise. On a side note, there were multiple tables that were probably reserved but not until 7:30 or later. (We probably could have been in and out by then if they gave us that option). The sit-down portion of the room was cute and hipster-like. There were brick walls, high ceilings, mismatched chairs, and simple but elegant table set-ups. Once the sun sets, you could barely see the person sitting across from you because the retro light bulbs barely help the situation. Good thing it didn't affect my ability to eat good food. We ordered fairly quickly and were pleasantly surprised with what we got.1. Sangria ($19) - we were a little sad that we didn't see this at the bar, but we ordered it anyway. It's a white sangria that is light, refreshing, and floral-y! Definitely a good choice.2. Pineapple salad ($13) - The fried goat cheese went well with the pineapple and the vinaigarette topped it off nicely.3. White pizza ($15) - I loved how colorful the pizza was. The pizza dough itself was soft yet crispy and I liked that it had a hint of saltiness to it.4. Fish special (?) - I think this was one of the specials of the evening. Unfortunately, it was not up to par with the other dishes. The fish was lightly fried and covered with a savory sauce and mushrooms. Overall the dish was too salty. I do wish there were more mushrooms on this dish.5. Good Luck Burger ($20) - Our medium burger came out perfectly. Each fourth of the burger was humongous and on top of that, the plate was covered with fries. The burger was perfectly salted and seared on the outside, and juicy on the inside. And there was no way that we could finish the fries.6. Banana Bread Pudding ($7) - For banana bread pudding, I think this was a pretty good deal considering how large it was. I was a little overwhelmed with how banana-y it tasted. However, this might be because I thought it was regular bread pudding and did not expect the banana. Nonetheless it was good but probably a little too sweet for me.Customer service was fantastic. We were checked on often and had dishes cleared when necessary (especially since we had a small table for how much food we ordered). Water glasses were constantly filled which is all that I ask for.Tips when coming:-Make a reservation-Come with a large group so that you can try more-Bring $$$If Good Luck decided to serve brunch, I would be all over that! Especially since Rochester seems to lack some classier/New American brunch restaurants.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/3/2014,32,8,,6,3>The pizza was very delicious! We got take out - a deep dish with sausage and a regular pepperoni and cheese - both were great!! Food was also ready quickly, in about 20 minutes. I'm sure if you eat in the piping hot pizza is even more delicious!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,5/2/2014,2,20,,5,3>I was so excited to see another veggie restaurant open in Rochester!  I've been a few times and every time the food has been delicious.  Word must be spreading because every time I go in lately they are pretty crowded!  I especially love the kale chips.  They are addictive.  So cheesy and light and crispy, I wish I knew their secret (maybe they use a dehydrator instead of an oven?)!  Also the bread they use for the sandwiches is perfectly light and fluffy so you can bite into the sandwich without the veggie fillings squeezing out the side - this is a detail I appreciate.My only (minor) complaint is they rely on a lot of processed meat substitutes, and I'm more from the celebrate-the-vegetables-for-what-they-are school of vegetarianism, but I get that it's hard to appeal to a wide audience without familiar sounding menu items.  Plus, going out here is a treat and I can make that stuff at home.  Also, the vegan desserts are TO DIE FOR.  I try not to eat a lot of sugar but can't resist when I come here.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/1/2014,3,9,,5,3>My boyfriend & I went there for a late lunch and it was our first time being there. When walking in it was a small cozy atmosphere. We were seated quickly and I think it wasn't busy because it was after lunch but before dinner. The menu was looking good, I wanted to try everything! The bread and spread was so delicious we kept asking for more. We got the calamari and it was a huge plate - even for lunch! Definitely worth the price.  I order seafood diablo, extra spicy. SO GOOD! He got the chicken Marsala and that was delicious too but I focused on my dish and was so yummy! The waitress was so attentive and making sure we had water and bread. The customer service was excellent - they were friendly and attentive and very welcoming. This place definitely had regulars, you could tell. Love the family atmosphere.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,4/30/2014,43,99,,4,3>I decided to pop in here after reading some reviews and deciding I wanted delve deeper into juicing. The owner was pretty busy when I walked in, but was super sweet and welcoming and pointed out the juices she was currently offering that day. I decided on the "blood cleanser" - a mixture of dandelion greens, celery, apple, lemon, parsley, and cucumber (I think). She mentioned that this particular juice was one of her favorites, and she did not steer me wrong! It's bright and delicious, with a great hit of citrus from the lemon. As others have stated, they offer weekly cleanses, crates, etc. I definitely plan to return and try more juices. What a great addition to the local foods scene!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,4/29/2014,5,5,5,8,2>Stumbled upon this gem walking around yesterday. We decided to give it a shot after hearing lovely live music coming from inside, and outdoor seating on a rare beautiful day here. We tasted four different cocktails. The mojitos were authentic Cuban style, well crafted. The fruitier selections were delicious but dangerous. We ordered the lobster and the pork. Both were adequately portioned. The entrees were beautifully presented and tasted incredible. They seemed healthy but kept us satiated for 6 hours. My husband and I stayed for hours, laughing, eating, enjoying the ambience, the live music. Great lesser-known place to impress a date. Pricing seemed reasonable, the Caribbean lobster was the most expensive entree and it was $38 or $39. I don't remember the drink pricing but I know four drinks and two higher priced entrees all came in under $100 total before the tip (which the waitress deserved, she was attentive but not pushy or interfering, and didn't try to push us out the door).
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/28/2014,67,135,1,6,6>Hidden away up the stairs at the back of Solera, Cheshire is a true (not-so-secret) gem.  Great for everything from a first date to a girl's night to a work Happy Hour, the bartenders here know how to craft always-perfect traditional and signature cocktails.  Don't be surprised if you get an eensy-weensy beverage, but do be surprised if you go home sober -- these delicious little suckers pack a wallop.  If you love all things sweet, there's no better bet then the French 75, a champagne cocktail I couldn't stop sipping.  There was something about the flavor that kept nagging at me, like watching a movie with an actor I couldn't place.  And then it hit me -- grapefruit.  Grapefruit and little bits of nectar-flavored heaven.My Ramos Gin Fizz was a good deal tarter.  It was in that perfect middle category that you'd describe as neither "sweet" nor "bitter" -- but that doesn't mean it was devoid of taste.  The egg created the perfect frothy drink, and the cream mellowed out the gin immensely (I'm not a huge fan of extra ginny-gin).  Another solid would-order-again drink.Mike's Bamboo, on the other hand, I gave one sip and was glad to be done with.  He adored it, so this is definitely a matter of taste, but I thought it was overstrong, very tart, and overwhelmed by the one olive (which we hadn't originally seen on the menu -- not entirely sure whether it's there or not).  If other people like this, then go for it -- but it's not something I'd recommend. Yes, the drinks will run you $8 or $9 apiece, but you get what you pay for.  I'll take one of these over two well drinks any day, night, or morning.  I can't wait to go back ... and try literally every single other cocktail on the menu.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,4/27/2014,76,266,1,8,4>I have been to Mise En Place for eat in/takeout at both lunch and dinner. I have never ordered the same thing twice and yet have never been disappointed. You order at the counter near the food display case. I have tried the seafood special a few times. The seafood always tasted fresh and the portion was appropriate for the cost. I also tried the shaved steak sandwich. The quality and quantity of the steak made it well worth the $8.If you are eating in, you pay at the cashier (located near the front of the store) and then take a seat. Someone brings you your food. If you are doing takeout, the food is handed to you at the same counter you ordered (and then proceed to pay at the cashier). The flow here is slightly wonky (probably because of the grocery area).The prices here seem slightly steep at first but the quality of the ingredients easily makes this place my first choice for a sandwich in this area. The service is also very helpful and friendly (eg. when I was torn about which soup to get, they let me sample all of them.) Parking can be difficult. They do have a few spots you can park in in the lot behind the building but otherwise it is on street parking only.I took off one star because a friend got their mac and cheese and was not thrilled. I tried some and it had slightly dried out (probably due to the steam table). Also, their groceries seem a touch pricey but I suppose that is the cost of convenience. I personally wouldn't go grocery shopping here.Mise en Place might have some very minor issues to work out for the food they prepare ahead of time but nothing that will keep me away!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/26/2014,84,227,3,7,5>Meatballs have found a new life in the last few years as a comfort food that could be "elevated" and in some larger cities there are full restaurants that focus exclusively on the meatball arts. Here in Rochester, Jesse Hanus recently wrote a meatball Round Up for the City Newspaper that highlighted six places that serve up some of the best balls in town which included the Skylark Lounge. They have been open since 2011 in the East End off of Union Street with a menu that is completely focused on the meatball with only a few sides that diverge from the core.Before I dive into the details about the food, I'd like to comment on the atmosphere of Skylark. My previous visit was during the Best Busker event last summer and it was so packed that the wait to sit down for food was too long to handle. Definitely overloaded from the influx of people and it seemed like a tough place to get good service, but our recent trip completely turned around any misconceptions I might have had. We sat at the bar and were treated really well by the bartender and ended up having some good conversation with a couple of the other people there. I don't end up frequenting bar-centric places often, but I can totally see this as a neighborhood hangout spot due to the pleasant music selection, the stage for live performers and the cheap prices.On to the balls! I visited the bar for dinner (before the City Paper article came out coincidentally) and sampled the entire menu that evening in the form of sliders and even got a side of the potato balls for the sake of completeness. The bread used for all the sliders was a perfect cross between a ciabatta and a traditional slider roll and they were heavily toasted adding a strong textural crunch to the affair.Overall, the balls were successful across a wide spectrum of flavor profiles. The traditional stayed right with the Italian style with a beef forward flavor including some fresh herbs and we chose to pair it with the tangy, chunky marinara sauce and some mozzarella cheese. It hit a lot of the classic meatball sandwich notes with the acidity from the sauce, the well melted cheese and the tenderness of the ball itself. The Asian special struck me a perfect replication of the inside of a steamed pork dumpling flavored with the sweet, tangy dipping sauce that typically accompanies them. There was enough scallion to cut through the sweet and salt and with the bread successfully substituting for the dumpling wrapper, it was my favorite of the night.The BBQ pork ball was the biggest surprise because it wasn't just a sweet BBQ sauce and the sandwich struck a balance between the sweet and tangy parts of the sauce and the crunchy, creamy cole slaw. I typically dislike cole slaw due to the influx of mayo involved (I hate mayo in general) but it worked in this context. The black bean topped with a lightly spicy remoulade was the better of the two vegetarian options even though it was more of a patty than a ball. The patty itself had good seasoning and the remoulade was potently acidic in a way that made the sandwich pop. The eggplant ball was a fried affair that wasn't bad by any means but the dominant elements was the spinach instead of the eggplant itself. The red pepper sauce was creamy and had some chunks in it as well to accent the milder base.The only real failure for me was the chicken ball that we paired with the pesto sauce. The hot sauce inside of the ball pushed around the white meat base that didn't offer much taste on it's own. By itself I wasn't a fan. The overly creamy pesto sauce was also a bit of a disappointment since we could barely taste the basil or garlic and it didn't offer any of the boldness from the other sauces that we tried.  Not the best pairing either, but that is completely our fault and I can't blame them for our bad ideas!The side of deep fried potato balls were the equivalent of a large potato croquette with a crunchy breading and a filling of creamy, well flavored mashed potatoes. The smooth mashed potatoes complete with skins, fresh herbs would have been well worth eating on their own and the accompanying parmesan sauce was lightly cheesy and just damn tasty. Highly recommended especially if you have a larger group to split them up since they are a bit on the heavy side.Value wise, each of the sliders were $2 each (cheese was a 50¢ adder on the traditional) and between the six sandwiches and the potato balls we were plenty full with a total bill with tip around $20. This is some of the best straight up bar food I've found in Rochester and at a very reasonable price to boot. I'd put it right up there with the food at Acme when it comes to places that are bars first and I'm looking forward to visiting for some more balls soon!P.S. I think that was enough "balls" references, eh?For pictures and comments check out this review on my website, Food About Town!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2014,4/25/2014,5,29,8,7,6>THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN ALL OF ROCHESTER!As I sit here, putting "pen to paper" I'm conflicted with what I really want to say. There's so many things to say and ways to say them so let's do some stream-of-consciousness here:IT'S HOMEMADE! IT'S HOMEMADE! HALLELUJAH! EVERYTHING IS HOMEMADE!And I mean everything....everything that matters, that is. The cornbread muffins are questionable given the consistent size, shape, and texture, but that is not a sin in my book. This is without a doubt...THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN ALL OF ROCHESTER!Am I shouting? I'm sorry, but I MEAN TO SHOUT!BC's Chicken Coop is tucked away in a little hole-in-the-wall; I walked right past the place twice trying to find it. Don't expect much when you walk in the door. Damn the leatherette-covered chairs! Damn the faux-fireplace in the corner! Damn the lineoleum, the track lighting, and the ambience! (maybe some old-style blues, tho, would be AWESOME!)  Brandy (spelling?) has wisely invested her shoestring-thin operating capital in the best fresh ingredients she can get and quality kitchen equipment. This alone told me that she knows what makes for good cooking and has her head screwed on straight.As I waited for my order to finish cooking, Brandy introduced herself and we had a pleasant conversation about her business and her work on expanding to a second location in West Webster off Bay Road. She has big, big aspirations.A couple of things she mentioned in our conversation that really struck me: she only uses organic chickens and she only uses the best oil (I'm guessing peanut oil) in a dedicated fryer only for the chicken. Care, quality, attention to detail. Check, check, and check.While we were talking I nonchalantly looked past her into the kitchen and was amazed at how clean it was. I'm not talking about your local "Happy Garden" Chinese take-out place kind of clean. I mean, C-L-E-A-N. I would put my naked child on top of that prep table, it was so clean.And are you ready for the kicker? Are you? When my order of chicken was finished cooking, she took one look at it, said "I don't like it....that's not right", dumped the whole order into the trash, grabbed a fresh chicken out of the walk-in, and STARTED OVER!  Her explanation: "I'm sorry but I can't let it go out the door if it's not perfect".  PERFECT. How can you go wrong with someone who takes as much pride in their work and the product they sell? THEN she even offered me a discount for the extra wait! I refused the discount. After all, she's a small business owner turning out an incredible product. A couple of bucks extra to keep her in business for my future happiness? That's a gimme, and her prices are more than competitive. Compare that to the quality and service you get from the big-name chains and there's simply no choice.So now we get to the crux of it:THE BEST FRIED CHICKEN IN ALL OF ROCHESTER!After two bites of a thigh, my taste buds were magically time-warped (insert Rocky Horror Picture Show reference here) to any shanty-shack-Grandma's-secret-recipe-southern-­fried chicken joint south of Birmingham, Alabama. And we live in the frozen tundra of western New York! Oh....my....goodness it was good. I was literally on the cusp of an oral-gasm. Cooked thoroughly, juicy, tender on the inside.  Crispy, semi-spicy breading on the outside. Not too much, just enough.And I must mention the side dishes here. Green beans with bacon. Garlic mashed with...yes! IT'S HOMEMADE!...gravy. Fresh-cooked chips. The mac-n-cheese was simply a spoonful of cheesy, velvety, creamy, carbohydrate-laden heaven, treating my tongue like a slip-and-slide on it's way into my belly.IT'S HOMEMADE! IT'S HOMEMADE! HALLELUJAH! EVERYTHING IS HOMEMADE!As I continued to stuff myself I heard a small argument taking place:Stomach: "Stop! Stop! I can't take anymore!"Mouth: "Keep going you idiot! It's not going to be here forever!"Care to guess which won?The finishing touch was a cornbread muffin topped with my own honey butter (hint to Brandy: 1 part softened butter, 1 part honey, 1 part confectioner's sugar, 1/3-part cinnamon or pumpkin spice). MAKE IT!As I walked out and headed home I had three thoughts in my head: 1) Damn, but that was good; 2) I hope she really makes a success of it; 3) She deserves more than the usual support of the local community for something so out of this world delicious.Rest comfortably that even the mighty Colonel Sanders hasn't gotten it this right....ever! KF-Who? And what's a Popeye's? Even Chick-Fil-A...all just a fading sign in my rear-view mirror now, getting smaller and smaller as time goes on.They have chicken on top of Belgian waffles with syrupy-sauce?  Be afraid, folks, be very afraid.  No worries, though, I'll take that one for the team!If you are comfortable with fast-food take-out chicken, go for it.  I'll eat your portion of BC's Chicken Coop, although my waistline will hate you.
