<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,9/14/2010,46,86,15,30,16>"Some people wait a life time, for a moment life this..."Dear boyfriend, If you are going to do the typical date night at a fancy yet hidden, charming, and exclusive restaurant, romantic dinner, excellent services, wonderful food, and delicious salivating desserts that contains a ring hidden in it, and especially if you want me to say yes, please propose here. :-DThis place is like a romantic hidden hideaway for couples. It's so elegantly beautiful, even the bathroom is decorated and lighted with chandeliers. I happen to love Phantom of the Opera and find the ambiance of this place quite like it. All the decorations also make me feel like I'm in Camelot. This place is small, so not too many people so that I won't be completely embarrassed. I highly recommend you hide the ring in the creme brulee and not the coconut pie because I most likely will swallow it if it's in the coconut pie. Yes, the coconut pie is that good! The creme brulee that has won a dessert competition at this place is so velvety smooth, creamy, and delicious that it tastes like butter melting in my mouth, balanced by strawberries and blue berries on top. So please, while I'm experiencing a major dessert orgasm, it would be heavenly to find a ring inside. Love always, N.D.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,9/13/2010,264,523,6,10,8>Sometimes kitschy things are cool. The Oregon City Municipal Elevator is one of those types of kitschy things. There is an elevator operator ready assist in your travels from 7th Street to S. 10th Street, or vice versa. Our operator was quick to let us know that the Oregon City Elevator is the only outdoor municipal elevator in the U.S. and one of the only four in the world. As much as we found this elevator kitschy, he explained that a lot of commuters use the elevator because parking is difficult to find near the Clackamas County Circuit Courthouse. He also told us that if we want a ride back up, that we should plan accordingly as they stop operating at 7:00 PM. Not a lot of things are free in life, so thank you, Oregon City for taking care of this lift ride for me.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,9/11/2010,645,1150,9,12,10>We normally wouldn't have considered Bay Leaf as a dinner option, but we were very pleased with our experience last night.JP and I went to dinner with friends last night who are Seventh-Day Adventists and Bay Leaf serves meals that meet their dietary restrictions.The interior is nicely designed, but has sort of a Spartan feel to it.  They have auto-shutoff devices on their restroom lights so they have a sign inside the restroom that says, "If the light goes out while you are in here, wave your arms and the lights should come back on."  We all started out with soup.  Two of us had the corn chowder and two of us had the sweet and sour soup.  The sweet and sour soup is very delicious, rich and buttery in flavor and I recommend it.  I found the corn chowder to be a little bit floury and pasty.  Actually, the corn chowder didn't seem to have corn kernels, but instead a very small quota of undercooked peas and carrots.Bay Leaf has a mammoth selection of teas.  We ordered the Eight Wonders and Green Plum Tea, both of which were excellent with robust flavors.For entrees, we ordered the tri-color fried rice, sizzling tofu, sesame tofu and mushroom crisps.  The tri-colored rice (brown rice with carrots, onions and peas) was delicious.  Well, actually all the dishes were delicious, wonderfully seasoned.  I marveled at how much like chicken the tofu appeared in the sizzling tofu dish.We liked the mushroom crisps (kind of a breaded mushroom) but wondered if they would have been even better if they had come with a dipping sauce.What I enjoyed the most was my avocado shake.  In addition to avocado, this shake also contains blueberry and strawberry.  Wonderfully thick with just the perfect amount of sweetness!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,9/10/2010,145,186,28,15,19>We have all worked with him. The sad frugal guy who brings in a flattened peanut butter and jelly sandwich, some carrot sticks,  and if he's lucky his wife will pack him a cookie. EVERY SINGLE DAY he has this for lunch. To eat at a restaurant would be out of the question, and is definitely not in his budget!  Once in a while you catch him peeking over your cube as he tries to steal a glimpse of yet another treasure you managed to score from a food cart, or new lunch spot.  He is probably richer than you are from saving every penny. His house in the suburbs probably has 14 garages for all you know, but you don't care because your belly is full and you will die knowing you have eaten some of the best that the world has to offer.Today I lunched at Built to Grill, and aside from being treated with a tremendous amount of kindness, the food was amazing. A while back I had a chicken Panini here that blew my mind but I usually don't review places unless they have wooed me twice. (or pissed me off once)  After today's visit, consider me wooed, stuffed and happy.  I had the Italian hero and my lunch date had the Muffuletta. I am going to tell you right now that although they were both delicious in their own way, the muffuletta wins in the championship finals. Warm crispy mufulleta, layered with tasty meats and an olive tapenade that makes you wish your mouth was big enough to eat the entire sandwich in one bite!  My mouth was not big enough, and also I had my own sandwich to eat: The hero, which was almost as delicious as the Mufulletta.  I considered scarfing the entire thing down but then I remembered that I had to go back to work and I did not want to be responsible for hitting someone in the eye in the event that one of my buttons exploded off of my pants.I wrapped up the other half and lovingly carried it back to the office. I passed by my cube mate who was about to sink his teeth in to a mass of wonderbread and jelly until I hollered "throw that shit out!  Today you are having BUILT TO GRILL!"  Confused, he stepped away from the wonderbread, accepted my offer and devoured it with reckless abandon. He is still thanking me this very instant. But the real person to thank is Built to Grill for being so delicious, so friendly and culturing my wonderbread loving cube mate from the burbs!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2010,9/9/2010,158,216,8,9,9>*Happy Hour Review* I seriously can't wait to try dinner here though. We were out early enough that we didn't have to scramble to get some where. The light snacky type things they offer are just perfect for nibblers like us. I don't like to feel horrible when I leave and what we got was just perfect. We started with a light summery cocktail which was perfection. it was well executed and the bar tender was knowledgeable and friendly. not in the let me give you a hug come to my house kind of way. In a better than normal Portland bistro server way. We started talking bitters and he got our full attention. Gruners HH cocktail menu is by far one of the best ones. You have your choice of I would say 6 or 7 well thought out unique exotic $5 cocktails here. I can't remember what mine was called, it was something like a summer afternoon (their website needs updating) but was very tasty, my boy had the zeitgeist, which was also very tasty. second round, he had some kind of old fashion, it was called something else though, it had house made cherry very tasty, I had gimlet, nice and tart as I like them. for food we had: the fried cauliflower croquettes with fontina. my thought this was tasty, I thought it could have used some kind of sauce. however they were fried to nibbly goodness with a creamy center of cheese. nice sweet flavor from the cauliflower. canapes of smoked salmon: generous dollop of wonderful citrus burst and creamy smoky salmon on perfectly toasted toast crackers. charcuterie plate : simple yet delicious. lovely flavor. burger with cheddar: We shared one, on first glance it looks small, all singular on it's plate. we had a hard time cutting it but we managed. and then..and then...omg..sooo good. adding the house butter pickles, pickled onions, and some curried ketchup. (note: this isn't like curry wurst ketchup, it's its own thing) but it's a great pairing. *Messy burger alert*. I said, "gosh good thing you already love me, cause this is the most unlady like burger" to that his reply was " this statement is why i know you don't know boys very well, most guys would did a girl that could mow down on a burger like this. it's a mouth stretcher for sure. great great bun, like holy smokes great. The meat is tender juicy and just exactly what you want. every bite produces juice all over your hands. it's awesome. So, if that wasn't enough food. We were saying to the bartender how much we liked the bun. and he tells us, oh we make all our own bread..and the pretzels are really really good. so of course we had to get one. He brought us a pretzel and some of their house bread which was fantastic both were. the only kind of sad thing is the pretzel is kind of on the small side. but by that time i was really full. But still..he told us about the berliners..and well..how could we not. little round fresh made donuts with apricot jam in the middle rolled in sugar. This is now one of our favorite places for HH.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2010,9/8/2010,152,351,13,16,14>In college there was an older boy who called me "Peaches". Because I'm from the South.I know, Yuck, right? But I was 19, loved the attention, the treacle sweetness of it, and even forgave his lapse of confusing Georgia and Mississippi. Then, I took it one step further, wearing a peachy perfume from the Body Shop. It smelled like my favorite Strawberry Shortcake dolls. It smelled like (not-so) distant childhood. Such a strong memory somehow fell into the deep quiet water of my mind, lost until today.  With each generous spritz of peachy apricot toner the memory slowly emerged during a lovely, relaxing facial. It included all the usual cleansing, exfoliation, moisturizing steps, along with massage, extraction, and a fancy light wand, and an additional cinnamon-based peel (for a small fee).  Excellent results! The esthetician was friendly, knowledgeable, competent -- and not at all pushy about buying products. She only mentioned the toner because I oooohed over it.Peachy apricot. It smelled like (not-so) distant youth.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,9/7/2010,457,244,25,12,18>There is a real possibility that for the past 7 1/2 months, my inner monologue has been voiced by none other than William Shatner.  From the most monumental of decisions (should...WE, name...him....Oh..wen?) to the most mundane of thoughts (does MY...fat ass...really...NEED another...beer?), captain James Tiberius Kirk has been riding shotgun in my mind.While I can't nail down the actual "why" of it all, I believe it originally began as a fun experiment to see how long I could change up the voice (yes, singular) in my head.  The problem is I forgot to switch back.It really does help to explain some of the odd experiences I've had lately like the borderline schizophrenia, obsessive desire to watch TJ Hooker reruns on YouTube, singing  unusual renditions of "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" in the shower and constantly begging the TLB to cover herself in blue body paint during sex.  However, referring to my self as the "Priceline Negotiator" while haggling over monthly campaigns costs with a new client was the final straw and I realized that it was time to try and go back to my own voice.The funny thing is that it's not like I have a particular affinity for this Canadian actor, nor would I consider myself a "Trekkie", yet strangely I've allowed him to have dual citizenship in my noggin for quite some time. Sadly, now that I have finally managed to wean myself from the self imposed Star Fleet Captain mind meld, and returned to my own regular scheduled programming, I'm thinking I might just need to find another voiceover.  You see, after thinking with a celebrity voice for so long, I find that my own voice now is a little too boring.  Going from an A Lister to a C Lister isn't an easy task to do.  Sure I've toyed with the idea of other substituting other voices in, like Sean Connery, Marge Simpson or Kermit the Frog, but none have the long lasting appeal I'm looking for.Well, after visiting the Flying Scotsman, I think my search is over.Think Groundskeeper Willie, but with a calmer and gentler demeanor. Not only can James "Slim Jim" King boast about having one of the most enjoyable and entertaining accents in all of the Portland area food cart scene, but he also has hands down some of the best fish & chips in town.  Offering a wide selection including Cod, Mahi Mahi, Salmon and more, they are flakey, deep fried, yet not too greasy and exactly how fish n chips should be.  And for under $7 you get two gigantic pieces of fish, along side some fantastic chips, which truly makes it one whale of a deal.  (Groan...)I took the cautious route and went with the cod, but on my next visit I'll definitely try the Haddock, which is the traditional Scottish version.James is truly a genuine and engaging person, and I truly enjoyed talking with him about parenthood, fish, his business and other random topics while waiting for my order to cook.  He said business is good and he hopes to stay open later as the weather turns warmer.I definitely look forward to going back...although I really can't say whose voice will be in my head by then.  Hopefully there will only be one.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,9/6/2010,213,358,16,17,14>Hello Gorgeous. Where have you been all my life? What's that you say? You want me to try your Lavender Lemon Drop? Mmmm.... Marry Me!I want you all to meet my new true love, The Observatory. Don't worry though we agreed on an open relationship so we're willing to share Quinoa & Wild Mushroom burgers and Lavender Lemon Drops with you as well as Oregano Fried Bread and Bloody Morimotos. But beware of Cupid's arrow because he will shoot you straight in the heart and you may fall desperately, helplessly in Love with The Observatory like I have.Cheers
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2010,9/5/2010,457,356,10,11,7>I believe that a library is one of the most under-appreciated offerings that any city offers its residents.  As my life has trundled on through space and time the library has come in and out of my life like the tide or the surf.  Yet it stands by, always there if I need it.  Now, with a nearly five year old Tax Deduction, The Wife and I find the library coming back into our lives.  About two years ago there was a hard fought election where one of the ballot measures was the building of a new library along with one in our neighborhood.  I felt bad, but I voted against it.  It made no financial sense, there is a branch library not that far away and I made a special trip to the main library to see if a new building was needed.  Unfortunately many more voters thought different and we have a new branch library and a new monstrosity of a library going in downtown.  I enjoy this library a lot.  Centrally located.  Easy access.  A nice setting with Officers Row nearby.  The Tax Deduction loves this place to.  However not for only the books he makes me read to him over and over again (which I do gladly).  It has a toy section in it.Yeah.  You heard me.  A toy section.What the heck are you people thinking?I thought that libraries were for reading?!  How are you supposed to keep there mind on the reading and learning with blocks and puppet theaters and toy animals and cars right there distracting them?  I have never heard of anything so contrary to the purpose of a building than this.  I hope and pray that the new library will avoid this pitfall and if they have to have toys there, maybe they can make a playroom separate from the books so as not to disturb the reading children.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2009,9/4/2010,61,30,17,12,14>So, I lost my job. Worse still, I lost my job at 9 a.m., before I'd even had a chance to get coffee and hours before it was acceptable to start doing shots. After a demoralizing bus ride home (carrying the entire contents of my desk in a damp box) I met my friend at Heart for a cup of coffee and some whining.What I'll always remember about Heart is that they gave me a cute, smiling barista in my hour of need. I realize that he was being paid to be nice to me, but can the positive effect of a smile from an attractive stranger ever be overstated? On top of that, $1 gets you a for-here mug of very, very nice coffee. Smile and a coffee, two bits!I feel like Heart may eventually make it to the 5-star club, but it's not quite there yet. The most serious problem is the seating, or rather, the acute lack of it. The shop is quite large, but has only... six tables? There's also a small bar by the window, and a few folding chairs sitting haphazardly by the wall. I'm not sure if the emptiness is meant to add to the ambiance, but there's easily room for a few more tables; as it is, I'm not sure I'd meet anyone here, because the chance of getting a table seems low. Perhaps even more distressing is the number of power outlets: ZERO. (Well, none that I could see, anyway.) How am I supposed to do my internet stalking with a dead laptop battery? Unhappily, zero is also the number of toilet paper rolls and paper towels in the bathroom when I used it. No job and no toilet paper -- thanks, stupid-day.Glitches aside, I'm definitely adding Heart to my cafe rotation. Hey, they just opened! Things will get smoother. In the meantime, I'll be spending my unemployment checks on Heart's drip coffee, $1 at a time.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2007,9/6/2007,9,21,6,5,4>This used to be the Sun Rice chinese restaurant, which I was sad to see go, not that it was really great or anything but it was decent and I had just filled my punchcard and was entitled to a free meal.  GRR!I went here with two friends just to check the place out and see what the hell they might have at a place called "maiden in the mist".  When we went in, I was impressed with how they made the crappiness of the sun rice interior really endearing and cozy.   What I didn't expect though was the heavy romantic vibe.  I was with two friends and I think we felt a little silly.  Mostly because of how obvious it was that we were all willing to put out if someone else picked up the tab.The place has an old nautical theme, including the cuisine with lots of stews and things like that.  I appreciated it because it wasn't over-done.  It's so easy for those things to cross the line into cheesiness.  Strangely, I just noticed that their website says "Your neighborhood bar on the industrial cuff" and has a picture of a cute goth girl who kind of looks like a young drew barrymore, except goth.  What?  I didn't find the place to be the least bit "industrial" and if anything I would have phrased it something more along the lines of "Your quaint date restaurant on the middle-aged women cuff."  I'll have to go in and consider this new perspective soon, but for now I'm gonna go ahead and say NOT INDUSTRIAL, NOT EVEN CUFF-WISE.The food and drinks were both very good, if anything a little pricey for the size of the portions, I should have eaten more bread.  I understand they have a happy hour though so I'll be checking that out next.I suppose I should add that when we ordered, our waitress fucked everything up.  She brought my friend the wrong food, overcharged me by $3 for my dish, and put a neighboring table's drinks on our bill.  Wow, that's a lot of fucking up for one table, considering there were only two other parties in the place.  The food she did bring my friend was delicious though, so he just went with it, and she corrected the billing problems, though with a good deal of coaching from us.  I know people make mistakes, no big deal... i'll just be studying the bill a little more carefully than usual next time.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2007,9/5/2007,192,650,3,5,4>I cannot say yum enough. The uber bright interior is a little child like, but very welcome on a gray winter day. the offer a great selection of gelato, coffees and even donuts (on weekends). They do offer some espresso drinks, but its not their focus. My favorite ever is ordering afagatto - which I'm probablly spelling wrong! - its espresso shots poured over gelato. Its a really fun game to pick the two best scoops that go with the espresso taste. My fav is peppermint afagatto... its like a really creamy pepermint latte. The donuts are around a buck each and gelato is in the 2-4 range. I think the afagatto was 3.75 - not bad for a delicous bowl of caffienated peppermint goodness!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2007,9/4/2007,21,30,2,7,3>Great atmosphere, good (strong) drinks, moderately priced. The manager (checking IDs) was fun to talk to and it was a great place to hang out for a while. Only problem is there is very limited seating. I will definitely go again.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,9/3/2007,143,683,1,4,2>I have never stepped foot in a Powell's brick and mortar.  Yet, I find this store to be the best bookstore from which to purchase books or DVDs.  I order hundreds of dollars of books each year, many for my classroom, all through their website, Powells.com.  It is so easy to select my books and finish my transaction.  If I order over $50 worth, postage is free, and the books arrive in a week.  I always order used copies as they are less expensive, and, for my classroom, much more practical.  One day last year, a student was grumbling that I didn't have a certain title by an author on my shelf, I sat down at the computer, found the title and ordered it, all within seconds.  He was pretty amazed that I could do that, or would do that.  By week's end he had the book, read it, and did a book report.  Powell's gets points for helping the literacy of my students.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2007,9/2/2007,278,486,6,7,5>When I travel, I'm on a pretty limited budget, and since I don't spend much time in the hotel room anyway, I like to spend as little as possible.  So when a fellow Yelper invited me along to his company meeting in Portland, which included a free room at the Marriott Downtown Waterfront, I realized that this might be my one and only chance to stay at a hotel that doesn't have a "6" or an "8" in the name.  How could I say no?The Marriott is pretty easy to find, although the entrance is a bit confusing and I don't think they have free parking.  There's free valet parking for hotel guests, however, and one cool feature is that you can call down from your hotel room, and your car will be ready and waiting by the time you walk down to the lobby.  The concierge is very friendly and helpful, and they have a nifty little table display with pocket-sized cards to local attractions and restaurants (most of which contain pretty good coupons), so it's worth a look.  They can also hook you up with a good walking map of downtown Portland, and the streetcar is within walking distance of the hotel, maybe six short blocks away.Our room was a little on the small side, but tastefully decorated, with windows that actually opened.  We were placed next to the elevators, which offered the added bonus of late-night "dings" at random times.  The beds were our favorite part --- big and cushy, with featherbeds, down comforters, and fluffy pillows aplenty, plus a cute chenille throw laid at the end of the bed for kicks.  Alas, the bedside lamp didn't work, and the cable was extremely basic (no TLC, no Comedy Central, no MTV or VH1 that I saw).  There is a wi-fi hotspot, although the plug-ins are kind of odd --- the outlets and phone jack are set into the base of a desk lamp, presumably for decorative concealment.  The bathroom wasn't huge, but it was nice, and stocked with Bath & Body Works orange ginger toiletries that I immediately grabbed.  The shower worked fine, although the pressure was a bit weak and the hot water threatened to quit on me halfway through.  The Marriott thoughtfully offers guests the opportunity to purchase most of what's in the hotel room, should they be smitten with anything they see (including those fancy toiletries).  $48 shower curtain rings, anyone?  The lobby area is pleasant and nicely decorated, and includes a decent gift shop and coffee bar.  There are a couple of restaurants in the hotel, which we didn't try, and a fitness center, which we definitely didn't try.  However, I can attest to the classiness of their banquet rooms, though the food was unremarkable and the service was, ahem, quirky.I don't know how much it costs to stay here, but the additional amenities and fancy touches don't seem worth the extra money to me.  I'd just as soon stay in a cheapo motel and save the cash for more sightseeing and shopping.  But if you're a business traveler or looking for a hotel where you can't park your car directly in front of your room door, the Marriott Downtown Waterfront is a friendly, upscale option.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,8/31/2007,7,29,6,5,4>Was in Portland for Memorial Day weekend and had to check out this place...I had heard so much about it. It is so small, almost like a walk-in closet that serves donuts.  And don't sleep in if you want to try any of the weird flavors...we got there just after noon on a Sunday and all the weird ones were gone.  In fact, most all of the donuts were gone.And the vegan ones?  Well...we tried those because Voodoo didn't have enough "regular" ones to fill our order of a dozen...and let's just say, I don't like all of my donuts to taste like bananas.  But maybe vegans are, like, really into banana flavor.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2007,8/30/2007,12,33,,5,2>I loved this place. I've been a vegetarian for most of my life, so finding a Vietnamese place where I can order anything on the menu is very exciting for me. We ordered a lot of different dishes and loved all of it. Even my meat-eater friends thought it was very good. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2007,8/29/2007,233,1444,1,7,>We were lucky to snag the last table during lunch time since we noticed it was quite busy on a Monday afternoon, ok except the tables outside of the restaurant and some counter seating were still available. The $6.95 Bento lunch box is such a steal!! There was a really nice sizable salmon teriyaki, with a side of salad, lots of ginger and a huge 10-piece California roll with 2 pieces of vegetable gyoza! Something this calibre would have costs $10 in Mountain View or another other Bay area restaurants during lunch time.We also shared the cucumber salad and the ahi tuna salad and two pieces of Unagi nigiri and the bill came up to $17 without tips added yet. Cute lil restaurant in the northern part of Portland, friendly staff and a great and reasonably priced lunch menu! We are coming back! I want to try the tempura green tea ice-cream! :) They also accept to-go orders since we noticed other patrons coming in to pick up their orders.Update: We liked it so much, we had lunches two days in a row at this sushi joint! The bento box are certainly delicious and such a great deal!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,8/28/2007,4,35,2,3,4>Delicious croissants, cookies, scones and my favorite: the huge as your face cupcake! The red velvet cupcakes are redder than these five stars and turn your whole mouth and teeth red! It's great!I'm thankful that this place is right on the walk to my work! They serve Stumptown coffee, and sometimes knowing that I'll get to stop by here on the way, is what motivates me to get out of bed and off to work in the morning. I don't even have to put on lipstick...I can just eat a red velvet cupcake for breakfast!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/10/2007,8/27/2007,11,40,,6,2>I came here to grab a bite to eat in the morning with the bf.  They have a great selection of pastries, juices, and lunch items, as well as a barista machine for those who need their caffeine fix.  I had a croissant ($1.95) and a Martinelli's apple juice ($1.50).  Both were good.  He had a mozzarella, basil, and tomato sandwich that was really tasty ($6.00?).  We sat outside and watched the construction workers building an underground parking garage and park - so it was noisy.  I suggest sitting inside and watching, or taking your fare to the park to enjoy.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,10/22/2007,48,76,1,6,2>Pho Van has recently extended their business to this location. Excellent food and exceptional services. Though, I would hate to come here during peak hours due to the hellish on the street parking.Their dishes are very consistent in term of flavor and presentation. When you are in the mood for adventures, feel free to try for something new here, even the one that sounds interesting, you won't be disappointed. If you want to be on a safe side, #40 & #41 are highly recommended. That's their signature rice plate and brings you the authenticity of Vietnamese food with a nice presentation.I've tried many different dishes at this place and none of them has failed me. Salad rolls and / or crispy rolls are must-have items for appetizers. As for dessert, don't forget to treat yourself with the banana pudding w/ coconut milk and top with peanut. It's so tasty.Nice decors, clean place, friendly and attentive staffs, pretty good wine and tea selections. One of the upscale Vietnamese places that I've always taken my guests to. Though the price can be pricy for dinner, but totally worthy if you go at lunch time.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2007,10/21/2007,12,95,4,2,3>Oh, the Randy Slut. God, is there a soul in fair Portland you haven't pissed off? I am not sure what to make of the new laws and what your makeover will be like when smoke is no longer allowed in your innards. You see, that liver thing you call a filter(smoke filter) doesn't even work. It's a waste of electricity. Those people that fight over your honor? They may not be there in a couple years. Those girls that proudly display their Handy Slut thongs at the barstools? They may just decide to stay home. Who knows, they may even get you a new pool table without channels in the felt! I sure hope not because I like playing Skee Ball pool. But, the worst thing that could happen to you is that they would change the oil that your oh-so-heavenly tater tots are cooked in! If that becomes the case, they might as well move you to the Pearl with your purple paint and all........I love you, Slut, no matter what you present me with but that might be something that's impossible to overcome.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2007,10/20/2007,10,24,2,2,3>Gravy was one of the first places I was taken when I first moved up to Portland, and it was a delightful introduction to Portland's delicious array of popular breakfast spots. Chances are good that the wait will be a few minutes, so bundle up for standing outside, because the inside waiting area is pretty small and likely full. Once seated, though, you realize that your pink nose, now tickled by the aroma of your neighbor's gravy, and your freezing hands, now being warmed by either a cup of (stumptown) coffee or homemade hot cocoa, were well worth what awaits you: a hearty, delicious breakfast.That said, the biscuits and gravy are a must. I go for the veggie gravy (being vegetarian), and it's loaded with carrots and mushrooms. And the biscuits are the size of a man's fist, so I advise sharing. Or, if you look forward to an aching belly or haven't eaten in two days, don't. However, at least save some room for hashbrowns or a bite of your fellow diner's scramble that almost makes you wish you'd ordered it instead. I might have given five stars, but the last time I went they were out of tofu--come on, people, we live in Portland. That's just not okay. Plus, I was sitting right across from the lady who must have ordered the last dish of it. It looked amazing, and I couldn't decide between confronting her about being a tofu hog, or asking her to share with me.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,10/19/2007,104,185,,7,4>Great atmosphere, good Bento, yummy appetizers, and a vast selection of different Sake.  I haven't had a lot of sake so I thought I'd try it again, but I just don't think it's my thing.  I really enjoyed the tempura (the dipping broth was wonderful), and caprese roll appetizers.  We arrived here hungry and walked away with full bellies and a great new spot to dine.  The server was informative about the different sake, and very gracious.  The decor was visually stimulating and made a comfortable dining experience.The location is really what doesn't quite fit.  It's sitting in this little strip mall and I was thinking it was like a Japanese fast food place or something, but once you get inside it's surprisingly classy.  It's definitely a little diamond in the rough.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/8/2007,10/18/2007,5,8,2,2,2>Me and the family and a couple of friends went here on a Saturday night for my birthday.  The main reason we went here is because they had some live Reggae music being played.  The music didn't start till about 10PM (Reggae people are definitely on the graveyard shift).  The place is your typical smallish bar.  There are adequate wall-mounted television sets all over so you can view whatever sport you happen be interested in.  There was a lot of college football highlights going on when we got there.  Upon entering we were shown around and had a couple areas to pick from to accomodate the six of us.  The place is pretty small with basically a U-shaped layout.  We ordered drinks and food and they came quickly.  One person in our party knoced over her Long Island Tea real close to my lap.  I was able to avoid getting soaked just barely.  The drink was quickly mopped up and replaced with no sour glances from the waiting staff.  I thought the food was pretty good.  I had the chile dog.  It was big enough and laid in a bed of fries.  The only knock I had on it was that there could have been more chile on it.  I guess I was fooled by the item's name - "chile dog."  Music was good and several in our party were wanting to dance.  There really isn't a designated dancing area so they just kind of improvised there by the table.  They were soon told to get out of the way and were shuffled off to the end of the bar near a back entrance.  I guess that was OK as the dancers didn't complain.  I was happy nursing several Red Stripes at the table.  Later my son and I decided to take in a game of pool.  The pool tables are located in one leg of the U-shaped establishment.  There are two tables that are kind of close to some of the seats in that area.  Well I guess the Red Stripe was having an effect on me because I got the butt-end of my pool cue a bit too close to some dude with 6-foot dreads and he bailed out of his seat.  Once I realised my mistake I was all over the apology and he seemed cool with everything.  Shortly after, though, his buddy, a short-haired, squatty, 30-something individual decided to sit with dangling legs on the end of the pool table on which my son and I were playing.  Initially confused I asked him what was going on.  I then learned that the pool cue incident had not really been closed.  Through some dialogue I got him off the table and thought we were good.  However, after a few more minutes of playing he was again planted back on the end of the table happily swinging his legs.  Provocation red flags were in full alarm now and I had to ask him again what the deal was.  I was informed that I had not adequately apologized to his Rasta friend and that he was going to physically take me out if I didn't get it done.  My Red Stripe-laden mind was trying with trouble to process this.  On the surface it didn't stack up since I stand around 6'3" at about 220 pounds with not a lot of fat and I was holding (the cue).  This guy was about 5'9" with sort of a dumpy build.  Because I am a peaceful sort of guy I got through the situation with some more dialogue with the guy.  It was all very weird.  Anyway, the point to this part of the review is to get a flavor for the potential of the establishment's clientele.  After it was all said and done we had an OK time.  The pool table incident was different but we didn't let it bother us too much.  It was an interesting place but nothing set it apart from any of the other hundreds of similar places around Portland.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2007,10/16/2007,24,60,,10,3>I'm not the type of person that usually pays $35 for a haircut.  I prefer easy, low-maintenance styles, so I usually just go wherever and get a trim.  But it had been 18+ months since my last haircut so I decided to go for it.  I read all the great reviews about Grace Salon so I booked an appt.  Eve was great.  She had to shampoo and comb out my ratsnest before cutting it in half and she gave me a great, simple, but well done cut.  She took her time and made conversation, but not the forced kind.  There were several other clients in the salon at the time so it was fun listening to them all.  I ended up paying $90 for the cut, 2 products, and tip (I tipped heavy because my hair was more than just your normal cut) and it was worth it. .2 days out, I'm super satisfied and so glad I chose Grace Salon.  I made an appt for my husband with Eve for a haircut tonight and I will definitely go back, though probably sooner than 18 months from now.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,10/15/2007,51,116,,4,3>Conveniently located in the heart of Hawthorne, Presents of Mind is one the more unique gift shops in Portland. I call it my "oh-crap-I-forgot" saving grace of a store. I can find almost anything for anyone of any age for any occasion. Weddings, birthdays, bachelorette parties, baby showers, wedding showers, mother's day, graduation... you name it! They carry unique jewelry, cute t-shirts and pajamas (including Paul Frank), dish ware, journals, toys, candles, creative wrapping supplies, a huge selection of greeting cards (many locally made), and about anything else you can think of. Their prices are quite reasonable and the staff is really great at helping you throw together a last minute gift.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,10/14/2007,0,9,1,3,>Best brewery in town.  I used to live by there, and now that I don't I still go back weekly.  Great outdoor eating, awesome beer (Desolation), the staff is great, good vibe, etc, etc.  Can't go wrong.  Whenever friends are in town, that's our first stop.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2007,10/13/2007,24,65,,5,>I've eaten here a few times and each time it has been good. The salads and apps, I found, to be the best deal (esp that which you can get during happy hour). The entrees are ok and I didn't think were really good, but the salad and app made up for it. The portions are big enough you could make a meal out of those things. They also have some tasty drink concoctions.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2007,10/12/2007,8,11,,2,3>I love this place!!  The sushi is to die for, and the staff is really friendly.  My favorite thing is that they have state rolls, a different maki roll for each state.  They only have about 20 out of 50 states, but they are all really fun and charming, and I feel they accurately represent each of those states.  I have never been to Syun so I don't know how they compare (although from what I understand, Sushi & Maki is less expensive), but I would describe Sushi & Maki as the sushi mecca of Hillsboro.  There is generally a wait for a table, and I would make the criticism that they are slightly understaffed.  I'm not sure if she's the owner or manager or what, but this one lady seems to be the only waitress, even on a weekend night...  That doesn't make me want to go any less though; this sushi is worth waiting for.This restaurant does that Asian restaurant siesta thing, where they are closed in the afternoon from around 2:30 to 5:30 or something like that.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,3/10/2013,74,203,3,6,7>I freaking LOVE this winery.   Byron Dooley is one of the most prolific winemakers I've been fortunate enough to meet.  He makes over 10 different types of wines, and to my delight, about 4-5 different Pinot Noirs. His pinot ranges from refined and elegant to big and bold ( cali style ) depending on vineyard and vintage.He's the first winemaker to show me that there really isn't a correlation between wine color and depth of flavor, as his wines are almost see through, yet full in flavor.Try his tasting flight, which comes with chocolates made by his wife of Honest Chocolates... you'll have a great time, learn a lot about wine while drinking some of Oregon's best.Tell him I sent you and maybe he'll pull out a bottle of some secret side project he's been working on!!
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,3/9/2013,18,191,9,10,7>Its really not fair that this place is attached to my gym. She keeps the door open and the candy sings to me. Its really not fair, 500 calories gone, 500 calories right back. She's a character, has dope hair and an English accent. She knows a lot about candies around the world too.The toffee is super good and the sour stuff is REALLY sour. Remember cry babies? Multiply those times 10 and then suck on a lemon and then... eat something else that is also sour and you'll get a small idea of the power here. I almost had to pull over, do not operate heavy machinery and try to eat a piece of blueberry sour tape. There are too many bikers on Alberta, even in these winter months to take this risk.I like how she always says to brush your teeth. GO HERE.  Buy a candy for you and your friends. Don't be such a scrooge.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,3/8/2013,64,120,13,18,17>The Tabes.I'm well-known around these parts to write glowing (or steaming) reviews of places based on a minimum number of visits. My enthusiasm or seething rancor can lead to very hasty pronouncements, okay, let's just call them judgements. However, that won't be the case here. I've been to Tabor possibly an unhealthy number of times and am here to report that it is a real solid destination for good grub and grog in North Tabor, if such a title exists for this neighborhood.I won't waste any more of your precious time: the food here is the business. Iffn you have only ever had poutine from, say, Potato Champion, you owe it to your inner fatty to get you TT's version forthwith. It is les supertits. The fries are crisp, the cheddar curds gooey and the onion gravy...oh my lands, did I mention the onion gravy? You could put it on a bowl of dryer lint and I'd down that action. The Tabor Burger might be one of the best burgers in town. In addition to the quality meat and tasty bun, the bacon jam is what elevates it to a city's best for me. The arugula is also most welcome in my mouth.Always a nice selection of beers on tap and a thoughtful cocktail list here. I've not had  a dessert here so you'll have to venture down that path sans guidance from AG. There is also a weekend brunch menu that I promise to you that I will try and report back on. I'll do my intrepid best, you have my word.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,3/7/2013,21,41,19,9,8>"To cut a dog's hair is to impart your spirit on the Animal Kingdom"                                                                              -GhandiOk, Ghandi probably never said that.  But my point is that Pupdo's is a great place for my dogs and their hair sweaters.  And they are hairy: think of Chewbacca on Propecia, pre-Furminator.  Now double that hairiness.  You can now fully appreciate living with two of the most hirsute animals around.  Speaking tangentially, is it a coincidence that hirsute sounds like "hair-suit"? Don't answer, I already knowMy dog's hair was so long he was accosted on Hawthorne Street by some hippies yelling "get a haircut!".  Talk about man's inhumanity to dog.Sadly, one of my dogs is blind.  At least he claims to be. And the folks at pupdo's went out of their way to accomodate him, although I did not see that he was afforded a blue space in which to lay.   The reason I state my dog "claims" to be blind is I could swear after a recent trip to Pupdos I caught him checking himself out in the mirror.Pupdo's, unlike some other not-to-be-named establishments, do not keep their "clients" in cages both before and after their styling.  At the last place I went I felt a flashback to Rambo 2.  Remember that scene with Rambo and the POW's and the.....oh forget it, you probably don't.  My point is that the dogs, like you and I people,  are happiest when they are free to run, pee and sniff others with abandon.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,3/6/2013,132,271,4,8,6>Without fail, when my mom visits me, she will ask for me to take her here. She loves the beautiful in season berries (she always visits me during summer, the only time we should allow visitors), and the cheap prices.  I lean towards the savory waffles, like the Triple-B or Whole Farm.  Ideally, you should go with someone that can handle 1.5 waffles.  So each can get a savory & then share a sweet one.  I think the sweet one is a little too much for 1 person.Since the prices are low, I usually like to support them by not using credit card and ordering their lemonade too.They have expanded their seating area some from the very first time I visited by adding a few picnic tables under a canopy on the parking lot.  A pleasant place to sit during the summer months.  When it's raining, you can always squeeze inside - definitely a tight space in there.While the other Waffle Window location is more spacious, I like this one better for some reason.  I'm sure I will keep going to this place for many years to come.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,3/5/2013,152,351,7,10,6>After a year of severe, debilitating GI problems -- to which Kaiser Permanente only shrugged and suggested a completely inappropriate surgery -- I switched insurance and went to a naturopath.After a few tests she diagnosed the problem and put me on a restricted diet that's very similar to Paleo. Primary symptoms vanished within a week and I've spent the last year rebuilding my gut health, gaining strength, and mopping up the secondary problems. Which is a long-winded way of saying I was more than excited when this cart opened just a stone's throw (or, would it be a spear?) from my house. It's such a pleasure to eat food that's good and good for me, with no worries about surprise ingredients, and from such nice folks!  Pro tip: When you feel a cold coming on or the flu starts going around your work, pop by the cart for some bone broth. It's the best medicine.In reading some of the negative reviews I see a lot of ignorance about what a paleo or primal diet is, and why people do it. As a professional librarian, I would be happy to point you to authoritative resources on the topic if you would like more information.[Yelp 30 Challenge: 10/30]
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/4/2013,248,813,20,12,10>The story goes that previous employees of Flying Pie (Portland, OR) started this location over 25 years ago. If you've been to both spots like I have, the similarities in pizza are there -- namely lots of toppings.I joined a friend for a late lunch in early November. He had raved about this place a couple of times, so when the pizza bender kicked in, I figured it was time to try it out. The inside has that pizza lounge feel to it, with games isolated in a section of the establishment. Juliano's calls it a classic rock atmosphere, and its inner walls will confirm that. We sat in the middle, allowing me an acceptable view of the cook in the back making pizza.The dough is hand-tossed, cooked in a three-tier rotating oven. There are basically five sizes of pizza, from the mini 6" pizzas to the 16" XL pies that can reportedly feed 4-5 adults. Knowing my appetite, the 16" may only feed two of me. Oops.While you can build your own pizza, Juliano's has a number of different specialty pies. Their signature is the "Hurricane," which is basically a supreme pizza. While the prices are steep (a 16" Hurricane is a whopping $30.95), just remember they pile the toppings on like mad.For my gluten-free friends, they have gluten-free pizza crusts (10" and 14"). I'm not sure how they prevent cross-contamination issues, though.My friend and I split a 10" (yeah, a good snack for me). I got Hawaiian on my half, while my friend went with Canadian bacon and Italian sausage. A bit of complementary garlic on his half, and I loaded my side up.Very good pizza. Thin, crispy crust. Good pizza sauce and fairly light on the cheese. A nice layer of toppings, just as advertised. It'll be a chore to get an intact slice transferred to your plate, though. Also, if you're in a rush, call in your order well ahead of time. Pizzas may take 25-30 minutes to cook, sometimes longer. I'm not sure if our pizza needed that much time, but only because it was a smaller pie.Meat lovers should get the "Hefty Ho," while the veggie lovers should like choices such as "The Veggie Delight" or "The Grateful Veggie." Personally, the "Santa Fe" (BBQ sauce, roasted chicken, onions, olives, roasted red peppers) also sounds awesome.Of course, if you want sandwiches, salads, calzones, or wings, Juliano's also has those. They say they have "wings of fire" (buffalo wings), but I doubt they'll ever reach (or would want to reach) the nuclear levels I've faced. Six of those come to $4.95, while a dozen sets you back $9.50. Each sandwich is $5.95, served on ciabatta, and includes chips. Four types (Italian Club, Tastes Like Pizza, Chicken Bacon Ranch, and Gimme the Greek).As far as their lunch menu goes, it's a "build your own slice" deal. Two toppings and soda is $4.95. Add a salad to make it $6.75. If you just want a slice of cheese pizza, it's under $3.They serve Pepsi beverages. I personally don't drink soda, but it may matter to some people that do care.Yo beer drinkers! Juliano's has domestics and microbrews. Sizes are pint, small pitcher, or large pitcher.Friendly service -- and I'm tempted to see if I can take down a 12" in under 10 minutes. The server there doubted me, and the panda loves to prove people wrong. I'll be back for sure once my wallet decides to like me again.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,3/3/2013,30,137,17,8,4>Instructions to dine at Yuzu:1. Go park your car in front of the (almost invisible) sign that reads Yuzu five minutes before the restaurants opens for dinner. 2. Rush to get in the moment the Open sign lights up.   2a. Try not to get trampled by the other hopefuls who'll attempt to beat you to the door.3. Order a kakuni ramen (pork broth = awesome)4. Order a bunch of other stuff that you've never even heard of, but sounds tasty/bizarre. Chances are that it'll be delicious.5. Rinse and repeat.6. Tell your friends (or better yet don't tell your friends because otherwise we'll all collide on our rush to the door).
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,3/2/2013,261,97,3,5,4>What a lovely addition to the neighborhood! The decor in this shop is absolutely adorable. Vintage bakeware, thermoses, and American artifacts dot the walls and counters playfully. They have select local teas and kombucha. There's something for everyone be it vegan, meat fan, gluten free or for someone looking for a sweet treat. I picked up a biscuit breakfast sandwich which was so tasty! Buttery flakey biscuit housed crisp bacon and a freshly baked egg. To top it off arugula adds a bit of green with sprinkles of sharp blue cheese and sweet home made jam. While I waited for Mary to make my coffee and treats I noticed the sour cream & pumpkin filling muffins for sale. I couldn't resist picking one up for an afternoon reward. Mary was very kind and handled the folks orders with ease. She even took the time to introduce herself with a smile. My coffee was hot, my sandwich filling and my muffin looks like it will be just as good. Folks in the neighborhood take note. We got a gem of a bakery waiting for you to befriend. This is what makes Portland special.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,3/1/2013,124,51,4,9,7>I HEART this place! Here in Portland we have the luxury to pick and choose from a kick-ass selection of delectable shops. You'd think they'd all start to blend together and offer the same experience. Heart proves that isn't true! I spent a Sunday afternoon at Heart and enjoyed my espresso (amazing, by the way) in an awesome, understated atmosphere. Though the space is small, they've managed to fit a good amount of seating inside. I could see myself getting some work done here (but the reviewers don't take kindly to those that plunk down with laptop for too long). The baristas were beyond friendly and had no problem chatting with me while I waited for my friend to show up. Heart is laid back and unpretentious. It has all the makings of an amazing coffee shop without that hipster attitude. Loves it.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,6/12/2013,273,418,9,9,13>You know those cheesy country songs?No, not the sad ones about exes wreckin' trucks and takin' yer dog.The ones filled with sugary platitudes about a comfortable, innocent past that never existed.Not sure what I'm talking about?Drinkin' yer first beer?Kissin' yer first girl?Takin' the backroads?Arms out, windows down?Puttin' on yer Sunday best?Family brunches after church?Shootin' rifles with grandpa?THOSE kind.Well, the Mazamas make me feel like that.  I am from a place with no mountains, no rocks, not really any trails. I didn't see a "babbling brook" till I was in my 20's.When I moved to Portland I was barely what you would call a "hiker".  I had only camped "in the woods", one time, and I was carrying my sleeping bag in my ARMS the entire hike in.  But I loved the outdoors and I loved taking photos of the outdoors.I'd see these magnificent, monolithic, white castles towering alone in the NW and think "I gotta get up there!"But.  I'd also think "I really, really don't want to die."So what's a lad with high dreams and low skills to do?  I googled "Portland mountaineering" and stumbled upon the Mazamas.  I took their Basic Education Climbing Program in 2010 and never looked back.  I have since taken every climbing class they offer.  Snow, Rock, Ice, I love 'em all.I'm so grateful to this organization that I now volunteer to help others that were in the very same position I was in some three years ago.  And you know what: I LOVE IT.  There are seriously few other ways I'd like to spend my time (ok, perhaps I'd rather be climbing something, maybe, sometimes)  It's incredibly inspiriting to help people achieve things they never thought were possible (I'm sorry if that sounds like a line from a religious cult).Learning something new can be really intimidating.  I know I was a bit scared and a bit timid when I first signed up for BCEP...but this is normal.  Don't be shy, if you want to get into climbing, check out the BCEP class.Contrary to popular belief, this is not some exclusive club.  You don't have to be a member to do any of the activities the Mazamas offer.  Stop by the mountaineering center (I kind of got off-topic, but that's what this review is supposed to be of) and ask the folks in there some questions, I'm sure you have many of them.See you in "The Hills"!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,6/11/2013,196,280,4,15,6>My first bowl of ramen was during my visit in Tokyo, Japan five years ago & I was hooked from that moment on. It wasn't until I moved to Portland, over a year later, when I got my second fix. After a tireless, ongoing search I finally found & have determined Yuzu serves the best ramen in Portland. Most reviews rave & insist on ordering the Kakuni ramen. Because I'm not fond of pork belly, I steer away from it & order the Tonkotsu ramen. It's just as delicious with leaner roast pork rather than the soft, fatty pork belly. If texture is an issue, which it is for me, than Tonkotsu may be the better option for you as well. The cloudy, white colored pork bone broth is savory & filled with immense flavor while the noodles are cooked perfectly. The bowl looks small but the portions are far from it.The hot dish appetizer of bok choy is good but why must you cut off the leaves, Yuzu? That's the best part about bok choy. It was still tasty but it would've been more succulent if the leaves hadn't been removed.Another hot dish appetizer to try is the agedashi tofu. It's several large chunks of lightly fried tofu bathed in a broth much like soy sauce but lighter in flavor & less salty. A sprinkle of diced, green chives top it off should one desire more flavors in their bite.For everyone out there, especially Dorene S., Yuzu does accept reservations as well as walk-ins. They open at 6:00pm but fill up very quickly due to its small sized venue & because of this reservations are recommended. If you call before or after business hours then leave a message to reserve your spot. They will return your call just an hour or so before opening & I've never had any problems with it.Yuzu is located in a strip mall on the opposite end of Best Teriyaki. The only signage for it is four alpha stickers spelling out YUZU on the glass door. Not very obvious if you're driving by.The service has always been from the same friendly & very pleasant asian woman. The food is delectable, the service is top notch & now all they need to do is open a second location, preferably in SE PDX.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,6/10/2013,219,427,9,12,9>I love this place so much I would totally work here. It's my go-to spot if I eat out for lunch. I adore their lunchtime crew, a truly jolly bunch who serves up my pizza slice piled high with toppings piping hot and keeps the salad bar freshly stocked. Get the lunch special. It's something like $6 for a gargantuan slice of cheese pizza with salad bar, breadstick and a soda. Toppings are an extra $.25 a piece. Unless you are a professional eater don't get more than two, once you see the amount of toppings they pile on, you will understand. It's so much food I usually get two meals from it. If you are coming for lunch,  I recommend getting there just before the noon herd of h.s. students show up or towards the end of the noon hour. Showing up exactly at noon is a rookie move and you will stand in a long line of annoying teeny boppers picking their zits and you'll lose your appetite. Anyways, back to the awesomeness. I love their pizza. It's served on a thick crust with a sauce that is just right and an overwhelming variety of toppings to choose from. Also there is beer! They have an excellent taplist of local favorites. The space is large so it can easily handle groups and there's plenty of cool memorabilia adorning the walls to check out during the short wait for your pizza.  In sum, Flying Pie is cheap and crazy delicious. In the massively uptight circle-jerk that is Lake Oswego, this place is a welcome breath of fresh air.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,6/9/2013,225,201,2,4,5>What a wonderful place for breakfast or brunch. My buddy and I hit it up on a weekday so there was no wait or crowds. There is no parking so you will have to tie up your horse drawn carriage on the side of the street, and yes, there are ties that you could attach your horse to! No joke. Helser's is a nice, clean establishment right in the Alberta district. It's a small, quaint place and is usually crowded, but the weekdays are manageable. The food? Awesome. Pepper bacon & Cheddar Hash is pepper bacon, Tillamook cheddar, Yukon Gold potatoes, scallions, Crème Fraiche, with two poached eggs. Yummy yummy for my tummy. Scotch Egg? Never had one until now and I'm slapping myself for not trying one sooner. It's a hard boiled egg wrapped in bratwurst, lightly breaded and fried golden brown. Served with three potato pancakes and horseradish cream. Absolutely delicious! Prices are pretty reasonable for the quality of grub you get. Service is pretty good considering how busy these guys get. Go to Helser's and get you some!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,6/8/2013,15,172,3,6,5>Last night my wife and I shared a sexy woman. Oh, Relax--It's not what you think.  Get your mind out of the gutter!We met up with some friends at Andina for dinner.  Best get reservations--we'd made the mistake of not having any and that's a no-no for a Saturday night here.  After an hour's wait on standby (again, our fault) we were seated at a cozy table down on the basement level (Andina has three floors).  We started with the Sacsayhuaman (pronounced "sexy woman", optionally with a suggestive tone), one of Andina's signature cocktails, a delightfully tart passion-fruit drink with habanero pepper-infused vodka, a sugared rim and a small cilantro leaf floating on top.  It wasn't what I'd call "spicy" but it had just a little warm kick on the finish, and a delightful nip of cilantro accompanied that last sip. Excellent!After downing that sexy drink, Wife N moved on to the Ron-yki-on, a grapefruit-lime cocktail with a ginger kick.   Or is it ginger with a grapefruit-lime twist? Either way, this was another excellent drink.  I had the Pisco Sour which had very unique and complementary flavors and lovely egg-white foam on top with a few dashes of Angostura Bitters.We had several of the tapas plates, starting with the "5 Elementos Cebiche", raw fish cubes in a citrusy broth they call "Leche de tigre" accompanied by a small amount of corn and thinly sliced onions.  Very tasty dish that would be particularly ideal for sashimi lovers.Other tapas we tried included the Sopa del dia (soup of the day), a butternut squash with mushrooms and other delightful flavors.  Honestly the best butternut squash soup I've ever tasted.  We also tried the Conchas a la Parilla, a large (roughly size 6) Diver Scallop with a tamari-butter sauce and shredded crispy onions as a garnish.  The sear on the scallop was absolutely perfect and it was cooked evenly and flawlessly the whole way though. An inch thick, this was one of the best tasting scallops I've ever eaten.  A "small" gets you a single scallop--so best get a medium (2) or a large (4) if a table of four are partaking.  $10 per scallop seems a tad pricey, but you get what you pay for.We shared a Quinoa plate with cheese and mushrooms.  I'm not a big fan of quinoa but this was a decent dish--we all agreed this selection would be great for quinoa lovers, but not your "average" eater.Wife, who is a bit pickier and had only a few nibbles of the tapas plates, decided to just order herself a full dinner platter of the Arroz con Pato.  This is the Peruvian version of "duck two ways"--a perfectly crispy but juicy confit of duck (leg and thigh together) along with a grilled duck breast cooked a perfect medium (to order). It came with a side of cilantro-lime rice and a passionfruit sauce which was heavenly.We ordered the creme brulee for dessert.  Their creme brulee's come in three different small ramekins on one plate.  Tonight's flavors were vanilla, blackberry, and sweet red pepper.  The Vanilla is exactly what you'd expect for a creme brulee, though we thought it could have been slightly firmer--the taste was spot on.  I've never had flavored creme brulees but the blackberry was good.  Oddly enough, I liked the Red Pepper brulee the best--weird I know, but it really was quite lovely.As with most tapas restaurants, it's loud.  Not really the place you'll want to go for that quiet, intimate special date-night-meal and unless you're speaking rather loudly, most of your conversation will involve "what...?"  Service was really-off-the-scale good, and our waiter REALLY knew his stuff about every single plate, happily offering explanations of which regions within Peru each plate came from, suggesting which things we might want to try based upon our likings---he just exuded this "I'm just so happy to be here serving you" vibe that really made the night.  The guy loves his job and it showed in his service.I've now been out to a number of different tapas restaurants, and I can honestly say that while the competition is stiff, Andina is the best of the bunch.  The food here has the best flavor combinations---well-thought-out spices, heat, and subtleties that left my mouth watering for more, even if my tummy said "Umm....you've already eaten too much..."  Tapas is not generally cheap food, and Andina is right up there in price.  Your average eater should expect to spend $40-50 a person--more if you're imbibing or have an above-average appetite.Fantastico!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,6/7/2013,56,165,3,6,6>Alfredo M. totally sums up The Slingshot Lounge perfectly when he said "Awesome diamond in the rough in a decidedly un-polished hood. Great for drinks, cool decor, extra-long booths, friendly service, but the excellent food really steals the show!"Well said, Alfredo M. And Don B. is so right when he said that "this bar doesn't seem to belong to the old FoPo ghetto dress." I was actually really shocked by Slingshot. I was expecting something... dirtier? divvy-er? .... more ghetto? But it's not. At all. It's clean, the decor is very fresh and funky, with blown-up, close-up photos of Japanese tattooing. The booths, like Alfredo mentioned, are much longer than normal. You could get 4 people per side or more! And the drink selection is awesome, affordable, and complete. Happy Hour is fantastic here, and stretches an hour later than most (as of today, 2/20/13 it goes until 7 p.m. instead of 6 p.m.)What surprised me the most was how delicious the food was. Excellent burger, excellent bruschetta-like tomatoes on toast type thing, and I'm dying to come back and try the rest of it. I highly, highly recommend Slingshot for Happy Hour. It wasn't at all crowded, it was chill, service was kind and fast. Cold drinks, great food, a bar cat. What more could you ask for?As crazy cat people, my wife and I were keeping an eye out for Whiskey Cat, the resident feline who lives at the Slingshot, but he must have been napping down in the basement or something. He was M.I.A. as a host. For Portland as a whole, The Slingshot is probably more like a 4 star establishment. As good as it gets? That may be a little too lofty for The Slingshot Lounge. But as far as FoPo goes, The Slingshot is absolutely as good as it gets and 5 stars. If I lived in this neighborhood I'd be a regular here and doubt I'd even go elsewhere for drinks.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,6/6/2013,161,578,2,8,3>As a trained observer, I pride myself in knowing about businesses who are known as institutions, particularly ones in my neighborhood.  Well, I missed the boat on this one.  This business has been around since the early 1980's and while it has somewhat cramped quarters, they make the most of their surroundings.  Located in Multnomah Village this place serves up some of the most authentic German style cooking that I've ever encountered.  And while, I'm some what timid in terms of trial and error when it comes to food.  This place is a gastronomical delight.We were out with another couple and the female half of that couple indicated that when they came here the first time she, much like me, was somewhat hesitant to try some of their delights lest she dislike them and go hungry.  She assured me that, that would not occur.  I tried the chicken oscar and be sure to order the pickle soup with it.  Pickle soup may not sound like the most appetizing thing out there but I knew I had to try it as everyone at the table was and I wanted to be able to say I tried pickle soup.  They have the recipe for it on the back of their business cards which are placed in Bavarian style mugs that reside on the dining tables.Typically, only open from 5p to 9p most evenings, it's packed to the gills during that four hour block.  So, if you want to assure you get in, make a reservation.  It's definitely a fun spot.  On this occasion, one of the foursome at our table order just water to drink, they initially forgot that and brought and extra beer by mistake (we didn't complain).  It gave us a funny story to tell.I'll definitely want to come back and introduce others to this fine dining experience.  It's not a fancy place so don't worry about dressing up to come by and sample their good cooking.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/5/2013,18,191,9,3,4>In the NE, there isn't a better thai place. The egg rolls are AMAZING. I don't eat fried food basically ever and I ate all of mine and I kept stealing them from my date. She was not amused and there might not be another date, but its worth the risk. I am giving up makeouts for these egg rolls.I love pad kee mao, and the PKM here is for sure the best I've had. The noodles are delicious, and the veggies taste incredible. Why is this place so much better than any other? Chai Thai in Gresham MIGHT be better, but its too far away in the same direction and I don't think I'll ever go there again. The last time I was there someone crashed into a car right out front, and I think that was a bad omen for that place. Anyway. If you're reading this and you're back and forth about the Thai place for you, go here. You can trust me, I've got a nice smile and a comforting tone. If its not the best Thai in town, I will literally buy you dinner anywhere you want. I'm missing out on makeouts because of that egg roll fiasco, so I could use all the dates I can get.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,6/4/2013,127,273,5,5,6>Lardo's portions are heaping, not only in size but in flavor.  Shout out to the slice of pork-belly they manage to cook perfectly on a variety of their sandwiches.  This is not slimy pork belly, not weird "why do people eat this?" pork-belly, this is thick, crispy hearty pork belly.   The egg-sandwich, served on Brioche bread, with it's delicious pork-belly slice, has won me over.  Their Burger ain't shit to mess around with either.  Cheese, meaty, porky goodness, with a mess of fries to tide over any lard-ass appetite you may have ever had.I have yet to try any of their "leaner" sounding menu items, but I feel that should be my next course of action.  Living directly over a Lardo's, you just can't eat their full meals as often as you might be tempted to.  Not if you value your heart or your vague ass-shape.    They do sell some kind of salad, something with tuna on it, and a vegetarian sandwich.  My piece of advice to all fellow Lard-Asses (yes that is officially what I declare Lardo fans to be, we are Lard-Asses) is to share the fries unless you are one of the people that can truly eat for days (my husband is a thin man but a bottomless pit, and even he can't finish the fries and any full sandwich).  I repeat: share a side of fries, those things are ridiculously good but portioned in out of this world ways.And my last meek request to Lardo's: maybe half-portions? The full sandwiches can be kind of pricey, which is fair since it truly is a lot of food - and excellent quality food at that.  But sometimes I really just want a little teensy Lardo fix.  Sliders?  Kids meals (that adults are allowed to buy)?  Half-sandwiches? You name it, if you make a mini meal version of any of your plates, that will be the end of me.  I will be there all the time.  I rarely will spring for $10-$13 on a sandwich plus fries, BUT I will spring at least a few times a week for like a $5 to $6 nibble.  Help me help myself.  Oh yes, and one more thing - Lardo's, please don't let kids run around crazily in the store.  I've seen on my three visits here, every single time, a group of parents sitting happily eating their food, while their offspring run in fucking circles around and around and around, kicking shit over and taking over tables they aren't even eating at, shooting at each other or screaming at the top of their rich-kid lungs.  Make people keep their kids at least in front of them, so the rest of us Lard-Asses can eat in peace.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,6/3/2013,466,819,5,12,9>Fondue Fries!? Yes please!32oz Mason Jar drinks for $8!? Oh hells yes. Needless to say I will certainly be back. Especially after looking at their Happy Hour deals. Plus it runs from 4-8pm. Heck yes.  Their food all looked delicious. The guy next to me had some chicken dish that smelled amazing. The fondue fries hit the spot and would have been really good with some hot sauce. All of the drinks had fresh ingredients and for the price, it really sets this place apart. I first tried the 'Bitchy Parrot' drink...which they do indeed warn you that it is spicy...and yes, they weren't kidding. I enjoy spicy drinks but this was almost over the top. The flavor was bland and could have used a bit more of the pineapple juice and OJ to offset the spice. They definitely didn't put enough in. Next I tried out the 'Guilty Sparrow' which was excellent. Just enough sweet and savory flavors between the citrus and ginger. Their seasonal drink was a apple cinnamon infused whiskey of sorts...that too was pretty tasty. And yes, I had nearly 3 drinks :D Obviously the fondue fries were needed at that point. I will say that looking at the menu there is a ton to choose from and prices are all very fare. The only thing that's lacking is overall space. Not a ton of places to sit and this place definitely gets crowded and there will likely be a long line for a drink. Also, there is a DJ that plays some fun music but if you're here to talk...the music can be a bit loud. The staff here is great though and makes for a fun stop.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2009,4/10/2010,189,360,6,8,8>Its called Saint Cupcake - because you walk in and get the sense you're in heaven.  Cupcake heaven, where delicious scents swirl about your head making you feel giddy and intoxicated.  And where cute adorable little sainted cupcakes are all lined up, waiting for you to indulge in your every whim.This is one of my favorite places to go for an unusual twist on birthday cake.  Sometimes, cupcakes can be the lazy, uninspired alternative to a really great birthday cake, but here at Saint Cupcake, I know when I select a box of cupcakes, I'm getting the birthday person (and friends) an amazing treat.  The cupcakes come in a wide variety of flavors each day and all are very very pretty.Caveat: eat them the same day - they don't age well.  As if anyone could actually leave one of these babies lying around, but still.....
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,4/9/2010,457,244,18,18,13>It's kind of odd, but I've had a hard time writing up a review for Garden State and I'm not entirely sure why.I have ample Bon Jovi, Sopranos, Toxic Waste and Jersey Girl references I could easily throw together for a review, but none seem to fit quite right.  The muse of debauchery is always present and appealing, but I'm not sure depraved insinuations would really work here. And besides, do I really want to have to explain to Little O someday why daddy has such a fascination with hooker taints, lap dances and cocaine?  Certainly, there must be some creative angle I could take.  There has to be some unique approach, or outlandish perspective for this review that I'm missing.At the very least something to critique or make fun of...The food?  Well, it was truly fantastic.  My meatball hero was incredible...simple, to the point and filling.  4 large meatballs, marinara sauce and mozzarella on a toasted hoagie.  Throw in a side of chickpea fries and you have a meal that not only satisfies, but also puts you into a food coma for the remainder of the day.  Plus, the ingredients are local and fresh.Service?  Friendly and engaging.  Kevin is truly an artist with his offerings and his passion for what he does is evident in every bite.Location?  Right down the street from work.  It really doesn't get any better, although this could put a serious dent in my after lunch work performance as well as add a few extra pounds on my rapidly expanding gut.  So I guess there really is no angle, funny antidote or debase references that can do justice to Garden State and the fantastic food they are serving here in Sellwood.  The simple fact is this is the best cart food in Portland.  Hands down.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2010,4/8/2010,213,358,12,16,10>This place is super sweet, they have a huge selection of fresh made, frozen and bulks that just blows McWholeFoods outta the competition. This is a cooperative which means that it is so totally hippy friendly and it also gets the "Portland Thumbs Up & Wink" from all of us that Heart Portland for Who & What it is... Wholesome! Which has just triggered a question in me that now needs further inquiry... Is Portland a He or a She City? OMG I Don't know? I'm sure there's plenty of Masculine as well as Feminine Spirit here but which is more predominant? I'll leave you to ponder that for a while, but in the meantime head on down to this great Co-op to get your vegan and or grass fed on.Yum
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,4/7/2010,61,30,19,11,11>I don't know about you, but I'm tired of baked goods getting all up in my face, like the sticky WWF wrestlers of the food world. I like sugar, sure, but I don't need every bite to explode with frosting or jettison caramel all over my face. Why does this scone have 18 kinds of chocolate in it? Why does this cinnamon roll come in "Blue Razzberry" flavor? Call me old fashioned, but I sometimes think simplicity works best. Enter Little T, where simplicity is an art. To illustrate the difference, I've interviewed two cupcakes: one from a competing bakery, and one from Little T. Listen, please:Amanda: Hello!Competing Cupcake: OH YEEEEAH! SugarSmackdowwwwwn All Night Frosting XXXX-TREMMME All RIGHT! Can you SMELLLL what the baker is COOKING?!?!?!" *guitar solo*Little T Cupcake: Hello, I am a cupcake. *tips hat*Who needs all that yelling? Here, you'll find a bakery case filled with subtler treats. Little T has single-handedly brought back to (delicious, technicolor) life a few items that I'd previously rejected for being too boring. Take crumb cake, for example. Who orders plain crumb cake? Yet somehow a piece made its way to my mouth, and it was a revelation -- crumb cake, when done correctly, is AWESOME. Similarly, I'd always avoided scones; too often, they bring to mind the hard tack that might appear on an 18th century sea voyage. But here - my god - the oat date scone is transcendent. Transcendent! I still can't believe I habitually travel across town to get something with chunks of date in it (the elderly woman of fruits) but I've been won over. The bread, too, is amazing (same for the sandwiches), the drinks are always well-made, and the staff has been sweet every single time. Keep in mind, however, that this is primarily a bakery, and not a great hangout. There's seating and wi-fi, but the decor is quite sterile and the line often reaches epic proportions, especially on the weekend; I don't think I'd ever get anything done here. Early and late visitors might also have a tough time getting what they want; not everything is out of the oven at open, and most of the breads are gone by early afternoon. By the time they close at 5, there's nothing much to pick from, especially since they stop making sandwiches at 3.Wonderful stuff, in any case. And I bet this is the only review you've read today with a guitar solo in it!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,4/6/2010,135,161,9,14,9>It must have been fate that I got my hands on some Fifty Licks ice cream last night. I met up with a gaggle of Yeeps at Peoples Sandwich of Portland having already had dinner, but what was this...they serve ice cream? I got the Caramelized Apple ice cream and I have never tasted something that was so simple and yet complex at the same time. The sugar for the ice cream is all as a result of the caramelized apples, I was told. That's just nuts. It was sweet, just slightly tarty from the apples, with a creamy caramel texture. If they ever sold Fifty Licks at the grocery store, I would have to trade my Ben & Jerry's habit in for sure. Wooden spoon and all.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,4/5/2010,46,124,7,9,7>I'm a po' kid, but a nice haircut is something I have to treat myself to every few months. There's a sweet 25% off deal at the top of this page for a weekday haircut from Ashley and I highly suggest you take her up on it. Like, right now, because you need a haircut really bad.First of all, the haircut starts with a hair washing! I've been to one other salon in Portland before I came to Tiger Tiger, and for $50 they didn't do this, so I was worried that was the norm. But no, thankfully, my hair was washed AND I got a nice scalp massage. Heyooo.So, Ashley totally listened to everything I said. The length and layers are perfect. My bangs were expertly tapered and bang trims are free, yay! My hair is really thick so she made it a lot less heavy. Also, my hair is pretty straight, and though I've read lots of reviews saying she's great with curls, she's apparently great with both types of hair. And she blow dried it beautifully!Srsly, go to Ashley, she knows what she's doing. The 25% off thingy was sweet, but all this for the reg price of $45 is well worth it.Oh and the salon itself, located conveniently close to the Bye and Bye on Alberta (aka vegan meatball subs after my haircut, of course) is too cute. Have you ever watched Tabatha's Salon Takeover on Bravo?  I'm slightly embarassed to say that I have. And this place will never be on that show.
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,4/4/2010,108,280,5,9,11>i. LOVE. this. place.House of vintage is this insane bizarro store that carries everything you've ever wanted to steal from your grandma's house, but with the added display flair of anthropoligie'esque vintage chic.  I'm ecstatic to see that there are still some good thrift stores left that bring in items somewhat selectively without up-charging the merchandise to account for the buyer's fee (ahem, red light).  This is by far my favorite second hand store I've discovered since being in portland - and I've proactively sought out quite a few.  I have to admit, it's good the store isn't small, otherwise I'd tell everyone that it sucked so that I could keep everything for myself.  Luckily for you, it's huge so I can tell you the truth.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,4/3/2010,107,111,21,10,11>The following is a transcript of Laurelhurst Market's tearful, drunk, and somewhat rambling toast at the reception following the wedding of Andy and Hanger Steak W."Hey, I just, ah ... wanna say a few words ... Um ... Man, I love you guys ... I remember when I first introduced you two. Andy, you were having a barbecue, and Hanger Steak, you ... well, I'm not sure what you were doing, you were just kinda hanging around ... But you guys were just so fuc- I mean, freakin perfect for each other -- sorry Mrs W. ... And then a couple months later I remember you and I were talking, Andy, and you ... you were just gushing, just raving about Hanger Steak, and I remember telling you, you know, 'Andy, if you love Hanger Steak so much why don't you marry it?' ... I was just joking, but ... but I wasn't wrong -- I wasn't wrong, was I? 'Cause, shi- I mean um ... you guys are just so perfect together, and ... and look at you now. You're married ... Andy, you just look great, and ... so happy ...and ... I'm sorry, I promised myself I wasn't gonna cry ... And you, Hanger Steak, I mean, look at you. You're so beautiful ... but it's so much more than beauty ... you're tender and ... juicy and ... marbled ... I could just eat you up ... But I won't, I won't, that's for Andy later on tonight, heh heh ... um ... and I'm just so happy for both of you ... So here's to your life together ... I wish you guys nothing but the best."It was a beautiful ceremony.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,4/2/2010,184,343,11,13,13>1 hour bus ride from SW Portland + ($1 tacos x 3) + baked goods + Mexican pop = a trip worth taking.I think my favorite of the tacos I bought was the pastor, but the chicken was really good, too. I wasn't as crazy about the pastor, but it was good, so it doesn't really matter. They were 3 for 3.Aagh, more numbers. I don't like math.Anyways, the shop itself is full of wonders, such as the large case of fresh baked goods. I got this roll that reminded me a bit of King's Hawaiian Bread. They had the usual assortment of candies, Bimbo cookies, and canned goods.Would I ride the bus for another hour to get more tacos? Probably.Who am I kidding? Yes, I would. I just gotta make sure I have enough time on my hands first.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,4/1/2010,457,356,30,27,24>For those of you that know me or have met me at events you know I am a big guy... one might use the word "rotund".  Often these phrases escape my mouth more often than I wish..."Round is a shape!""Normally I don't go back for thirds.""You can't kick me out, the sign out front says 'All you can eat', you knew the risks when you made the offer!""I do exercise, I read mystery novels and let my flesh creep.""I would like two desserts please, one served before the meal and one after.""Gluttony is so a hobby!""I know you are from Greenpeace and you think you are helping but STOP trying to roll me back in the ocean!!!"One day I stepped out of the shower, turned, looked at the mirror and wondered why the ghost of John Candy was naked, wet and haunting me.  Then, upon further reflection (pun intended) it was me.  Later that day The Tax Deduction wanted to play and I was winded in minutes and had to rest.  Maybe it was time to join a gym?  I shuddered at the thought of 62 fit, trim twenty-somethings working out and then on the treadmill was me, sweaty, labored breathing and looking for all to see like Dudley from the movie "Hollywood Knights" (you need to see that movie!)I drove over to this 24 Hour Fitness since it is close to work, circled the parking lot a few times trying to work up courage, parked the car and sauntered in, trying to look cool.  At the counter was fit and trim gym-stud Rich welcoming me to his house of pain.  Maybe he didn't say it but that's what I heard in my head.  He took me over to a table and asked why I would like to join a gym.  Told him all the reasons I could think of..I want to play with my sonI want to stop scaring little childrenI want to liveDumb stuff like that..  He started to give me a tour of the gym.  It was very large and as I looked around I saw something amazing, the people were all shapes and sizes.  Fat, thin, in between, beautiful, homely, walkers and joggers all together.  I saw the pool, the steam rooms, the very clean locker room, the basketball court and other things that looked very organized.  Then, the time came to take me to the sales area and zero in on my wallet.I must say, Rich was very knowledgeable and understanding of my issues with restricted monthly income.  He did try to push the fitness instructors and really I could probably use one but it just ain't in the cards for me at this time.  He actually understood and backed off.  I signed the papers and felt slightly healthier for it.Now, after a couple of weeks of attending almost daily I am very comfortable in my new gym.  People are nice, or at least don't laugh out loud.  So far I have to admit I am happy about my decision to join 24 Hour Fitness.  If I was pressed to complain about anything I would join some who are not happy about a place to stretch.  I wish the Kids Club was open a little later on Sunday too.  Other than that, so far this Fat Kid is living the dream!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,4/16/2012,158,216,6,10,7>Am I  ramen expert? you betcha, where does this fall in pdx ramen hierarchy? fairly high at the top. Although their noodles were a bit spongy and the broth thicker and darker than what people might be used to it's still a pretty decent bowl.The bad: I do not understand this ala cart nonsense and this whole ramen at $12 a bowl. it's like biwa did it so now every one does it? what up with that? ok i said my peace amen. The decent: the ramen, tasted the abu ramen very nicely done, esp. with a good dose of the dragon sauce, nice presentation. the wafu bowl is tasty, I grew up in tokyo and I like a little bit salty, the only part that was a little hrmmm more decent that great was the noodles, a little on the spongy side and lacked that great chew I was looking for. wafu has found it's niche though I think by putting up something desirable and then having those exquisite small plate that are fantastic. the only one which feel a little short were the shrimp, as delicious as they were and the shrimp them selves tender, the tempura was soggy which was a little sad face. The great: braised lamb tongue omg..soooo good!!! it's like a fatty piece of lovely meat. don't be scured of the fact it's tongue, you'll thank me. this dish is fantastic. braised octopus. oh holly hell where did this come from? sooo good!!! amazing actually. you want this, trust me. The exceptional service must be noted. our server was friendly and worked her butt off for 20+ yelpers there. The GM was also great making great pains to make sure everything went smoothly as we basically took over his Restaurant nicely done. I had a great time. come join the ramen club for our next adventure!oh i forgot to mention the vegan broth!! very very tasty and on the sweeter side.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,4/15/2012,110,167,7,9,9>I'm miserable right now, and it's all Tonalli's fault! If they wouldn't have made such damn delicious donuts, I wouldn't have just eaten three, and now feel like my gut is going to explode! I planned on only have one tonight, but after having the fantastical butter milk bar, that they claimed was made with love, I couldn't stop. It must have been made with love, sex, and everything else euphoric.I also had the coconut cream topped chocolate donut that tasted like the donut version of a mounds bar, and a chocolate old fashioned, which was perfectly crispy on the outside and wonderfully cake-y on the inside. Best old fashioned donut I've ever had. TRUTH!Forget everything else I've ever said about the other Portland donuts shops. Tonalli's IS the best donut shop in town.
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2011,4/14/2012,149,161,7,7,6>Jerry and Ben are two of my best friends, especially during stressful times, they have gotten me through many a breakup.  They're always there and they never judge, most of all they say all the right things (read: nothing).  I don't have a lot of experience with Gelato, mostly because every time I try it I am disappointed trying to par it to B&J.Staccato Gelato is so good it almost fooled me!  Almost... well enough to trade in my 12,000,000 B&J indulgences.  Now when I indulge I won't be going to the gym for 4 hours the next day.Dear Jerry and Ben,It's been swell, but good-bye to you and your cellulite-causing deliciousness.Heart,Find me @ Staccato Gelato
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,4/13/2012,216,263,8,10,4>I can't give this place a review from the gay-man standpoint, because, well, I'm not a gay man.But I am a girl who loves going out and having a great time, which is what I always get here. Though I wasn't in the mood to dance, I was in the mood to have some bonding time with a friend I hadn't seen in a while. Surprisingly, a table at CC's offers just that. While other members of our group broke off throughout the bar (and broke it down on the dance floor), I had some great conversation and people watching at one of the tables.Oh, and I realized how many good looking gay men there are in Portland. That too was a mind-bender.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,4/12/2012,104,138,,9,6>Hooray for visionary pioneers and many thanks to Roger Goldingay for seeing the reality and opportunity in the trail infrastructure in outer SE and bringing us Cartlandia. Despite being right on 82nd, Cartlandia is an oasis and is really a facility for the Springwater Trail and nearby 205 multi-use path users. Heck, it's even close enough that someone could take the Green line to the Flavel station and have a nice walk before their meal. They've done a great job of recruiting a variety of food carts with some of the friendliest proprietors in town, and the Timber's viewing parties are genius. There's plenty of amenities for the clientele - bathrooms, seating, shade, water, air, bike racks, atm, plants etc.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,4/11/2012,138,512,1,10,8>I was looking for a well rated Thai place with good health scores and I happened upon the reviews for this place which is within 2 miles of my HOUSE and I have never noticed it.  How I missed it I have no idea, the good thing is that now I have eaten there and I loved it.We stopped by for lunch on a Saturday and were blown away by how beautifully decorated this place was, it is absolutely stunning inside.We ordered the fresh rolls first which were quite good, for entrees I ordered the Pad Thai and hubby the Drunken Noodles.  The Pad Thai was a bit sweet for my taste and I forgot it comes with Bean Sprouts which I hate, but after that squeeze of lime, the dish came alive; sweet, sour, YUM.Hubbies Drunken Noodles were some of the best I had, so loaded with veggies and chicken and a tad bit of spice (we ordered medium).  Soo very yummy.  Along with the bill she left a cute little dish with cherries, which was so sweet and a nice little ending.Natda was our Waitress and she is so cute and sweet.  The restaurant was empty for a moment and we chatted about Thailand and Massage, very interesting.I cant wait to go back and try everything else they offer.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2011,4/10/2012,99,154,2,7,5>Good. Cheap. Mexican food.And it's right here in my neighborhood. Surrounded by coffee shops, antique malls, and Asian restaurants, this understated gem can be easy to miss.But with a delicious array of meals for about $6 or less, it's well worth discovering. I've been a few times and have especially enjoyed the burritos. I usually get it to go, as I live nearby. Service is fast and friendly - I never wait more than a few minutes. The burritos are packed with delicious meat, rice, & beans - I'm never hungry afterwards.Having a Mexican restaurant so close by is great. Having one that is so delicious and affordable is awesome! Next time you're in Sellwood, venture over to 17th and check this place out!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,4/9/2012,94,218,8,7,6>Conversation upon entering the bar...Fred, the Friendly - How are you doing?Me - Wet!Fred The Friendly - That's great!Me - Great that I am wet?Fred The Friendly - What? As in who what where when?Me - No, as in wet, it is raining outside.  Have you been doing shots, Fred?This was a fun way to enter the bar and The Friendly continued to humor us.Wings could win a smack down.  Smoked, sticky and spicy.  I am going to try this at home.  The smokey flavor tossed in hot wing sauce was scrumptious!Fries - Home cut, just the right size and perfect crunchy to soft ratioPoppers - Expecting the normal grabbed-out-of-freezer-thrown-into-the-fryer poppers, I was pleasantly suprised that these actually appear to be hand made!  They looked like mini corn dogs.  I would have liked them more with a breading that wasn't so thick but that didn't stop me from cramming two of them past my lips.I was in a wine moodso had their house happy hour red.  Pretty darned good house red and that is coming from a gal who knows her reds. :-)I really like this place and as long as they have other staff as friendly as Fred The Friendly, they should be around for a long time!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,4/8/2012,107,287,7,12,10>"Hello delicious." That was the first thought that I had coming up to the Flying Fish Company Van.  Actually it might have been "hello cute lazy dog" that was sitting outside. OR "where do I walk into this place?". AND "thank god my Grandma is here to buy me all this".Because all this turned out to be lots of pure awesome. Snapper was his recommendation for the night and he did not steer us wrong. I also picked up some local (frozen) lamb shanks that made another fantastic dinner a few weeks later. For extras we got some smoked salmon (best smoked salmon I've ever had, but to be fair I haven't had a whole lot) a jar of local honey (AMAZING) and another jar of salsa (spicy!). Every.Single.Thing. was wonderful. I can't wait to go back and try more of his local offerings and I'm especially excited to try  things I've never made before (I'm looking at you oysters). While I can't say that I can afford to buy everything from Flying Fish Company, it's definitely a prime stop when I'm looking for something special and quality. While "hello delicious"  maybe wasn't my FIRST thought walking into the Flying Fish Company it was my last thought of the evening.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,4/7/2012,152,62,3,11,2>Kask has some exceptional potential.  The drinks at Kask are fantastic. Bar Manager Tommy Klus has done an exceptional job with his menu combining a wide range of tastes all done at the highest quality level. The Bootstrap Buck which is Rum, Lime and Ginger Beer is one of those amazing accesible drinks that appeals both to the casual drinker and cocktail enthusiast. He always has a $5 punch on the board which is a nice way to get something to drink almost instantly. Klus is an extremely dedicated barman and digs deep into historical cocktail texts for inspiration and amazing cocktails that have been forgotten to time.  Tommy is generally behind the bars on Monday and Friday nights and it's worth making a point to hit Kask when he his behind the bar.The space in Kask is both fantastic and frustrating. If you can grab a seat at the beautiful bar, it's easy to settle in for several drinks and feel like a regular.  The seating beyond the bar is just odd. I don't know why they opted for kindergarten sized chairs and tables. It just doesn't fit the small sexy vibe that the place seems to strive for. If you are unlucky and the bar is full your best bet is the corner bench where you don't have to sit on oddly small chairs.   Food wise the only options in Kaska charcuterie / cold cuts and cheese.  It would be nice if they offered a little bit more. I'm not expecting a massive menue but considering that one of the best hamburgers in town is served next door it would be nice to be able to enjoy more of Chris Israel's amazing food here.  If Kask were to revisit their seating, add some more food to the menu and embrase the dark sexy vibe they seem to be flirting with, it could become one of Portland's key bars to bring a date to.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2014,11/17/2014,86,225,6,8,10>Bikes. Beer. Pizza.Need I say more?I kinda have a serious crush on this neighborhood and Hopworks just made it into a full blown love affair.Popped in for lunch not so long ago with my better half.  When walking in the sign said "Please Wait to be Seated." So we did as the sign said and no one ever sat us.  The place wasn't busy, just no one checking the front. We finally scored a nearby booth.Our server was great.  Anything we ordered she always had an enthusiastic  remark, for example, I ordered the lunch special. Slice of pizza, with a beer, and pear walnut salad. Her response "excellent, excellent choice." My PIC had a burger and fries, her response "awesome order, you've done me proud."  We both had two rounds of the IPA (of course, it goes without saying.) That made our server even more delighted.  I kinda wanted to wrap her up and take her home with me, but that would be weird...maybe..I can't believe I'm saying this but the pizza was so effin good I ordered two more slices.  My man wanted me to share.  I gave him a scathing look but succumbed to his request, (only because he was driving and I didn't want to be left stranded.) Overall the price for our meal and drinks was well worth it.  Did I mention it's pretty kid friendly here?  They have a play section for the little ones and when it's nice out a cool patio for folks to enjoy.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,11/16/2014,40,122,3,9,9>I have a feeling Khao San will soon involve very long waits and lines out the door. I'll walk by and wonder why Portlanders are so ridiculously patient, yet I'll be there myself often. Everything about this place makes it completely worth it. First, and most importantly, the food is absolutely incredible. We started with the spring roll bites, which I can't rave about enough. They're fresh and flavorful, and that sauce... We then moved on to Pad Kee Mao with beef and Mussamun Chicken. I can honestly say that was the best Pad Kee Mao I've ever tasted, and I've consumed quite a lot of Thai noodles in my lifetime. The chicken was also fantastic, but not quite as bold and flavorful as the noodles. The three dishes were perfect to split between two people, and the prices are completely reasonable ($21 total). There's a solid drink menu - cocktails, wine, beer, and even two special brews made just for Khao San. I can't speak for these yet, but I'll definitely be back to try out some beverages with my next meal. It's also worth noting, the service here is amazing. Everyone was so friendly, outgoing, helpful and just seemed genuinely excited to be working in this new and awesome restaurant. Three different servers were running around helping us giving recommendations, asking how everything was, etc. (but not to the point of being annoying or invasive), and we aren't even needy guests! Lastly, the atmosphere is unique (food trucks inside, one table inside a truck...), trendy, and clean. It perfectly rounds out the experience, so I have nothing to complain about. Definitely check it out. I'll be bummed once I have to start waiting in lines for this, but it really will be worth it.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,11/15/2014,426,1757,12,14,12>It was my badge of dishonor and I wore it on my SUV for three years.In a perfect storm of circumstances that lead to disaster, I ended up "bumping" our garbage can while backing out of the garage. Didn't think much about it, until I saw the look of horror on Mr. K's face. Basically that little bump managed to create a whopper of a dent on the front panel and driver's side door of my car. And because it was my fault (with a lot of help from my son who was on garbage duty that week), and I have a high insurance deductible, I didn't fix it for years. Initially, we got estimates from established body shops (all over $1,000) and I was flagged down on occasion by guys in parking lots wanting to fix it ("Hey, lady!"). In a fit of exasperation, I might have taken a plunger to the car trying to "pop" it back out. It amused my husband for days, but my attempt was unsuccessful. But then Mr. K came to the rescue and got several personal recommendations from friends who used The Ding Bat.After an initial phone consultation which included sending photos, he explained what he thought he could and could not do and quoted a price for the repair.  It is a mobile service, so we arranged to have the repair done at the office parking lot during the work day. After inspecting the car in person, he again described the repair and what was included and not. It was raining, so he just put up an awning and then a few hours later, Voila! I could not believe the difference. He ended up accomplishing more than the consultation suggested and over delivered. The price was about a third of that quoted by the other body shops and it was just so darn easy and convenient. We paid by check. I believe it is a father/son business and Mike did the work on our car. Not that I hope to need his services any time in the near future, but for this repair it was a great experience. Can't believe I waited so long!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/14/2014,80,129,7,11,9>"Brie Brulee is my Crack." ~ fellow yelper/ friendWith a statement like that how could I not try this place? I came here on a tuesday with said yelper/friend and then went AGAIN that following weekend with a group of friends. It's seriously so good!The place is in a new building right off of Burnside & 28th. The decor is sleek and simple with nice wood furniture. It is kind of like Broder Nord. The most important part: The Food. Wow. The presentation is so nice. My friend and I spent a good five minutes just looking at the food and taking pictures for Yelp & other photo oriented social media things (Yes I know we're those people). Everyone should order the Brie Brulee, it is amazing. Especially paired with their housemade crackers. They do a savory oatmeal cookie which sounds weird but it had such a nice crispy texture I seriously debated bringing a jar home but my jeans wouldn't let me. They also have a housemade buttercracker that is flaky and crunchy at the same time. Each cheese plate comes with pickles, olives, honey, salted ganache, mustard, and I believe Jam? Which allows you to mix flavors together with each cracker. And everyone needs to save room for their dessert. They have a soft serve ice cream that is dusted with espresso powder with a ganache in the center of the cone. I'm not super into sweet stuff, but it was bombdotcom. This place is not very busy right now because they recently opened a few months ago, so check it out now!!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,11/13/2014,194,364,5,11,8>~~IRASHAIMASE~~Here's the tip of the day, if you ever walk into a "Japanese restaurant" and the moment of entering the staff doesn't warmly shout this Japanese welcoming to you, then the place isn't legit.Luckily Chef Naoko's shop not only proves her cafe's authenticity with this greeting, but also by serving food so authentic, that you'd be hard pressed to tell the difference between her bento and something you'd get straight out of Tokyo!Be warned: the bento is pricey, so if you're on a budget, try out a rice bowl & yakisoba for only ~$8-12 that, though simple, are still delicious and filling.   If you want something cheaper and don't care about quality, then walk a few blocks to one of the many "bento" carts that that likely use Cash & Carry or Sysco ingredients, and offer more Korean/Chinese dishes than Japanese, but I suspect you'll regret the decision.  If you're able to afford it, go for the highest quality bento boxes in town ($14-17), made from local, seasonal, & organic ingredients, and perfectly balanced flavors and portions.  Not only does the price reflect the top quality, but also the added variety of authentic side dishes rarely found in the american bento, such as a slice of omelette, ohitashi salad, sweet azuki beans, and warm, sweet tofu.  To top it off, the staff are all warm and welcoming, and the cafe is clean and simply designed, making this my go-to option when I want a healthy sit-down or to-go/takeout lunch or dinner.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/12/2014,101,244,6,12,8>My respect, love and adoration of exceptionally good food is sometimes obnoxious. Yesterday's lunch not only made me a huge fan of Umai, but they created a bowl of ramen that made all of my senses swoon. They've just won a huge new fan.The blustery weather yesterday helped to set the mood. The change of seasons and promise of shorter days to come, the cooler air, and the rain made for perfect companions for a lunch that contained tasty things that come in a steaming bowl of yum.My talented wife and I have been wanting to find a great ramen food cart. Umai has been on my list for months and got bumped up on my list when I saw a glowing review in the Oregonian a while back.Umai is tucked away in an alley just off SE Hawthorne on SE 33rd.My first thought is that they have got to find a better location. I'm all about hidden treasures, but in a town that is saturated with food carts, location seems like everything. More on this in a moment.We found the cart and gazed at the menu. A head popped out the window and greeted us with a grin. The two guys who run the cart are actually pleased to be there. They were positive, polite, and attentive. Attitude makes a huge impact on me and sets the tone for my experience. My gorgeous wife and I asked a few questions to help guide us toward the right bowl of ramen. I opted for the Umai with Shoyu and the Mrs. ordered Umai with Miso. With what appeared to be a window in the rainfall, we decided to sit and eat the ramen there. They do have a short covered wood counter you can stand and eat at if the liquid sunshine is coming down. The steaming bowls arrived and what hit me first was the aroma. A peek into the bowl (once it was in front of me) provided a visually pleasing display of hand made noodles, marinated soft cooked egg, shredded pork shoulder that had a perfect charred exterior, greens, scallions & pickled shiitake.I opted to forego doctoring the soup, though they have chili oil and shichimi togarashi to sprinkle on there, should you need them.My first taste of the broth: It was glorious! The perfect balance of salt, seasoning, char from the pork, pork... I am salivating just writing this.The noodles are perfect. Their structure & texture was exquisite.The Pork Shoulder was so damn good. Perfectly tender, seasoned just right, and that char... I can't explain just how vital that was. The flavors just kept exploding and pleading me to try more. The egg yolk of the marinated egg wasn't quite solid and thus, the yolk diluted into the broth just enough to create another complex layer. The pickled shiitake added a nice contrast and sensory experience. The entire contents of the bowl disappeared and great restraint was used in averting my desire to lick the bowl clean.     Earlier in this review I said I would talk a little more about location. It is very clear to me that moving Umai to a high traffic area would increase everything for the hard working duo. But is that a 'good thing'? I say No. If you want this ramen bad enough, you're gonna have to work for it. For the best ramen I've ever had from a food cart in this glorious city, I'll happily oblige.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,11/11/2014,95,86,3,6,5>If you live in SW, you've probably been waiting for this place with the combination of fear/anticipation that is typically only reserved for Xmas/Birthdays/One's next sexual experience.Unlike all three of those things, First National Taphouse did not disappoint. It won't come as a shock to anyone that they've got a LOT of beer (both for drinking there or to buy and take home), but they've also got some pretty damn good grub. Shout outs include:Habenero Glazed Chicken Wings fried in Duck ConfitThese were sooo good. There's a hint of spice, but the duck confit flavour is strong in these bad boys. They were literally falling off the bone soft, and tasty enough that those bones were mighty clean when they took my plate.Smoked Salmon CandyDespite the visions of Salmon Sugar Daddies this dish conjures, it's actually a salad (and a really good one at that). Composed of arugula, orange, shaved radish, and smoked salmon in a citrus vinaigrette, it was deliciously refreshing (and also wiped out in a matter of seconds)Beyond that, they've got some pretty ample seating (both inside and out front patio/sidewalk) and I'll definitely be back. If you find yourself by PSU, give it a shot!
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,11/10/2014,170,140,15,16,11>Here's what you need to know: The menu is online, and to-go items are 25cents more for each item. I know. Why do you want it to go? Because the food is good and reasonably-priced. Best of all, since it doesn't go on the floor, it's fairly certain that it's generally clean. The best part: Acropolis knows that some people don't care about the chicks inside. You can avoid a cover charge (and a view of the ladies) by heading to the south side of the building. There, you'll find the take-out window, where you can pick up your food. So convenient.Look, the food is good, and there's something kind of...novelty...in the experience of calling in your order to a strip joint, going there to pick it up, and yes, taking it home to eat. It just feels so Portland-right. Do it for the novelty of it all, if nothing else. But hey, the food is good, and you paid for the to-go packaging, so do it. Maybe put on a show of your own at home.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,11/9/2014,248,813,9,15,10>The owner is a trained chef. He uses recipes and gets inspiration from his mother -- hence the name of the cart.I sampled some kalua pig here, served with bok choy. Everything was properly cooked. The bok choy kept its crunch against the juicy/tender pork.People have constantly praised the lollipop chicken wings. The meat is pushed up, so there is a bony "handle" to hold. I highly recommend getting the wings with the sweet/savory glaze.While Jeff does rice bowls with the wings, many regulars have opted to get the garlic noodles instead of the rice. The noodles are similar to a yaki soba noodle and are extremely garlicky. The panda enjoys garlic to ward off any vampires that may chase him for food in the middle of the night.A noodle bowl with the wings will run about $8 and comes in a nice plastic container. It's a deceivingly filling meal that may turn people into fluffy food coma creatures.I've heard great comments about Jeff's wonton soup. His mother's wontons are a neighborhood hit back home and provided the final inspiration for the food cart.Excellent cart. Definitely worth stopping at if in downtown Portland!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,11/8/2014,241,429,17,14,15>I love burgers.Any hypothetical food question you could come up with, rest of your life, desert island, whatever.  The answer is burgers.I'm also a burger fundamentalist.  Don't put any God damned pickles or chiles on my burgers. It's uncalled for, it's not okay.  And peanut butter? WT*F*? That's bad.  Worse than torture bad, but not soccer in America bad.  Even bacon doesn't really add to the wonder that is a good burger.  Makes a great appetizer, however (that's a hint).Fortunately like Salt & Straw, Killer Burger can restrain whatever their problem is and they have the Basic on their menu.  This is all you need.  This is heaven on earth.  This is angels making sweet love to your mouth.You'll quickly realize why they put rolls of paper towels on each table.  It's because the laundry on the bath towels you really need would put them under.  This is a messy burger, once you pick it up I'd strongly advise you not put it down again.  If you can't one-hand it then your fries will have to wait.  Which is unfortunate because these fries are pretty dang good.Stand to order, but they clear and clean tables for you, which sadly is a bonus in the Portland Hype Machine.  I came here with my dad (free food!!) and we got to a table in maybe five minutes.  During lunch rush.The downtown location has a burger, beer and a shot deal.  I can't wait to hit that.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,11/11/2013,402,355,1,9,10>Okay guys, let's be honest, none of us really like to work out. At 4:30pm I'd rather be at happy hour at a bar, but for the past month I've been spending most afternoons at barre3. Thanks to the yelp event held at barre3 in May I've become full on obsessed with this place. It doesn't matter what shape or size you are, or if you have experience in ballet, yoga, or pilates. If you're open to getting your butt kicked for an hour, you won't be disappointed.From the moment you walk in everyone is so nice! The girls at the front counter will answer any questions you have and get you checked in as quickly as possible. If you're new the instructor will usually introduce themselves before class starts.You don't need to feel nervous if you have never taken a class like this before because they walk you through each step verbally and physically, and you can always ask questions even during class. My favorite part is that the instructor will actually make adjustments to you if needed. It makes me feel like they're on my team, wanting to make sure I succeed in each class, which is something we all need when trying to achieve any kind of fitness goal.So if you're on the fence about trying out barre3 I really suggest taking the plunge. I have not felt this good in years and actually look forward to going to class every few days. And if you have any kind of dance background but haven't danced in years (like me) you'll love the familiarity of being back in a studio.I really love you barre3!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,11/10/2013,140,274,12,10,10>This place is the definition of a true Portland dive bar.-Sticky seats and tables.-Surly bartenders covered in tattoos-Strong pours-Cocktails served in pint glasses-Scary bathrooms-and I can't help but mention.....Jello shots!This place is one of my favorites.  They keep the Timbers games on.  The bar food is decent and hasn't ever made me sick (a feat in itself).  The service is fast and efficient no matter how crowded it gets.20 jello shots please?
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,11/9/2013,327,281,2,6,3>I surprised a vegetarian friend the other night by taking her here, she's only been in Portland a year and she loved this place!  I've only been back in Portland a bit over a year, but lived here before and have been to Vegetarian House many times.  I wanted to go for a current visit before reviewing the place.  It was exactly the same as in the past.  The ambiance is still beyond dive-y.  If you want to out-cool your friends and also scare them a tiny bit, take them here for sure.  It's an...interesting...part of downtown.  But often the dives have the best food and the food is pretty darn good here. I'm not veggie and still enjoy it.  The interior is mint green and strange, they weren't playing the weird spiritual veggie programs on the TV like in past visits, so maybe they clued in that people were creeped out by it?Every time I've been here, they are always out of some of the appetizer items.  They've never, every had the crab rangoon when I've visited and they were out of potstickers on the night we visited.  So we got the spring rolls for a starter.  They arrived hot, crispy and tantalizingly tasty. My friend got the sweet and sour "chicken" , which I've had before and it's pretty yumm-o, but my dish was even better.   I'd never tried the orange "beef" before and wowzers, it's definitely one of my faves now.  Imagine some super crispy morsels of tangy, orange flavored goodness and multiply by three.  A taste explosion for the tonsils!( or lack of them). This was some seriously good stuff.  They also brought lots of free, hot tea.  Other dishes I've greatly enjoyed here have included the General Tso's "chicken", the lemon "chicken",  sesame "chicken" and moo shu "beef."   Avoid the "shrimp" dishes like the plague, the mock shrimp is rubbery and disgusting. If you're ready for a really good veggie meal, this is the place.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,11/8/2013,47,96,12,9,7>I lived in Hawaii for 6 years before moving to Portland.  I swore to myself that I would never again eat a teriyaki plate.  The default food mode in Hawaii is 'add Teri, call it a meal."  Teri-beef.  Teri-shrimp. Teri-spam. Teri-chicken. Teri-Garr.  You get the idea.  Point is, after 6 years of eating plate lunches where you get salad rice and teri-meat mushed together, I was done.   Like really done.So for 3 years in Portland I've done a remarkable job avoiding anything that would remind me of any of the above teri-dishes.  Last Friday, out to lunch with some friends I was tested.   "Let's go to Du's" they said.My first reaction was like the nononono cat (Look it up, it's worth it).  Even moreso upon enteriing.  Du's hit all the notes of a Hawaiian Loco-Moco joint.  Formica, dated looking fixtures.  Guy at the front of the house working like a madman in the midst of a whirlwind of efficient order taking via phone, walk up all while bussing the tables.  (He may be a robot from the future).  What struck me though was the line.   On a Friday afternoon it was out the door.   'Surely', I thought 'These people are just confused...teriyaki is... well, teriyaki...!  It's not a destination food!'.Determined to just plow through what would be an average lunch I ordered the Beef Teriyaki plate.   I was delivered a mountain of food.  Now, one of the issues I always had (not in an OCD way) with Teriyaki plates in the past is that everything ran together into sort of an odd congealed salad/teriyaki mush (and indeed for some that is indeed the best way to do it).   Not at Du's  Everything is perfect.   Things stay where they should be and if you want to mush it up, well damn it all, you mush it up.   But it's not the default.And the taste,  well, the taste was simply perfect.   I didn't really peek into the kitchen, but whatever they're doing, they are doing it right.   One of the guys I  was with who works down the street says that every day he can see the trucks pulling up with fresh food, so maybe that freshness has a lot to do with it.All I know is that I swore to myself that I would not eat all of the food piled onto Du's Teri-Mountain, but i couldn't stop myself.   Comfort be damned.   It was delicious.So all that said, Maybe it's time to let a little Teri back into my life.(Teri Garr included.).
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,11/7/2013,76,104,11,7,7>i get up in the mornin' bout seven AM,I want a little coffee I want a little ham,get on my bike because I know a cool spot,morning at the Happy Sparrow Cafe is what I want,i get kolaches.yeah KOLACHES yeah KOLACHESall around the country coast to coast,people always say what do you like most,I don't wanna brag i don't wanna boast,I always tell 'em I like kolaches.yeah KOLACHES yeah KOLACHES
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,11/6/2013,265,215,6,6,7>People! I have a Popcorn PSA!Maizey's Popcorn, a little cart on NW Quimby, is... (bear with me, trying to think of a superlative that begins with the letter 'P'... pupendous....pamazing...puper...um, ahem. Nevermind.)... Perfect. We'll go with perfect.First of all, vegans, they make vegan popcorn. Second of all, omnis, they've got you covered too; I think I saw a bacon cheeseburger flavor. Seriously. The two flavors I've tried are:*  the Classic Kettle Corn (I may or may not have eaten almost the whole bag in one sitting.) (but to be fair I just got back in the country from four months away and was having major popcorn withdrawals).* and right now I'm munching on the Sour Lime Kettle Corn, which is a dead ringer for MARGARITA POPCORN. Seriously, I'm eating margarita popcorn and I can't stop.This time I have no excuse other than MARGARITA POPCORN.Oh, and did I mention, the bags are BIG. Like, they're feed a normal person snack-size portions for a week or two. They're open from 11:30-2:00 Monday-Friday. Guys, go get your popcorn on. And bring me.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,11/5/2013,219,427,13,8,13>If I were a superhero who also happened to love beer, Roscoe's would definitely be my superhero hideout. It's dark, tucked away and features one of the best taplists in town. The staff's nice enough but they look like they could keep a secret, even an identity if needed since they get to peek at my id. Superheros don't make a lot of money, but I could eat and drink well on a budget here. I could reward myself after a particularly good job well done with one of their bigger, more rare beers on tap. And to keep up my superhero strength? A steady diet of their tots and take-out sushi  from next door. On second thought, it's a good thing I don't live closer. My beer gut would get so big I'd never fit into my tights!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,11/4/2013,70,846,1,6,6>I guess this review is going to mostly be about Falafel House as what is there really to say about Slabtown?  It is a dive bar, but actually I'm not even really sure about that.  Sure, it is divey, but not really divey.  There are dive-ier (not a word) bars in town.  What makes Slabtown stand out from those bars is the fact that within there is Falafel House.  A place serving vegetarian (or maybe vegan) fare.  Pretty strange.  Pretty Portland.Came here for a show, but immediately knew I wanted food.  I'm not a vegan or a vegetarian and never claimed to be, but it doesn't mean I'm against eating those types of foods either.  I took a look at the menu and the Falafel Sandwich ($5) sounded like the right way to go.  Of course I added french fries for an additional $2.  Everything is made from scratch including the pita.  There is nothing wrong with that.For $7 this is a nice sized meal.  The falafel alone would have been sufficient enough for me on this night.  It was really good.  One of the best falafel's I have had in Portland.  Give me more.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,11/3/2013,37,109,3,4,3>I've been to this place at least a dozen times, but never have left a review.  Hands down, this is my favorite Thai restaurant in Portland.  While they used to only have one dining area, they've now opened a second dining area downstairs and they've extended their hours and have a happy hour!  The staff are friendly and I've rarely had to wait for a table.The curry here is the best I have ever had.  Very consistent and flavorful with a nice texture.  The yellow curry has been my favorite so far. I LOVE TOM KHA.  This place has the best Tom Kha I have ever had.  It is my favorite soup in the whole city of Portland.  Again, very consistent and flavorful.  They do a very good job of cooking everything so that the flavors just mix so well together.  I often get it with chicken.I've had the Pad Thai and wouldn't say that it's one of the best things on the menu, but why would you want Pad Thai when you could get it anywhere.  They offer hot thai tea, which I love and not all thai restaurants have it.  I just wish that they offered coconut milk for their cold thai tea instead of dairy.Take note that they aren't joking about the spice levels.  I usually get medium or mild with some stuff at other places but get no spice here because I can't handle it.  They use real thai chiles that are different from most Thai restaurants.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,11/2/2013,148,128,2,9,8>I must start out by stating that I can't believe that this establishment hasn't been listed or reviewed by fellow Yelpers :-(Frontier Custom Cutting & Mobile Slaughtering has been around in the quaint town of Carlton, OR for over 20+ years and have been providing custom services for local hunters and ranchers alike.  Owners Dan & Karen Durrett are the epitome of "Down Home Good Folks".  Friendly and welcoming, you're really missing out if you haven't met this couple.I've come here for years on my way to the coast when I use to live in Forest Grove, but now don't pass through as much as I'd like due to moving to the big city (Portland).  The main reason for a little no name guy like me to make a stop here is for their Jerky and Pepperoni.  Yes, you could get Jerky and Pepperoni at a big box store, local market, or even at a meat specialty shop in PDX, but what you don't receive at those shops and stores is the quality, attention to detail, expertise, and service that you'll receive from Frontier.  I've had tons of Pepperoni before, but the "specialty stores" always use a lot of fat to cut their product and thus you get more filler than meat many times.  I love the fact that though there is fat in Frontier's Pepperoni, you also get a lot more meat in the product.  The snap from the casing and caliber of the product just makes it far superior to anything you can buy elsewhere, and for $5.00 per package (for 6 sticks), I feel as though I'm ripping them off.  You can't get that anywhere!Every specialty meat shop in Portland says they provide all of this, but once you sample a taste of "The Real Thing", you'll realize there isn't anything that compares!  I'd say that I'm a Pepperoni & Jerky specialist myself, and admittedly settle for what's close and convenient,  but when desiring a product for Elites, always make it a point, to make the drive out and satisfy the taste-buds.  Fortunately my family still lives out in the McMinnville so I like to make it a point to stop here on the way.So, if you're ever out in Wine Country and doing a winery tour, make sure not to miss this gem of a hot spot and visit the Durretts.  My personal favorite is their Jalapeno Pepperoni.  They have a few various choices and on this last visit, I was graced with a sample of their newest edition "Sweet Italian".  Dan stated that he's going to do another version of this and kick it up a notch by adding a little heat.  I'll be back in the near future for that!!!Overall Rating 100%Service: 5/5Quality: 5/5Taste: 5/5Price: 5/5
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,11/16/2007,6,11,5,6,6>When we left Asia, I thought I was saying goodbye forever to my favorite treats: ChocoPies, Milo, lychees, Trung Nguyen coffee, jelly candies, being surrounded by loud shoppers.  It was depressing to leave it all. But then, three months later, I found Fubonn.  -insert heavenly choir here- They've got close to everything I could want from a Vietnamese market without the wet floors and overbearing fish smell.  I love this place with its wide variety and reasonable prices.  The vegetarian meat selection is crazy-big (can only vouch for the the chicken nuggets and they were great).  Weekends are a madhouse, but I kind of like it.  I was there last Saturday and it was packed, as usual, when a little kid in a cart near the Thai green beans grabbed my arm and asked "Are you Vietnamese?"  "Khong. No, I'm not," I told him. He yelled back ('cause kids can never be soft-spoken) "I am!  And my mom is Vietnamese and my dad is Vietnamese and my sister is Vietnamese."  I told him I was a bit jealous, but I'm not sure he understood.  Point is, when I shop at Fubonn, I feel a little closer to Asia. It helps the insane longing to return.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,11/15/2007,49,171,2,3,2>YUM YUM YUM~ I can't say enough about the ribs at this place! OMG they are amazing. They melt in your mouth and fall off the bone and the sauce is really good too. If you order drinks from the bar be prepared not to drive home because Michael has the heaviest hand I have felt in a LONG time. I asked for a vodka cranberry and it was so pale I could hardly tell there was cranberry in it, sure didn't taste like it. But onto the food! I ordered the sampler platter of ribs and that is the one I recommend that you try. There is a sweet sauce and a hot sauce and original and they are ALL good. I have had my share of ribs in my time and haven't encountered any that were this good...well aside from my husband's. Anyway go eat at here you won't be disappointed at all. The chips are homemade on the spot too as well as the coleslaw and I haven't eaten slaw since I was about 10 so that is really telling you something there! YUM!The last time I went there I asked for the burger, mine was really well done when I asked for it medium. It was pretty disappointing after how good the ribs were but the slaw and chips didn't disappoint at all, so there is that at least. I still give the place 5 stars. Where else can you go to get stiff drinks, play video games, darts and yahtzee?UPDATE***** I believe it looks as though Michael's is closed or just being remodeled. Either case the doors are shut and this makes me sad.FURTHER UPDATED********This place is closed now and it makes me very sad.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2007,11/12/2007,26,311,3,3,2>Gelato and donut heavenOK, it's one thing to be able to pick from a ton of awesome gelato flavors, but they also make homemade donuts too, so what's a girl to do if she wants to eat anything else the rest of the week?The fact that this place is run by women might have something to do with why the chocolate and mint chocolate are so darn good. People rave about the fresh, chunky fruit gelato but sorry, I can never pass up on the chocolate. Just eating it and looking around at the cheery vibe of this place puts a smile on my face every time. People constantly compare this to Mio Gelato as to which one is better and compare the textures and so forth. Who cares? Last time  I checked there was plenty of room in P-town for both of them and a dozen others. Too bad the same thing can't be said for our waistlines.Tip: Although tempting, order just one scoop. It's pretty rich and you must leave room for a donut.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2007,11/11/2007,35,130,7,3,4>You will enter Sip & Kranz and think that you perhaps took a wrong turn and ended up in the West Elm showroom, but you will be mistaken. You are actually in one of the most bizarre and lovely coffee places I have ever set foot in. Loveliness:*The tuna sandwich. On warm ciabatta - with grapes and almonds. Sounds off, but oh so very yummy.*Croissants and pastries from some really nice bakery in town - name of which has slipped away. Bagels from Kettleman. If you don't bake it in house, knowing where to order it from is key.*Free wifi*Coffee and beer and wine*Right on Jamison SquareBizarre:*Decor is starkly white-on-white Mac modern.*It's kid-friendly! It's one of the kid-friendliest dang places I've found in this town. $5 kid meals served on cute little orange trays with grapes and crackers. A glassed-in kid holding pen full of toys that actually does a pretty good job of containing/entertaining the little buggers and muffling the screaming.*Where's the pitcher of ice water and cups? This is like a standard amenity at most coffee places, yeah?(As an aside in the bizarre realm, last time I visited, I saw standing in line a biker, construction worker, and police officer. If a cowboy and/or Indian chief would have shown up, I totally would've given this place five stars.)
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,11/10/2007,192,650,8,4,6>What I learned from the Elite event:*Laura rules and deserves a shout out for the event*SIam's the new jump off*Three Yelpojitos makes me kinda funny, but Four Yelpojitos means I'm hilarious*Sweet potato fries are a Yelpojito's best friend*No on does look like their picture*PDX yelpers are so nice that its probably ok to post a picture of myself that actually looks like me (yes, I was a little leary about doing that.....)*Tall ceilings, nice bartenders, fun people to talk to= Good fun!YEAH Elite event! See you next time!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2007,11/9/2007,0,13,,7,4>This is the best Friendly Local Game Store around.  I've been going here since I was a teenager and they've always either had what I wanted or been willing to order it quickly and efficiently.  They run tournaments for all sorts of games on a regular basis.  They have a comfortable upstairs room for hanging out in and plenty of tables for gaming on.  The shop has that hole in the wall feel to it, a place that has battled many dragons and seen some wear, but the service is always friendly and knowledgeable and the selection excellent.  Other bonuses: 10% off comic books if you have a box with them (I've had mine for 10 years).  Boxes are free and a great way for collectors not to have to worry about getting their issues on time.   They will also do wish lists and wedding registries.  How cool is that? Imagine, instead of a blender, you could have a Gargantuan Red Dragon or that book on the Underdark you've been craving but couldn't justify buying for yourself. Go check it out. Pick up those Warhammer or DnD mini's you've been wanting (they have a good selection as well, better than Bridgetown), have a chat while drinking a cold soda with the smart guys who run the place, and then curl up in a chair for a nice round of your choice of Collectible Card Game.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,11/8/2007,11,79,,3,2>Super underrated. Great quality, ingredients, tasty omelets. Great patio, simple and understated interior. Prompt, professional service. After taking your one night stand home from the bar, be a gent and take her to a nice breakfast at Equinox. It is the least you could do.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2007,11/7/2007,12,33,2,5,3>I had one of those Perfect Moment meals at Lorenzo's some weeks back, and I still think back on that experience with much warm fuzzy feelings. It was a warm evening, I was with my good friend, we sat by the big open doorway with the long curtains swaying in the breeze, there was much wonderful people-watching (and an only-in-Portland wacky-costumes bike ride extravaganza of some sort passing by for what seemed like an hour) and the pasta I ordered was so incredibly reminiscent of delicious meals I've had in Italy, I was swooning. Seriously, it's so rare to have an Italian meal in the US that comes close to the flavors of a simple pasta dish that you can have in Italy. I was really impressed with Lorenzo's and want to go back for another try to see if it really was that good or if I was just having a fantastic day (or both!).
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,11/6/2007,50,269,,4,5>This is a new restaurant that just opened this past weekend.  I had heard some good things about it from some friends who stopped in, so we decided to give it a shot!It is in a neighborhood that definitely NEEDED something.  It's surrounded by industrial buildings and just down the block from Devil's Point.  The inside is very warm and inviting, using what looked like church pews for seating on their larger tables.At first glance, the menu is pretty basic, using local NW ingredients with some flair in their dishes.  I ordered a Morocaan spiced roasted chicken over cous cous, and my partner had roasted pork loin, cranberry beans, corn, green beans, and a basil puree.  Both were very good, except I felt my chicken could have used some more spice.  The pork loin was excellent.  Very fresh tasting and moist.I will definitely be back, I hear their sandwiches and burgers are awesome!  It's  a great addition to the neighborhood :)EDIT:  Yep.  Burgers are freekin awesome.  MMMMMM.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2007,11/5/2007,48,122,,2,3>Mothers is the kind of place that isn't too flashy, but simply does everything well.  I have had both lunch and dinner there and had excellent experiences both times.  We have three young sons (all age 6 or under) and they handled that well and had food and activities that they enjoyed.  Although no one was prepared for my 2 year old to go toppling backwards in his chair!  They gave him a free cookie as a result!The food was delicious.  We shared one of their classic Mac n Cheese specials and I had some pot roast as well.  This is comfort food done right.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,2/5/2009,104,175,7,13,10>Oh. My. Yes.I take issue with a lot of vintage clothing stores. They mostly deal in frilly dresses which I do not and will not wear. Magpie, however, seems as if it were specifically crafted with me in mind.- Their selection of vests is to die for. Men's vests aplenty. I took an armload to the dressing room and had to pick among five. FIVE!- Retro puffy vests, including one in rainbow!- Absolutely ridiculous long dresses, perfect for convincing your friends to try on (and subsequently snap potential blackmail photos!)- A great array of pins, brooches, hat pins, and other fun accessories.- Old leather jackets in great condition if that's your thing.I can never make it there as often as I'd like, but it holds the prestigious status of being my Favorite Vintage Clothing Store (Thus Far) in Portland.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,2/3/2009,241,429,23,18,18>I'm like a hot dog werewolf (hold on, that'll make sense in a bit).  Every so often I get an uncontrollable thirst for blo-, hot dogs.  And when I do, my madness makes me do things I don't like.In this case: 7-Eleven Big Bites.  I'm not proud.  Of course, I'm not really ashamed,either.  Interesting things can happen while hot dogs are being properly adorned.  Right, A/C?Anyhoo, I now have an honorable way of sating my lust for, okay I'm gonna stop right there.Superdog has some pretty damn good hot dogs.  The woman was quick and friendly.  They have a wide selection of things to put on other things.They have cheesecake.I approve.(the insatiable thirst is for BLOOD you perverts.  Werewolves aren't horndogs, but Yeeps apparently are.)
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,2/2/2009,3211,1938,19,28,27>Today I had the distinct pleasure of dining in a tiny crowded little hole in the wall called Bunk, and let me tell you, there is absolutely NOTHING bunk about the sandwiches at Bunk.How this place dipped under my radar for so long I have no clue, but now that it's hot on Yelp and featured in the A&E, I doubt it will be under anyone's radar for long.Chef Tommy Habetz, formerly of Ripe, stands behind the counter like all the rest of the employees unpretentiously making some of the best sandwiches Portland has seen since... well, I can't really say. The two offerings I sampled today were the Cuban sandwich (pulled pork, pickles, cheese, and some delicious sauce) and a wild mushroom, arugula, and cheese.  Both were fantastic but the Cuban, in my mind, was divine.  While not the best I have had in my life, it was definitely the best I have consumed in Portland.Now to me, there is a dearth of good sandwiches in Portland.  There are certain delis that have one or two good sandwiches, among their other fare, but this seems like it will be a truly top notch sandwich place.  All of the options on the menu (written in chalk on a wall painted with that blackboard paint) looked amazing.  I saw a meatball sandwich hit a nearby table and it took some serious will power to keep me from snapping it up and running off into the corner like a squirrel who has just landed a prize nut. The 'wiches are served in a spartan fashion - no plates.  They take a plastic tray, line it with an unassuming piece of brown paper, drop a somewhat smashed panini style sandwich on it, and add a handful of Tim's Cascade chips from a large bag. That's it. No frills. This place really is all about the sandwiches.Judging from the crowd that was there even after 1pm, I expect to do battle for my sandwiches when I return, which of course I will be doing very soon.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2009,2/1/2009,66,83,16,15,15>The other night, my Man Friend (as in Man Who is My Friend, but in this case, was, once upon a time, also my Manfriend, but I digress) and I were discussing our long-ago pre-move voyage to Portlandia.  Otherwise known as 'the voyage during which we were completely unsuccessful at finding an apartment'.  Or, perhaps 'the voyage during which we stayed at the Hawthorne Hostel, and they let us rent bikes and we rode all over Portland and feel in love with the city'.Or maybe, even, 'the voyage during which Chloë learned that if you decide--out of bizarre, random compulsion to bake--that if you bake an apple pie at a hostel you will make a lot of new friends' Sometimes I wish I didn't live in Portland so that I could hang out here.  No lie.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/19/2009,1/31/2009,58,49,17,16,19>All right, all right, I know. Its been a gazillion years since I wrote anything (and it might be a while for the next one too) and its a fast food joint-WTF?! Here's a short list of questions you should probably ask yourself just after that goes through your head: 1. Have I ever met Sylvia? (If you have, then you know damn well that I'll call on a sandwich & get a free lunch out of the deal) 2. Have I ever read any of Sylvia's reviews? (see above parentheses) 3. What's it to me if she writes a review of a fast food joint? (Well? What's it to ya, huh?) But seriously, wokka wokka! HA! I kiiiiiiiiid! Here's the deal: we all know what KFC tastes like, nothing special here. They're not sprinkling crack in my cole slaw, even though this would be the hood to request such a thing. What they are doing, is being genuinely nice folk. A month or so ago, I ordered a sandwich & got back to the office to find that I had received the wrong order. I called the manager who told me that whenever I got around to it, I could stop back in & get a replacement sandwich for free- just mention his name. So today, while running a random lunch errand in a rush, I stopped in. No manager in sight- no problem. I mention it to the person taking my order, she says two words to someone else, tells me there won't be a problem with that. THEN when I go to order myself a side, she tells me to keep my money, that they were comping that too, for any inconvenience to me & proceeds to thank me for coming in and letting them make it right. Every other business I've dealt with in the last month could take a lesson from this place. WORD.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/30/2009,126,2155,28,23,22>I've felt (decently) smart my entire life. Little did I know that I'm actually a moron. Well, maybe that's a bit harsh but the fact remains that if you've been under the impression that your brain power has been above average your entire life, you should go check your sorry ass at the door on Sagittarius' trivia night and realize you just might not know a damn thing about much of anything. Seriously, hardest trivia night I've ever been to. Defeating. The kind of hard that prompts silly answers to be written down, all the way down the list. The kind of hard that makes you ask yourself questions like, "What happened to me? Did I lose my talent? Am I ever going to be good again?"Do you know Tiger Woods' first name? How many heart attacks has Dick Cheney had? Did you know the mouse was introduced to the computer world back in the 1960's? Yeah, not 1980 something. That's what I get for my family owning a mouseless Apple IIe.Sagittarius huh? I know nothing about zodiac signs other than that the entire 'science' behind them is rather subjective - maybe even self-fulfilling. So that said, I have no idea what the good qualities of a Sagittarius boy or girl, or morning or night baby might be, but I know the bar is a pretty damned cool place, even cooler if you live closer to it than I do.Pouring over the menu offered up some interesting items that all looked delicious. It was one of those menu experiences where you bounce back and forth between the pages wondering which item sounds even .01% better to make the decision not as painstaking as it is. I opted for the chicken pot pie on the suggestion of January M. I'm not typically a big pot pie fan. There's a place in San Diego called The Chicken Pot Pie Factory (or something like that) that my grandparents were gaga over which resulted in us eating there far too often. Needless to say, I was burned out on pot pies by age 12. But, this is Portland and that means things all things food are automatically good, right? ;)The pot pie did not disappoint. I ate it all. I scraped the bowl. Then... I finished the rest of January's pot pie. GET OFF ME! I HADN'T EATEN ALL DAY. WHAT OF IT!? It was large but I was still hungry - not a commentary on the size of portion, I was just...freakishly hungry. If you order the pot pie, and you're a normal person, you will be just fine.I was hanging out with a regular that evening but the staff was obviously very friendly and accommodating to everyone. Our bill came a little slowly but again, I attribute that to hanging out with a regular who is likely not typically in any kind of hurry to get in and out. Everyone else was attended to promptly.I like the place. If I worked for Adidas (it's basically around the corner) I'd probably come by a little more often but now that I've written this review I'm craving another visit. You know, to dominate the menu and drink list....Maybe that's the Leo in me.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,1/29/2009,434,336,19,23,19>Sometimes I don't want my Mexican food authentic. I want cheddar instead of cotija. Know what I'm saying? You will get a heaping huge platter of delish melted cheese, beans, rice, and whatever else you decide to clog your arteries with, and you will love it! The service is good, and the decor kitchy. They have good deals on Mondays, and I think Wednesdays, a decent happy hour, and big gulp sized syrupy drinks! And don't forget the little scoop of ice cream with a fried flour tortilla triangle drizzled with honey that's complimentary after your meal. Sorry, but this is my kinda Mexican food!
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,1/28/2009,33,107,20,18,17>I think we knew that, just as soon as we began leaving Portland forever, we would fall deeply in love with new people, places and things here or be reminded of how much we cared for those we already knew.I remember eating at Detour once and it wasn't all that, I donno...memorable.  Now, after eating there again, I miss it already.  It's as though I'm grieving for the relationship we didn't have, rather than losing the one we did.    Yesterday I stopped and ordered a focaccia breakfast sandwich to go -bacon, egg and lettuce, added some manchego and avocado for a very reasonable upcharge.  I had a  latte while I waited.  The latte was perfect and fluffy, just sweet enough with some vanilla syrup.  The sandwich, however, was as big as a goddamn baby and tasted fantastic. I devoted the entire day to munching out on it. It seemed to get better every few hours as the ingredients squished together. I don't know if that's a good idea to order a giant breakfast sandwich at 9 am and carry it around the house with you, eating on it through dinner, moaning with joy when you realize  the egg yolk soaked into the avocado and bacon, but I did and I'd do it again.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2009,1/27/2009,376,599,29,23,27>Huhn. What's that smell? Oh right, that smells like teen spirit. Ain't nothing wrong with a venue that hosts all-ages shows. All-ages punk shows saved my ass back in the 90's. I would go to these long-winded nights held in high school gyms featuring something like 15 bands per event and feel just a smidge more interesting than my Clueless-obsessed classmates. Hey, I was shy and spoke with a lisp - I needed an ego. Mission accomplished, punk rock.So Satyricon has that ability to provide a similar experience for whippersnappers. I like this and don't really mind getting my drink on in the cramped narrow bar off to the side of the stage area. But I've been to a lot more shows since high school. My standards have changed a lot but a few things have remained the same. Thick support beams in the audience area annoyed me then and they annoy me now. Also, being able to see the inside of the men's room as I walk towards the stage makes me worry that I'm smelling urine cakes everywhere I turn. This is more recent criteria. I can't wait until all the kidlets at Satyricon get to experience the joy of time-induced neuroses.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,1/26/2009,38,82,15,14,12>Before you dismiss my review for giving this place five stars, I'm going to qualify this rating in all capital letters:  THIS FIVE-STAR RATING IS FOR DELIVERY SERVICE ONLY ON A MEDIUM *WELL DONE* PIZZA  WITH NO MORE THAN TWO TOPPINGS OF WHICH SOLELY ONE IS MEAT AND BY MEAT I MEAN PEPPERONI AND BY SECOND TOPPING I MEAN BLACK OLIVES AND BY WELL DONE I MEAN ASK FOR IT WELL DONE AND DON'T COMPLAIN TO ME IF YOU GET A SOGGY DROOPY CRUST WHEN YOU FORGET TO ASK!I'd give this place about 3.5 stars for pizza you eat by the slice in-house.  Ask them to heat the slice up in the oven.  He'll warn you about burning it, but that's fine, this type of pizza is supposed to have just a tiny amount of char - that's what a good pizza oven does - chars slightly but not overly.  Plus, it will remelt the cheese.  Grab a beer on tap while you're at it.Their delivery pizza is the best I've had in Portland.  It's cheap for what you get, it's fast, and there is no delivery fee.  I always, always, always order a medium tomato sauce pie with pepperoni and black olives.  I always specify "WELL DONE, COOK IT REALLY GOOD".  This was a real trial-and-error process for me.  Once when I said, "well done," it wasn't well done.  So now I add the, "...cook it really good," and it always comes to me how I want it. The crust is perfect, the cheese is super melty and stretchy, and the toppings are nicely crispy on top.  If you get it normal style, don't blame me if it sucks.  Ordering a large tends to make the crust a little more wet.  I'm not really a fan of wet pizza.  I haven't tried their other novelty pizza concoctions, some sound interesting, but not really for me.  If I'm going to waste the calories on a pizza, I'm eating something traditional that I love.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,11/17/2012,1295,556,3,11,6>Well over a decade ago I used to drive past this little restaurant daily during my commute and I kept thinking I needed to go there. This was, of course, when I could not afford a decent restaurant and barely knew how to cook myself. Finally I get invited to the winemakers dinner by Willamette Valley Vineyards which they decided to host here. How exciting! First of all, several months ago I was at a Yelp Elite event and got to try some of Salty's famous seafood chowder so I was excited to introduce my husband to it. Friends have been raving about their brunch and happy hour for a while as well.The dinner was absolutely amazing. The Chef, Josh Gibler, was able to have fun and create a four course meal completely different from anything they offer on the regular Salty's menu and wow, do I wish they had that presentation of Copper River Salmon as a regular item because it was truly magical! Each dish was accompanied by hand selected Willamette Valley Vineyard wines and their beverage manager actually found wines that WVV no longer even carries! What a wonderful meal - and the service was amazing. The sweet girl helping us even was able to effortlessly bring us chowder to go quickly and their free valet service was a treat!Watching all four of Oregon's seasons happen in the course of an hour over the Columbia River made for a very relaxing evening. The view was astounding and we most certainly will be back again.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,11/16/2012,90,158,5,5,5>Vegans and kosher folks steer clear!  This place is a pork-a-palooza!  I don't eat pork.  I've also never had "Cuban" food before.  I can't speak to it's authenticity, but I can speak to this...  it's sooooo good!  I've been three times now.  Once alone for lunch, once with co-workers for lunch, and once with a buddy for supper.  Never have I been let down.  I ordered differently every time.  Get the beets.  I thought I didn't like beets, I do.  Vacca Fritta.  Fried cow.  Yes, it looks terrible.  But try it.  The crispy flat top crust with that sauce (no, i can't describe it other than citrusy and have no idea what's in it!) is amazing.  The arroz con pollo is NOT your typical mexican type fare.  It's got this rich white wine flavor and WOW.  WOW.  It was just as good leftover the next day for lunch.  So here's the best part....  dessert.  Gluten free even!  Try the Lime in the Coconut cake.  Made with coconut flour.  So GOOD.  even good drinks.  I had the purple tea, I don't remember what it's called.  But it's PURPLE.  If you want to sit inside at supper, you're gonna wait.  If it's nice outside, you're gonna wait.  Put your name on the clipboard and chill.  They will get to you. You will not go hungry, the portions are generous.  The prices may be a bit more than you are expecting from a laundry (next door) but when you get your food, it's completely worth every penny.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,11/14/2012,211,267,12,15,10>I LOVE Paragon. Wait, maybe I didn't express that with enough fervor. Ok...wait for it, let me try again - I LOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE Paragon. Can you handle this amount of emotion?!I should clarify: I REALLY love Paragon's Happy Hour and I really REALLY love their all day $10 menu. Having been here a few times now I've been able to taste a good variety of things on the menu and I just can't get enough of the mussels and the grilled cheese and tomato soup. I posted some pictures and they truly speak louder than words. It's DELICIOUS and I always leave feeling full and satisfied. The $5 food happy hour menu is a little smaller and in my opinion not as good, so if you're willing to shell out an extra $5 I'd go for it - you'll get twice the portion and in my opinion, a better meal. The plus side about going during happy hour is the drink menu - they have some excellent wine options all under $6.50 and some great $5 cocktails as well. In the summer: awesome outdoor seating in the shade or the sun depending on your preference!In the winter: cozy inside right by the fireplace!My mouth is now watering. Thanks, Yelp for making me relive this at 11AM - I have to wait 5 hours now until happy hour starts! JEEZE!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,11/13/2012,70,389,7,9,7>Thought it was a good nite to take my favorite bride out to dinner, and knew she would be down for a round of raw oysters, so we opted for Corbett Fish House, a place we go on occasion. She likes it for the oysters, I like it because you can get a typical fish dinner from my native Minnesota, Walleye Pike, which isn't actually a pike, but a member of the perch family, which Corbett also serves.Corbett has a couple of things going for it, preparing some foods in a typical Midwestern style, and the fact that all breaded items are done with brown rice flour, resulting in a lot of choices not usually available to those who insist on a gluten-free menu.We met up with our pal and local gardening expert, Sara Pool, a gluten free fanatic.We started with a round (or two) of deep fried cheese curds, one of my favorite preparations in all of Portland.   This is a Wisconsin 'treatment', here employing local cheese fave, Tillamook brand.  These monsters, I could eat pounds of, and in fact, we did order a second round of them, which through some waiter described "kitchen incident" actually didn't show up til the end of the meal.  No matter, we polished them off anyway.The ladies had some oyster shooters, Sara went with traditional cod for fish and chips, Mrs. BDB had more oysters, fried this round, along with Wasabi cole slaw, and I had the perch.Expect to pay a little more for the gluten free menu compared to other 'fish and chip' offerings around town.  I'm not complaining.  4 appetizers, 3 entrees, 4 beers and a glass of wine set us back $80, which ends up being pretty reasonable.If you're on a budget, like most places, Corbett offers a decent happy hour menu which allows you to sample some great things at bargain prices.The happy hour/dinner time, even on weekdays, gets a good crowd, so be prepared for that.  If you don't feel like a drive west of the river, co-owned Hawthorne Fish House has the same menu.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,11/12/2012,164,111,5,8,5>Great dive bar in a happening spot in SE.Granted, this is my type of bar: not pretentious and typically not too busy.  And frankly, even when it does get busy, it never seems to get too busy (as in I can always find a seat and I can always order a drink).  The Clinton Street Theater regularly puts on interesting events that always attract a fun crowd afterword.This bar meets my personal dive bar criteria:Cheap drinksStiff poursFriendly bartendersEclectic crowdPinball machines (again, my personal criteria)And as if that's not enough, they have a table version of Ms. Pac-Man that I regularly drop money on while I'm there trying to beat the high score (185,000?!  Really?!  C'mon!).If you are a connoisseur of dive bars, I recommend you give this one a try. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,11/11/2012,33,135,8,8,6>Mmmmmm.....Miniature pies. Since they are mini pies, that means I can eat more than one, right? Now up until this point I would tell people that my mom makes the best pies, but after my experience at Pie Spot, she has been moved to second place.  Mom, if you read this I am sorry. Now stop crying and go have a pie and then grudgingly admit that I am right. While I could eat a couple of these, I have yet to try it as there is more pie than meets the eye. They may look small, but there is a lot of tasty filling surrounded by the best crust I have ever had. Not too flaky, not too chewy, just buttery, crisp, and flaky crust perfection. My only issue was that when I was here recently, but the person working the cart seemed to be rather inconvenienced by the fact we had come to order some of the tasty pies that were being made. Bad day, bad life, whatever it is, I don't really care. Try to at least have a good attitude when people come to your place of work. The service wasn't horrendous, it was just rude (in a Portlandy, hipster mcangerypants kind of way). Be nice and maybe even smile and all is forgiven, okay? Thanks, and keep making great pies.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2012,11/10/2012,105,60,11,12,9>Better watch out, Double Dragon will get you. I've booked out every Tuesday for the rest of my life to eat here. Yes, I know there's a new restaurant down the street that cooks ________ soaked in barrel-aged lard. Yeah, I heard about that place that pours ________ down a goat-bone luge. Do I look like I care? Double Dragon's calling my name, and I can't ignore the call of the Dragon.Fresh chewy bread. PIckled carrots. Meat so tender it'll make you go vegetarian and back just for the chance to tell people Double Dragon made you eat meat again. And secrets. So many delicious, juicy secrets.Step out of the blasé sandwich shop you just walked into and go to DD. Walk out! Do it! Now!And then, on a cold winter's day - or any other day really - try the ramen. But only if you want to forget about the sandwiches. Or any soup anywhere else for that matter.Just make sure to tell Rob that we like him here. He belongs in Portland, and him and his delectable restaurant creation can please stay here for years and years and never shut down or change any ingredients or move or anything, just please, dear god, please keep making those sandwiches. Please.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,11/9/2012,202,297,12,15,12>Leisure Public House has one of the greatest jukeboxes in the Portland area. For starters, 4 plays for $1! Remember that? Nowadays, most boxes are 2 or 3 plays for a dollar. Plus LPH's box also has 9 plays for $2 and 25 plays for $5! Stick a fiver in and you have just become LPH's DJ for the next hour. Music is cheap and the content is awesome. I am a slave to old school hip hop and R&B. This jukebox has some of the best selection: Biggie, EPMD, KRS-One, Wu-Tang, Tribe, Pharcyde, and Mary J. for starters.The food is simple and simply great. They have great tasting paninis and a killer tomato bisque. The Bisque is garnished with a basil pesto that elevates the soup. Every sandwich comes with a cup, but you are going to want a bowl of this tomato bisque. Their HH special is great on their "deconstructed" bruschettas. You choose from a list of $2 toppings and it is accompanied by buttered and toasted crostinis. You then make each piece of bread your personal Bruschetta playground. I had toppings of black olive tapenade, roasted red pepper spread, and goat cheese. Most tapenades are too salty because an olive is inherently salty. LPH's version is just right. The service was great. They complimented my music selection (flattery will get you everywhere). I would have preferred to have a drink menu that listed all the spirits they have available. I hate asking if they have this, that, or the other. Drinks were strong. However, I should have asked to have my Manhattan stirred and on the rocks. The bartender tonight served it shaken and straight up. We bombarded them with an Unofficial Yelp event of at least 15 yelpers and the staff was always quick and friendly.The patio is totally Portlandia, in a cool way. They have a bocce ball court, ping pong table, and lots of seating. It would have been nice if they turned up the speakers outside so you can hear the jukebox (I did put more than 5 bucks in there). They probably can't because of the outside noise and grumpy neighbors. St. Jeezy is such a weird place to get to from Hillsburrito. Do you take twist-turny Germantown road over, take the 26 and go all the way around, or take the 2 and a half hour Tri-Met ride? I just don't have enough reasons to make the trek to LPH from the burbs. I have been to St. John's twice and both times I have ended up at LPH. I don't always go to St. Johns, but when I do I go to Leisure Public House.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,11/8/2012,29,80,4,9,6>It's official. After just two visits I'm willing to proclaim The Conquistador as my new home away from home in inner SE PDX. Let's break it down! The Style:There's no confusion about the imagery of choice at The Conquistador - if you've been looking for a place to drink in Portland while surrounded by black velvet and carved wooden art featuring 16th century Spanish Empire warlords, this is your spot! The art is kitchy, it's elegant, it's divey, it's hip, it's awesome. Mix in the black vinyl booths, dim '70s candle lighting, and even a fully functioning 1980s era juke box (replenished with a nice array of past & modern jams), and you've got a place my pops would've been right at home in 40+ years ago. (Oh and don't forget the decent-sized sidewalk patio on front!)The Drinks:There's something for everybody here...solid wine options, cheap bottle/draft beer, and a wide variety of finely-crafted cocktails...if you like booze, you'll be happy. The Food:It's fresh, it's veggie-centric, it's flavorful, and it's excellent. Try the rice & bean bowl with any of the house-made salsas (I recommend it paired with a Tecate tall boy) and go forth from there. I'm instantly suspicious of the word "vegetarian" being used along side a dark bar, but The Conquistador has made me reconsider my close-minded stance. The Service:We've been helped by outstanding, easy-going folks each time in. Once with just my fiance and I at the bar and another time with a group of 6 at a back booth. Both times the service has been prompt, helpful, and lively. Can't ask for much more. Other Entertainment:There's one pool table, a skinny shuffleboard table, a couple pinball machines upstairs in an interesting crow's nest-like loft (that also features an excellent sparkling gold vinyl couch), plus the aforementioned vintage juke box, room for DJs and apparently a trivia night. The Vibe:Too hip and stylish to be considered a dive...too down to earth and friendly to draw the negative "hipster bar" label...it's a place I'd take my parents one night and my kickball team the next. I'm not sure how popular it is or isn't on late weekend nights, but I'm guessing the place doesn't radically change in character. The Verdict:Whether you start or end your night here, you won't be disappointed. Great food, great drinks, great service, great ambiance...a tremendous addition to my swollen Rolodex of PDX favorites.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2012,11/7/2012,574,765,13,17,19>The setting at this hotel in their lobby is pretty old school and with a nice Hollywood sparkly flair at the same time.  It's got your rich dark walnut woods, and your interesting patterns on the rugs, as well as the furnishings, including even leopard spots in some areas. There's the wonderful retro mirrors as well as the lights all over.  The service is pretty laid back which I find always inviting.I usually come here for solace and escape from troubles. I am fond of this bar because this is where my husband presented me with my wedding ring. I also come here when feeling sad or blue. It's just an easy place to be.Most importantly I come here for the martinis, and they even have aviation,  the wonderful local gin that doesn't mess around.  They give you your martini glass full of gin and then one of those little gin decanters so you can continue to pour yourself more, kind of like a milk shake but only different. Maybe that's why it's so comfy here.They have a decent enough menu as well. They've been changing them from time to time and I see a lot more options than from past times.  Speaking of past times, this place goes way, way back to 1913!   It used to be the place where the president stayed but I am not sure if that is true any longer.  You should go and visit, if not just for historical reasons. They've even got that old sparkle on their sidewalks when the sun hits it just right.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2011,11/12/2011,123,89,20,9,14>Over time, even the most passionate marriage can become stagnant. No amount of GGG lovin' can make up for the fact that sometimes you just have needs. Needs your spouse can't fulfill. For me, it's Ford cocktails with Ransom gin and sopresetta. For my husband, it's roasted garlic and Fernet. The simple food menu, that is unfortunately bereft of options for our poor vegetarian friends, leaves plenty of room for cocktails prepared to highest standards of beverage nerdery.Sidecar 11 is a teeny-tiny space perfect for couples who love to taste one-another's food and drinks in lieu of actual intimacy. It is to budgeting foodie couples what Club Sesso is. . . to gross people. During happy hour the charcuterie plate will cost less than five dollars. If you can find an item of comparable erotic and gastronomic value this side of Burnside, I'll eat my diaphragm. I mean hat.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2011,11/11/2011,376,599,18,13,16>Some rapturific thoughts while sitting on the second story of the Grilled Cheese Grill double decker bus on the last day of Earth, May 21, 2011:- When the nice person fixing your sandwich announces that your order is ready, it comes over a speaker that can be heard clear as day from the double decker bus seats. My reply when my order was up? "Is that . . . God?"If it was, it would not be that God, but most definitely would be Cheebus.- While Cheebus' hands were busy and no new sandwiches were available to herald, the speakers played a pleasing variety of old and slightly less old music. I will confess, Bruce Springsteen's "Atlantic City" kind of leaves me choked up, and I'm from a place far from the Jersey Shore. The lyrics just haunt me."Everything dies, that's a fact. Maybe everything that dies someday comes back."Wait a minute, it's almost like ole' Brucie knew what was in store for everybody come May 21, 2011. "Atlantic City" is clearly a prophecy of the inevitable zombie uprising that will result from the rapture. How could Bruce Springsteen possibly see what was to come unless . . . Holy shit, are Bruce Springsteen and Cheebus one and the same?- You might think the second story of a double decker bus would be an ideal place to be situated for the zombie onslaught, but it really isn't. One, I don't think it has wheels. And two, the zombies would eventually figure out how to shake and tip the bus. By that time, if there are no objects to successfully keep the doorways blocked, you would need to come up with a way to shatter the windows and jump to the nearest roof. Survival is hard, yo.- That said, the likelihood of the world's end before dinner tonight is just not very high. No zombies, Jesus hands, or spaceships are going to disrupt life as we know it in this fair city. So while it might be easy to rail against the GCG for serving you food that you can easily make yourself and charging you about five to six bucks for it, it's not as if you weren't aware what would go down at this particular food cart.Chances are, you don't have the basil pesto spread to do the Northsider, nor the artichoke hearts and sun dried tomatoes to make the Southsider. And if your fridge is seriously stocked with as many cheese varieties as the GCG has in tow and you're still too lazy to make your own damn sandwich, then Cheebus Fries but your life is charmed. Isn't it wonderful to be alive and breathing the clean, relatively warm Portland air on a Saturday afternoon while chewing on warm provolone and not human brains?
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,11/10/2011,207,465,14,12,13>Have you ever had a taco come and punch you in the face with it's spicy tastiness? Well if not, for shame. For I had myself the First Class Flight and I have no regrets - sans the fact I could not eat more! So first off, I am a big spice wuss. I mean, huge. It can actually make me cry. I'm glad I didn't read the descriptions too well or I may have balked (side note: I love that the menu describes what some of those cooking styles are because I had NO IDEA before). Anywho, my plate came in record fashion and I greedily delved in - with the Tinga taco - aka the spiciest of the group. Mouth on fire. Margarita GONE. The fact I could still taste flavor says a ton about this place. I followed it up with the pastor and it was milder - but I say that mildly! It still was a spicy taste explosion for me. So I summed it all up with the Cochinita taco and it was the mildest, and my favorite. Not to say I didn't love the others - and that's coming from mega-spice wuss. This place rocks. Oh yeah, the margaritas? Delightful. I had the Sinful & the Mango Hibiscus one and both were strong but didn't make me want to pass out from a tequila high. Service was top notch as well, for such a small space. High five anyone? Anyone!?!? All right I'll do it myself.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,11/9/2011,219,427,20,21,19>Couldn't have picked a better place for my 100th review or the story of my worst episode of gluttony-EVER. We had been reading the great reviews of this place and were dying to try it for sometime now. I was really craving sushi that day and showed up hungry. We were greeted by an extremely friendly waitress who seated us at the sushi bar. Standard protocol when the two of us go out for sushi involves ordering about 4 rolls and seeing how it goes from there. We set about our arduous task of deciding what to order from the extensive and mouthwatering menu. What is cool about this place is that you can bring the full spectrum of sushi eaters with you and they will be happy, from the hardcore only raw fish eaters to those who just like rolls to those who don't even like sushi (don't get me started on you people). The sashimi choices are excellent and they also offer numerous salads, noodles, teriyaki and a kids' menu. Most of the specialty rolls will set you back around $9. My boyfriend also pointed out how nice it was that the chopsticks came in a sealed package and we observed they are a step up from the thin wooden chopsticks you get everywhere else- a little sturdier for the mighty eaters. Nice touch!We picked out four rolls and an appetizer. While waiting we saw another roll get delivered. It looked extremely appetizing and we were told it was the red lobster roll with asparagus, avocado, cucumber and well, yes, lobster. We decided if we were still hungry after what we had already ordered, this would be our next choice. (looking back, this was laughable)Our first roll to come out was the Mexican roll with spicy crab, avocado, cucumber and shrimp. It had two peppers next to it on the menu to signify how hot it was but really we thought it more of a one pepper level. Hot it was not, delicious yes. One roll down, no sweat! Two dishes came out around the same time, one being the appetizer. I had argued for the Monkey brain-avocado with spicy tuna and crab, deep fried, but we decided on the mixed tempura instead. It was fantastic. The batter was light and crispy with a hint of spice with a very flavorful accompanying broth. The other dish that came out around that time was the Crazy Love roll, my favorite. All kinds of crazy goodness with spicy crab, shrimp tempura and avocado. I think I failed to mention that these rolls are bigger than your standard rolls at most places. The fullness was setting in. I surreptitiously snuck a sideways glance at my boyfriend and the other patrons and then loosened a notch on my belted shirt. Note to self: A belted shirt is not appropriate Crazy Sushi eating attire. Next up was the In & Out Salmon roll, raw salmon on the inside and baked salmon on the outside with asparagus, avocado, cheese and green onion. This was a great  combination, I really liked the texture and flavor of this roll. Really full now, started jettisoning the tempura off my plate and onto my boyfriend's plate. By the time the Oregon Roll with baked scallop, parmesan, spicy tuna and asparagus came out I was getting ready to affix my napkin to one of my chopsticks in the form of a white flag and we asked for a to go box. God bless that waitress who supressed a smirk and said that maybe we could try that lobster roll "next time". I got one bite of the Oregon Roll before I surrended. I remember the bite as being very cheesy and good and I wish I had gotten more of it. I had wanted mochi for dessert, but that just was not going to happen. Onto the next belt notch. Was not caring at this point, other patrons, sushi chef (who was super cool by the way), my boyfriend. Everyone saw it. As a consolation prize they put a sculpted orange with a smiley face in front of me. Okay, not just me, apparently everyone gets this. Really the service here is very outstanding and attentive.The final score ended up something like this:Jessie :  0, Crazy Sushi: 100I waddled back to the car clutching my precious leftovers while my boyfriend mocked me mercilessly about my lack of self control. We decided that in the future this place would definitely a two roll affair and maybe an appetizer. Maybe. The rest of my night was spent laying on the couch, moaning pathetically, cursing myself yet wondering about that lobster roll and massaging my sushi swollen tummy. (This was super sexy, I promise).Okay Crazy Sushi, I demand a rematch. You, me, high noon at the OK Corral, errr, umm I mean the Sherwood strip mall. I'll be armed in sweatpants and a pair of chopsticks.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,11/8/2011,90,42,8,9,11>Before I moved to Portland, I lived in Indiana. In Indiana, people drink crappy beer. Ordering Blue Moon makes you a man of distinction. I am NOT a man of distinction; I AM a woman with a fine palate. Therefore, I never really understood beer.. until now.Portland, you taught this old dog some new tricks and they are FANCY and DELICIOUS and available in every freaking shape and size at John's Marketplace.I was brought here, slightly suspicious from the down and out appearance of the murky storefront. I was like, really, a store worth traveling to in the deep west side of Portland?Holy crap. WORTH IT.I just got my Christmas bonus and I am going to blow some cash money on a shelf full of beer from across the globe. There are at least 4 aisles (6-8 feet tall, 4 or 5 shelves, and long) of beer selections, not including the coolers and displays and kegs. The beer is organized according to country (the American microbrew selection is bewildering in itself), but there are more countries represented than most men could probably name if asked to name countries off the top of their heads. They sell wine and food, and the wine selection looks pretty sexy, but my stars are soley based on beer.If you love beer, this is where you need to be. This is a store that will respect your alcoholic curiosity with reckless abandon. Give in to your microbrew fantasies.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2010,11/7/2011,273,418,14,14,15>First of all: one of the best names for a brewery ever.Second of all, confession: when I was just a wee lad residing in the flattest state in the union, this was the first brewery I had heard of from Portland.  I used to geek-out on beer forums, and Hair of the Dog (known from here on as HotD) came up quite a bit.  The beers were BIG and HARD (to acquire).Later I'd visit Portland and discover there was no HotD brewpub, but there was a brewery.  I tried to arrange a visit, but couldn't work it out.  Instead I settled for taking a couple of bottles up to Mt Tabor on a Sunday Morning (sssshhh, don't tell, and don't worry, I RECYCLED).Later, I'd get to visit the brewery.  Alan, the found and brewer was incredibly hospitable.Now that I live in Portland, I find that HotD is one of the more esoteric Portland breweries.  It seems it has more fans outside of Portland than inside (the only place I've seen it on tap is Horsebrass, for example).  Hopefully that will all change with the opening of a bona-fide brewpub.And just a couple days ago I visited,  it's quite the nice little spot.  Here are my thoughts:- You should know that all of HotD's beers are BIG and BOLD.  By Portland standards they are a little on the sweeter side.  If you like big American Strong Ales and Barley Wines, this is the place for you.  But they also have a very good IPA and even a "session ale" (for you non-beer geeks, this means a beer you can pound many of, with little effort)  You can get them in 12oz or 3oz sizes.  FOR YOU SUPER BEER GEEKS: they also have vintages of many assorted HotD beers from years gone by in the bottle.  You can only drink them on-site though.  I appreciate this because...the beer geek community tends to create "hoarders" who will stock pile more beer than they drink.  I know, I used to be one.- The food is surprisingly good and inexpensive.  $6 for some of the savory, melt-in-your mouth brisket?  Yes, please.- The hours, are conservative.  This isn't a "late night spot", be sure you check the hours before you visit.  I think they are generally 2pm-8pm, Wed-Sun.  (they could change soon though, so consult them first, nothing worse than showing up with a killer beer thirst and having to go home with your tail between your legs...see what I did there?)- The location, is kind of odd-ball, but in a area of Portland that seems to be up-and-coming.  The views of downtown are great.  Rarely do you get any views of downtown from anywhere in SE Portland.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,11/6/2011,121,1306,7,12,11>You know it's good when I don't miss the cheese. Fresh, delicious, and full of awesome flavor combinations--most of which include bacon.They have the pre-made beauties, all of which you can substitute what you want, or you could just go wild and build your own. I am a fan of the order card, no doubt about it.The lunch rush isn't much of a wait. They know that some of us have to schlep back to the surrounding offices in a somewhat timely manner and they grill accordingly. I don't think I waited longer than 4-6 minutes. The burgers are all kinds of affordable for a filling lunch, AND they take cards for a $0.50 charge. Thank you for that.They play Hot Water Music from time to time while grillin'. Be still my heart.They've renewed my faith in Texas Toast. You can get breakfast all day. All. Day.Most of all they allow you to be just as bad as you want to be. Have that simple burger or give into temptation and cradle the Redonkadonk in your hands. Your arteries will thank you for it.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2011,11/5/2011,49,108,7,6,13>So, to be honest I was that guy who said "Soccer is a Euro sport", and "My son plays FOOTBALL, that's an American sport". As such, I was completely unprepared for the experience that he and I were treated to Saturday night. The renovation of Jeld Wen is amazing. Quite frankly PGE was a dump. Amazing vision and execution of what is now a venue that smacks of Portland culture. The Timber Army will make your jaw drop. It is a spectacle even surpassing being at the Civil War game. The soccer was ACTUALLY exciting. Even in a 1-Nill victory, we were on the edge of our seat. Concession prices were less than the Rose Garden, lines were short and generally this is an ideal family outing. This is the hottest ticket in town, and I'm really glad we had the foresight to get Season Tix, it's gonna be a lot of fun!Oh yeah, DO IT Baby!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,11/4/2011,122,144,8,8,7>Yes, I am a fan. It helps that Hophouse is easy walking distance to home. 20+ rotating taps, several local, from light lagers to the hoppiest ipas.And yes, it's all about the beer here but... the mixed drinks at Hophouse are pretty fantastic! They've currently got this lemongrass martini thing going on that is the bees-knees, and if you can get over yourself and girl-it-up for just a minute the lavender lemon drop is lovely.And *as* it's all about the beer, I realize that the food comes second but... well the food really does come second. It's not bad, just pretty generic bar food. What more do I want? What would make us eat here more rather than just drink? That's hard to say... maybe a bit more variety? Maybe more vegetarian options? Yeah, that would help. But frankly, that's not what the Hophouse is really about, and it's cool. I can eat elsewhere, and will definitely keep drinking here.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,11/3/2011,758,866,3,8,6>Late night happy hour was great.  The meatballs dish was fabulous. May be the best marinara I have ever had. So fresh, rich, and flavorful. The toasted bread that comes with it is perfect.Oven roasted tomato pizza was also great. Not overloaded with flavor so you get to taste each aspect - tomato, garlic, basil, mozzarella. I did notice the center of the pizza was much softer than the outside, causing the slice to limp when you picked it up. I would prefer a more firm slice throughout.It is always super packed for the early happy hour here. Make sure to arrive before the doors open at 4:30PM.Best restaurant in Beaverton.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,8/30/2008,25,121,,8,9>So my cousin is getting married in a fancy schmancy ceremony in New York in a few weeks.  Which means that in addition to buying a plane ticket and a present, I also need to buy a dress.  I don't wear dresses.  So I spent yesterday going into every dress shop on Alberta.  While everyone I encountered all day was friendly and helpful, the ladies at Garnish went above and beyond.  They gave me a few minutes to browse before realizing I had no clue what I was doing and intervening.  Michelle introduced herself and their sizing scheme, which uses flattering words like "foxy" and "perfect" instead of numbers.  She asked what I was shopping for and proceeded to pull dresses she thought would work for me, keeping in mind my body shape and that weddings aren't the appropriate occasion to show off the girls (one of my many problems in dress shopping).  She made me show her and the designer, Erica, every dress I put on and explained that they could do alterations and embellishments to make the dresses more interesting.  I settled on a pink strapless dress, with criss-cross straps and a ribbon around the waist added.  But they didn't stop there.  The dress is a bit expensive ($260 including alterations and additions) so I thought I could convince my mom to help pay for it (did I mention I'm also on the hook for a plane ticket and present), so they pinned on the straps, took a picture, and emailed it to my mom so she could see it too.  Talk about service.  So if you're willing to spend a little bit more and want to customize your dress this is the place.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,8/29/2008,65,27,,6,5>A couple of friends recently took me up on an offer to go to ten 01 for quail, which I had enjoyed there in January, though they have apparently rotated the items on their menu since then. Nevertheless, there remained a beautiful selection of appetizers and main courses,and I was happy to have the opportunity to sample another dish.To start, the chef sent over small cups of a flavorful custard, prosciutto, aged cheese, and crouton concoction, which we practically inhaled. My friends shared a half dozen oysters, which I don't care for but they enjoyed immensely.I was still feeling a little bummed about the quail until I tasted (and subsequently wolfed down) their amazingly tender, juicy beef short ribs. One of my friends had "the best halibut I've ever tasted" with mussels, and more oysters...and the other ate some sort of saucy flat noodles with proscuitto and fried quail eggs, which looked amazing. I also had a hefeweizen.Then we shared a sumptuous chocolate chip bread pudding (topped with banana slices) drizzled with and surrounded by caramel and a scoop of coffee flavored ice cream. Utterly amazing. After dessert the chef gave us a sampler of 8 assorted truffles and turkish delight. Pure dark chocolatey heaven.The restaurant was active, but not too busy, and conveniently located about 6 blocks from my apartment in the heart of the Pearl District. We got in without a reservation on a Saturday night and were immediately seated. The decor is modern and original -- very spacious and warm with a "clean" look and feel. The wait staff are knowledgeable, personable, polite, and FAST. Couldn't ask for better service.Highly recommended to anyone looking to enjoy a relaxed, yet bustling restaurant atmosphere with absolutely fantastic food.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2008,8/27/2008,3211,1938,7,15,13>I have to do it. Broder deserves it. And here's why.Broder makes awesome food. There's no question about it. I wouldn't know authentic Danish/Swedish food if it came up and bit me on the ass. Be it authentic or not, it is delicious. Broder offers a small menu of breakfast and lunch. Breakfast consists of assorted baked scrambles, some hash (including a smoked trout hash), ableskivers, waffle with ham, breakfast sandwich, and breakfast bords (boards with meat, egg, cheese, etc). The lunch menu is replete with grilled sandwiches, burgers (lamb burger, yum!), and other delights. Everything is made with quality ingredients, and cooked with love. I frankly have not had anything there that has left me wanting...I have enjoyed the lamb burger, the smoked trout baked scramble, the duroc ham and Swedish farmhouse cheese baked scramble, a special pork shoulder hash, the smoked trout hash, the ableskivers (little pancake balls served with lemon curd, lingonberry jam, and maple syrup), the potato pancakes, the sauteed greens, and some sort of baked rummy cherry cakey thing. Everything was top notch. Cooked on cast iron, using plenty of clarified butter, and frankly delicious ingredients. I would quickly order any of the above items again, were I not on a mission to try everything on the menu.Broder is small, and very comfy. It has a somewhat modern feel, but is appointed with very tasteful wood decorations. It's definitely IKEA meets... well... IKEA.  The only downside is that its small. Is that really a down-side? Well, it depends. Weekends can get a tad hectic. This equates to longer than normal wait times. But, that's the catch. Broder has a one-man stove, and paired with one line cook, they just can't turn tables as fast as a larger restaurant. The up-side to this, though, is that everything is made personally to order, and the quality is simply not diluted. Food this good should be worth waiting for. Now, consider yourself duly warned. Breakfast can take a WHILE here on weekends. If you want fast food, go somewhere else. If you need to be in a hurry, then hurry to a different breakfast spot.The staff at Broder is simply amazing. I have never had less than 5-star service. That, combined with the excellent food, merits 5 stars from me. Even if I have had to wait a long time for my food on some occasions. I look forward to returning on a morning when I can enjoy a bloody mary or an Aquavit to start off my day. Until then, I will just have to dream about those baked eggs laying atop a delicious hash. MMMmmmmmm.....
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2008,8/26/2008,189,360,10,19,14>Dar Essalam offers you a chance to visit Morroco......without driving further away than Wilsonville - making the cost of gas money to Wilsonville look like a damn fine deal.I downright love Dar Essalam.  The food is authentic, delicious, and each bite is extremely special and packed with flavor.  A husband and wife opened up Dar Essalam with the hopes of bringing the exotic to Oregon locals and they serve up every dish with love and enthusiasm.The decor itself is mysteriously romantic, as if you're dining abroad, and the warm accents and exotic decorations bring the night alive.  You must try, in no particular order: the baklava, the Moroccan hot mint tea, the casablanca dessert for two (order it early, it takes a while to be prepared), Spicy lamb shank & olive tanjine (order it with the eggplant too!), and the kabob sampler.Not only do I love supporting such a wonderful endeavor by the owners, but I can't help but crave another meal at such a special place with heavenly treats for my taste buds.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2008,8/25/2008,121,1306,7,11,11>Smooth.  Creamy.  Hand-pulled.  Dare I even say orgasmic?  Spella's dwells among the rest of the carts  on 9th and Alder, but it's not to be missed.  It's absolutely worth the walk I have to make to get there.  It's just that good.  They pull shots in cute little cup and saucers if you want a pick-me-up right then and there so you can quickly get on your way.  However, if you're like me, you want to savor the flavor.  Three dollars for a 12oz latte is a small price to pay for heaven in a cup.  For an added touch, they imprint their name on their cup.  This isn't your corporate knock-off.  The owner is there, taking pride, making all of your drinks individually.  Each drink made with care, exactly the way you want it.  My latte was perfection, and while my friend's cappuccino wasn't exact, they gladly made her another no questions asked.  If there were any complaint at all, and there isn't, my latte was almost too hot to drink.  That's just fine with me because I wanted it to last me until I walked back to the office.  Otherwise that cup would have been super glued to my lips.  I had my eye on the hand-crafted chai on the menu, but I don't think I could ever sway from that delicious nectar in a cup.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,8/24/2008,189,522,5,7,6>This place is a hole in the wall. It's so tiny it's unbelievable. But don't let the small size deter you. For in here they have plenty of goodies that. The dumplings are awesome. Influenced by the northern region of china, you get a chinese chive and meat dumpling that's so juicy and delicious.  The other dish i loved was the noodles. Hand pulled done in front of everyone. How can you go wrong with something that visually spectacular. we had gosh i don't even know the name but anyone who knows korean spare ribs knows what i'm talking about. And a few other dishes they were good but were over shadowed by these other two. definately a place to drop by if you're in beaverton and craving korean or chinese food.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,8/23/2008,3,29,2,3,4>This place is fantastic: Awesome films. Comfy seats - although get there early if you want the really good comfy seats, as the theatres are small. Very good wine list and house cocktails. Great food. Live Jazz. Excellent service.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2008,8/22/2008,457,244,8,14,11>There are no fancy digs, no bacon on the maple bars, no Port-tentious (see Portland add pretentious) patrons, no snarky help; no gimmicks, no lines, no drive thrus...Just the type of establishment some mustached old man would begrudgingly get up way too early in the morning to go to just because it's "time to make the donuts".And the donuts...they're good.  Real good.  Sunday morning, coffee and newspaper good...late night drunken good...road trip good...these bad boys are old school good.Old fashioned, bismarks, maple bars, butter milk, chocolate bars, caked, with sprinkles, without...it's all there.Friendly service, neighborhood charm, and damn fine donuts.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,8/21/2008,188,386,9,10,8>Belly Timber, you treated us right. You took on a group of 13 for dinner, and instead of getting flustered like lots of places might, you handled it with finesse, giving us our own room to contain the bawdy raucouses, and even throwing in a special treat from the chef  that got our mouths a-watering. Bonuses for unusual menu items. I mean, I guess you really CAN put bacon in everything (drinks and desserts included) and magically make it work wonders. Thanks, Belly. Can I call you Belly?
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2008,8/20/2008,123,492,1,8,8>What to do on a Wednesday night when you're dying for something new and different?  I recommend checking Yelp to see what folks are raving about and then get out there and try it!  Yelp led me and a friend to the friendly little Farm Cafe a couple of weeks ago, and my love of Portland has grown a wee bit more because of it.  We spent hours there, ordering each course only after the last one was done.  We started with a lovely bottle of local pinot noir which was a fantastic back-drop to all that we ordered.  Our first course was (embarrassingly) from the dessert menu - baked brie with apples and hazelnuts.  Heaven!Our next course was a pan-fried goat cheese salad.  The goat cheese was amazing.  The salad itself, while good, was a bit uninspired.  A giant mound of baby greens (seriously, enough for 3 people) with a caper vinaigrette.  The salad without the goat cheese would have been a bit ho-hum, but thanks to the grilled awesomeness, the salad was indeed a hit.We decided to split an entree because we had already decided to order dessert.  We tried the blackened salmon with grit cakes and braised greens.  Can I just say...I didn't quite know what to expect of something called a "grit cake."  It was one of the yummiest things I had the entire night.  The texture was fantastic - almost fluffy and dense at the same time.  Is that possible?  The salmon was cooked beautifully, though it had such an intense salt flavor that I had a bit of trouble getting past that.  The braised greens were good, but also very, very salty.  Overall, the grit cakes saved the day with my entree, and I remained very, very pleased with the overall experience.Finally, finally, we were ready for dessert.  Given that we had been sitting for some hours at this point, a latte was a must, and it was the perfect balance of espresso, milk, and foam.  To accompany the lattes, we had the chocolate souffle cake - well, cakes, actually, since sharing dessert seemed so ridiculous after splitting the entree.  Yay!There are few desserts in town that hit perfection for me quite like the chocolate souffle cake here.  It was moist and richly chocolatey.  It was the kind of dessert that makes you open your eyes wide just before closing them for a few seconds and savoring all that you taste.  We will definitely go back to the Farm Cafe.  Their interpretation of Pacific Northwest cuisine is spot-on and delicious.  And what they do with chocolate...who wouldn't go back for that?
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2008,5/25/2008,4,23,2,5,5>Portland has a million pizza places, many above average, but none that I've fallen in love with. Until now.I'm yours Dove Vivi.Last night I tried DV with 8 other people. We ate family style and I got to sample 3 different salads, 5 different pizzas, and desert. All of it blew my mind. The beat salad is the best I've had in town and surprisingly, the broccoli and black bean salad was awesome too (great textures and dressing.) The thick cornmeal crust on the pizzas was perfect, the toppings all fresh and flavorful. Sausage and corn was the table's favorite, but the artichoke pie wasn't far behind. Make sure to save room for desert as well, cause the zuccotto is amazing.Eating this stuff I started to think "when can I come again...maybe Saturday???" I started thinking, "I could swing by tomorrow after work for a slice and a salad..." Anyway, when you get around to trying this place...look around for a skinny baldheaded guy...you're likely to find me getting my weekly fix.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2008,5/23/2008,376,599,20,12,20>An excerpt next to a fallen tree trunk, stretched flat across the creek and practically begging the adventurous and foolish hiker to mosey on over.HE: It'd be awesome if you did it.SHE: I know. How deep do you think the water gets down there?HE: Well, you wouldn't die. Actually, you might die because it's pretty rocky. If you fall, fall right.SHE: Those plants right at the edge? Are those poisonous?HE: They don't have red, sharp thingies. SHE: But what if I accidentally step on the plants, get hives, and then fall in? HE: It'd still be awesome.SHE: You want me to walk over.HE: I totally want you to walk over.Pause. Hiking. Comments on the unexpected tranquility and profusion of mud and moss. Return to the tree trunk.SHE: I could do it. I just don't think I should.HE: Maybe for another time.SHE: Maybe.This exercise in metaphor has been brought to you by the Lower MacLeay Park, for all your quiet time in the city needs, located just outside of Montgomery Park and the warehouse section of the city. The modern condition never looked so far away.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,5/22/2008,8,22,6,9,7>I visited this shop last weekend and was really taken back by it. It's bright, inviting and the salespeople were very friendly and helpful. The bikes are all amazing and I bought the awesomest bicycle helmet ever. (My husband is seriously turned on by it). I also bought a great purse that not only clips onto my bike rack but is also just super cute to carry around! I've always hated having to put my necessities into a smaller bag that would then go into a pannier. When not on a bike a little pouch zips over the clips so it looks like a regular bag AND it's waterproof.  Any woman that bikes should definitely pay a visit to this shop.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2008,5/21/2008,107,197,5,10,8>I took the hubby out last night for another Yelp find. The place was empty!! EMPTY!I was surprised, due to the glowing reviews. I was also kind of happy for my own selfish reasons. The dialog in my head went like this:Head: Well if this place is REALLLLY that good you'll be able to dine in peace until the rest of the world wakes up. Heart: Yes but if they don't get enough business they might close.On to the dinner table. We were served mini tortillas with two types of salsa's. The green one was my favorite and the spiciest. Next came our drink. HANDS DOWN BEST margarita i've had. I loved it. I could have at there all night sipping it. I HATE drinks that taste like alcohol. This was the perfect blend of tequilla, lime, mint leaves and sparkling wine. You could tell the alcohol was there, it just wasn't overpowering.We had the guacamole appetizer served with mini tortillas (i kind of missed chips actually) I have the asparagas enchilldas with caramalized onion and cheese, fried egg on top. TO DIE FOR. Desert was a chocolate cake with an orange ice cream and caramel sauce. I walked away pleasantly full. We will be back for $4 margaritas and appetizers during happy house!!! I also hear there will be dj's on cinco de mayo??
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2008,5/19/2008,59,47,11,11,10>I feel like I have to write a review of Couch Park because it is such an anomaly to me.  I come from Detroit where they encourage everyone to stay inside a all times.   It is an off leash dog park in the middle of NW Portland with playground equipment, a basketball court lots of benches and huge grassy areas.  My dog is a pussy.  Sorry to be crass, but he is.  He goes fetal and pees all over himself at the sight of another dog.  But people, he loves.  Everyone there is so nice to him.  I mean, I guess if you are going to chill in a dog park, you kind of have to be dog friendly.  But my little guy runs up to anyone who is "making a lap" and jumps into it.  People are really good about cleaning up after their dogs as well. Oh, and get this...the park is WIFI wired.  Screw coffee shops.  My nerotic little dog and I are spending our Sundays in Couch park now that the weather is nice.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2008,5/17/2008,161,226,18,21,21>Oooh, I'm getting that feeling again...that feeling I get when I happen upon a super amazing bar to which I've never been and totally adore.  I usually recognize this feeling within 1 minute of being in the establishment.  I usually won't shut up about how much I "love this bar, already!" for like, 30 minutes.But the Spare Room is not just a bar.  The Spare Room is a sweet symphony of fun, class, and old-timey goodness. Also fantasy.  What it definitely is is an old bowling alley.  What it feels like is an old roller-skating rink. It's begging to play host to a fantastic party, birthday or otherwise.  It's totally big with big tables, and big booths, and a mirrored wall. Seriously, is your birthday coming up? Silver Anniversary? Think about it.First of all, there's BINGO on Mondays.  They have a giant light-up Bingo board. I will undoubtedly be in attendance. How I will play, drink a cocktail, and eat a tuna melt at the same time will be tricky, but I'm sure I'll manage (oh my god, I just had a glimpse into my elderly years...it looks good).Also, there's karaoke Monday thru Wednesday.  By a super nice gal who came up to us after and invited us back next week.  There's no pretense, and songbook is not too shabby. There are cordless mics.  There's a dance floor. Party.Allegedly this dance floor also plays host to some crazy-fun-time dancing nights.  There's a duo that go by the name of 'Larry and Teri' who are world-class entertainers.  I can't vouch personally, but I'm willing to venture that they're classy as the day is long.Other than that, there's a full menu (you know, of bar food), they open @ 7 for breakfast, the bartender's super nice, and Wednesday is Ladies' Night.  I don't know what that got me, but I'm sure I liked it.  This little rascal is the real deal.  And she's not apologizing for it.UPDATE: BINGO is, in fact, amazing. i imagine i'll be there every monday. it's at 7. you should come.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2008,5/16/2008,31,124,5,7,6>I think this is only my second 5 star review in Portland, and it is certainly well deserved. My girlfriend and I decided to get dressed up and go out to celebrate the paying off of her student loan. We arrived early and were the first customers in the dinning room since happy hour was still going on.As an aside the interior design and natural light really work for this converted warehouse and the decorations are done just right.The menu seems to change seasonally and making a decision on which dishes to try was very difficult so we went with plan B - lots of appetizers! We tried the following:Spicy Chorizo SaucissonMediterranean MusselsGrilled Prosciutto Wrapped DatesHouse Marinated Olives served WarmAlgerian Braised Lamb ShoulderThe absolute winner was the Grilled Prosciutto Wrapped Dates. Second place for me would be the Mediterranean Mussels while my friend really enjoyed the Algerian Braised Lamb Shoulder.This is defiantly a restaurant at the top of my list for 'special' occasions.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,5/15/2008,187,281,9,14,15>Can't believe I haven't reviewed Jo Bar. It may have been there that I fell in love with Portland. On a visit (about 3 years ago) we stopped in Jo Bar and were treated like friggin family. The waitress (Lisa) still works there and has become one of my favorite people. Portland has GREAT, FRIENDLY people (largely why I live here now) and Lisa was maybe the first I met. That aside, I love the atmosphere. I love the bar. They know how to make drinks and how to tailor them to their drinkers. This afternoon I had a Gin Imperial and asked for it "not sweet". The drink I got had major pucker power (just the way I like it!). My wife had a Gin Fizz - the first was a bit too sweet, so she asked for it to be toned down for the second round and got a perfect drink. We had the seared ahi & pork belly appetizer. What a combo, huh? It was perfect.I've been here many, many times. The drinks have been pure 5 star. The wines (the selection and advice) have been 5 star. The service 5 star. Atmosphere is perfect. Food has ranged from 4 to 5 star, but overall I give them 5.BTW, they make the BEST Moroccan Coffee, PERIOD.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2008,5/14/2008,30,104,25,15,17>for many moons, i've been trimming the verge because who needs a jungle in their pants?  i'm not saying you don't want to get funky with your junk, but if your junk gets funky, maybe it's a sign that a little gardening is in order?  anyway, this will be an impossible sell for most guys, and i'm not trying to sell it anyway.  it works for me.so, i move to portland and my kick-ass wax-lady in austin does not move with me, because, well, she's got a life and family, but the weeds are growin' and i've grown accustomed to being serviced instead of just running my own weed whacker, and now i'm getting desperate and a little overgrown.and then i have a conversation with a girl i meet, and she saves my life (or anyway, saves my skin) by recommending her go-to girl, ChrystAnn.  ChrystAnn works at Wax On and I call up and get an appointment ASAP (which was actually about a week in the future--the pros here are popular, so do plan in advance, mmkay?)Being the smart boy I occasionally play on TV, I chose not to ride my bike to my appointment, because there is a unique, exquisite discomfort in riding home on a freshly waxed nether region.  unfortunately, this being the first time i'd ridden the bus in portland, i missed it by about 30 seconds and no amount of running caught me up to it, and it weren't slowing down for this fool.  sigh.so i'm going to be 15 minutes late and slightly moist (from the exertion of sprinting 5 blocks after the bus) and figure this is the wrong foot to start off on--you don't want to piss off a person who is about to be performing a delicate, potentially painful and crippling operation on your naughty bits.  i call up and ChrystAnn is absolutely unbothered and forgiving, and true to her word is welcoming and full of smiles when i arrive, late though i am.in case you have first-timer jitters, there's complimentary hard liquor on hand to steady the nerves.  but you won't need it once you realize how steady and gentle a hand ChrystAnn has--you are in good hands, and so is your junk (sorry, this review is boy-centric, but i can only review boyzillian capabilities, not having the other set of plumbing installed).I've been entirely thrilled with her service, bedside manner, and results, and will continue using her service once every 6 weeks until i die, move away, or go unemployed (cos, a good crotchwaxing is never cheap).3 thumbs up!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,5/13/2008,25,46,7,7,7>I will eat cold things even if it is snowing in April (it was last weekend). Mio Gelato is frozen delciousness from heaven. Watermelon is my favorite flavor. It tastes like lipgloss from middleschool---in a good way, mixed with summer time and bubblegum and frothy prom dresses. Plus, it comes in these adorable little pastel colored easter egg looking containers with miniature SHOVELS to scoop it up with. Estoy enamorada.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,12/13/2011,550,1055,13,18,15>Bye Bye Bush Garden, your happy hour will be missed.HELLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO KALE!!!!Yes, I'm aware that this restaurant is not a completely new restaurant. They just relocated from their old location to this new one. I must say, it was the right move. It's easily accessible, the MAX stop right there on Galleria stop. There's smart park right there so you can park your cars.I love that they just serve three things in the menu. Rice with Japanese curry with your options of (beef/vegetarian/Doria). Now, the Doria is the same as the beef curry but it's baked with cheese. They only serve 10 Dorias a day, so sadly I didn't get to try one when I went there on the opening day. The price is very reasonable $7 for a plate.You can add toppings to your rice plate. Not enough rice? Add more for a bit extra $. Same with sauce and pickles. You can also add eggs, cheese, and spinach to your rice plate. I added Cheddar cheese and spinach. It was heaven! It was gone in 5 minutes.Plenty of seating area, they will call your name when your food is ready. Pick it up and enjoy your meal. I like how they have 3 tatami rooms. It will come very handy when you are waaaaaaaaaay full and want to lay down for nap.I will come back here 1000000000000000 times more. Kale, Aishiteru!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,12/11/2011,95,86,10,8,4>You know a place kicks ass when you text no less than three of your friends along the lines of: "You have got to come to this place I'm at right now" "Beer and Whiskey pairings"  (btw whoever came up with this deserves a Nobel Prize for alcoholism)"The patio totally reminds me of the upstairs at Park Chow in The City" (that's a good thing)"HOLY S**T there's a waffle sandwich with bacon, peanut butter and ice cream"(OK to be fair, that one is a text I sent to myself)You know it supersonically kicks ass when you look over at your girlfriend and she's sending the exact same texts to her friends as well :)Came here for UYEPT, can't wait to come back!!Fortunately several of those texts were me with responses of envy, so I don't think I'll have to wait very long :)
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2011,12/10/2011,47,232,4,15,9>About a year ago I stopped by the Pellet Grill Warehouse (yelp.com/biz/pellet-gril) to pick up a few things for my Traeger grill.  Over the course of a couple visits to the store, I had a few conversations with the owners.  One thing I picked up on was that they said they were looking to open a BBQ restaurant right around the corner on TV highway, in the space formerly occupied by Hollywood Video and Game Crazy.  I'd written that off until recently, when I noticed a flurry of construction activity.  Great!  There's a severe lack of quality BBQ on the west side, and I'm always grateful for a new opportunity to express my inner carnivore.Like I said, it's in the former "Game Crazy" section of the old Hollywood Video across from Intel's campus on TV highway.  You'd never know it used to be a Game Crazy, though.  It's been tastefully furnished with a nice reddish-black color scheme.  Upon entering, you will walk toward the kitchen and place your order at the counter.  They've got both laminated and paper menus for you to look at, with the intention of the paper menus to take home.  On to the menu itself: very nice selection of the usual BBQ suspects.  This includes brisket, pulled pork, chicken, ribs and even turkey.  You can get the aforementioned meats in a sandwich, platter or even as part of a nacho.  The sandwiches have 3 bun options, a pub bun, sourdough bread or a pretzel roll.  Today I had a beef brisket sandwich on a pub bun with a side of BBQ beans.  Co-worker #1 had the exact same thing I did while co-worker #2 had a 3 meat platter that included brisket, pulled pork and ribs.  Just to really put em' to the test I ordered 6 of their chicken wings.  They describe them as "Smoked for 4 hours and fried to order".  You can choose from 1 of 3 wing sauces: Original, Spicy or Hot BBQ.  I chose original.The sandwich was very, very good.  Brisket is tough to get right.  Ask me how I know.  You can't just slap it on the grill and call it good.  It *must* be done low and slow, otherwise it will be tough and rubbery.  You won't find tough and rubbery at Dukes.  The pieces of brisket on my sandwich had a very nice smoke ring coupled with a tasty charred bark.  They don't add BBQ sauce to the sandwich; you add that yourself at the condiment counter.  I chose the original BBQ sauce, because I prefer not to clutter my BBQ with unnecessary heat.  Dukes BBQ sauce runs toward the sweet side, which I personally love.  I think it may be vinegar based, which is just fine with me.  Sweet and tangy... keep it coming!  I had some of my co-worker's pulled pork as well, and this was dynamite.  The "sweet" flavor theme continued there, and it works.  Juicy, tender; this stuff is meant to be eaten by the forkful.  I grabbed one or two of his fries too and wow, they were great!  Nice thick shoestrings... borderline steak fry thickness.  They were perfectly seasoned with some kinda salty cajun spice - fantastic!  The wings were... not bad.  The concept is good.  Smoke 'em low and slow for hours and then deep fry them very quickly for a crispy texture.  It all works except... the meat inside the wings was too tough.  I liked their original wing sauce and the crispy texture, just not the meat so much.  Maybe I'll swing them my recipe for smoking wings on my Traeger.  Nah...All in all I'm very pleased that they're up and running.  I'm looking forward to heading back and trying other things like the "Dukes BBQ Super Nachos" and the ribs.  The folks at Intel should consider themselves lucky that they've got a great BBQ choice right across the street.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,12/9/2011,145,186,29,18,19>Recent Discoveries:1. Turning 30 is not as bad as everyone says it is.2. Telling a Tigard Police Officer to "lick your balls" gets you a crispy, $150.00 ticket.3. Having a crazed, Evangelical Christian mother,  makes you want to drink more than you did when you were 16 and were rocking a  fake ID with the name Hermelinda Rodriguez-Vargas on it.4. Lighting a Virgen De Guadalupe candle and asking her to make you "skinny" doesn't work if you continue to drink your weight in IPA's.5. Santa Cruz has meat! And I could not be more pleased.  Last night i happened upon a lovely little case of raw, meaty delights.  Pastor, Tinga, Asada, Adobo. Some other weird fatty cuts that Mexicans love.For $2.99 a lb I was a little leery about the pastor but went for it anyway.  The meat was neatly sliced, seasoned and onioned.  I threw it on some tostadas with a sprinkle of queso fresco and it was a crowd pleaser.  Lean, effortless to cook and very tasty. First with the cakes and now with the meat?  Stop it already, Santa Cruz!  You already had me at Tres Leches.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,12/8/2011,143,429,18,12,12>I have this friend I call Rudolpho.  It's not his real name, of course, although it really should be.Rudolpho and I have alot in common.We're both redheads.We both have a deep appreciation for Harry Potter and zombie movies.We're both bluntly honest and sarcastic.We both tell a good dead baby joke.We both enjoy making people named Alyssa cry.Overall, we're both kind of horribly awesome people.  Emphasis on the horrible.Rudolpho is basically the male version of me, except he's Jewish and Spanish.  I find it hard to wrap my head around that one, but according to Rudolpho, if you come out of a Jewish coslopus you are Jewish for life, even if your dad is a huge Spaniard.  A redheaded Jewish Spaniard is almost as cool as the anomaly known as Korean tacos. Almost.These tacos are stand-alone, need no nickname cool.  A friend and I split an order of two of the Korean BBQ short rib tacos the other night and after devouring my solitary taco I quickly wished that I hadn't split the order with her.  How could i have been so shortsighted?There's something about BBQ'd short ribs that just makes me happy.  When you combine it with fresh crunchy bean sprouts, onions, cabbage and cilantro, and pile it in a fresh flour tortilla with a squeeze of lime, it becomes something truly unique; kind of like a redheaded Jewish Spaniard.Koi Fusion, I don't know whether your mama was Korean or Mexican but I dig the outcome.  Keep making those phenominal tacos and I'll keep visiting.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,12/7/2011,276,315,12,16,14>Nothing says yummy like a masterfully made espresso in my tummy.  And the smartly attired chaps and dames at Sterling Coffee Roasters do such a wonderful job on that end.The baristas are not your typical push-the-button and make steaming noises uber-chirpy ones in green aprons or the smarmy, unsociable I'm-better-than-you-because-I-know-how-to-make-a-­leaf-pattern-with-foam variety.  The service at Sterling continues to be first class where the baristas-- nay, coffee bean master wielders-- actually look you in the eyes and relate to you as if you're the most important person to them that day.  Sure, because of this very personal service you sometimes may go up against a queue, but you're surrounded by other coffee lovers bearing great dispositions-- borne from such a friendly environment-- that you actually don't mind. Heck, you might even find yourself enjoying their company, too.The kiosk is simple and clean. There's no mistaking what they create there; a spartan chalkboard proudly announces a diminutive menu. One day, I'll perhaps allow myself the pleasure of a macaroon.And the fact that they're a mere four-block walk from home elevates them to oasis status. They've truly become quite a precious commodity in my neighborhood.  With a name like Sterling, no one really had a doubt.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2011,12/6/2011,58,75,16,17,11>Jesus came back from the dead in three days; my Civic was resurrected after THREE YEARS of neglect. It was so, so bad I was sorely tempted to throw a molotov cocktail through the window and fraudulently file an insurance claim. One thing led to another...and next thing I knew, I had not only given up on my poor 2006 Civic, I couldn't even begin to contemplate how to make it better. Three years it sat neglected, growing more and more repulsive, the Pug hair piling up, the french fries old enough to vote.With so many great reviews here and on citysearch (and so many bad reviews of other places) I decided to give the shop a shot. Really. My Civic couldn't possibly get any worse, right? So, I brought the car in for a two day overhaul. Day two I called the shop to ask if it would be ready, and then asked, "So, was it as bad as I told you?" and they said, "YES!" And I couldn't help but laugh. I cannot believe there are people in the world willing to clean cars like mine, regardless of the paycheck involved. They probably weighed the pros and cons of a shop incident wherein my vehicle were totaled so I'd have to replace it. I am almost ashamed to admit just how...vile...it was. I think the change in my change cup holder had recently formed its own Congress and military. But I got to the shop...and I cannot BELIEVE it's my car. I mean, I know it is - but my 2006 Civic with 107k miles? Looks like the day I bought it. Sure, there are signs it's used, like the scratches around my ignition, wear on the pedals, but the work that was done to make that car clean can only be compared to a miracle. They even somehow found things I thought were lost last decade 3,000 miles away in NH. These guys are GREAT. The car will be back. And I promise them (and myself) it will never, ever look like that again. It's like having a new car! THANK YOU!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,12/5/2011,222,561,9,11,11>What up, five stars?Is it just me, or am I feeling the Portland love in here?In short, this place rocks. And hopefully it's not just me.Savoy has a happy hour that is not to be reckoned with. $4 wells or house wines, and $5 cocktail-o-day (when I went, it just happened to be a fragrant jasmine-gin concoction, aptly named the Gin Blossom, which was bright and lovely), in addition to a crazy-delicious menu sold me pretty much immediately.The burgers (both vegetarian and carnivorous versions) looked incredibly delightful, and I was rather pleased with my rich and creamy mac-n-chee.The scene-stealer, though? Definitely the fried cheese curds. See, traditionally, these little suckers would be the squeaky cheese. Mild and noisy! But when they're breaded and deep-fried, it's something of cheesy heaven. Melty and mild and delicious...it's upscale mozzarella sticks, minus the mozzarella. Salty, crunchy, yummy, served up in a frites cone. Holla!Oh, and did I mention that apparently the entire staff could be moonlighting as Abercrombie models (Anna B. 2011)? They were nice, too.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,12/4/2011,213,358,10,10,10>I Love Breakfast and this place is where all good things Breakfast had begun! It's the original Original Pancake House! Yes Sir, it is the first in a long chain of delicious breakfast restaurants I have been going to since I was a child. You see after Portland Oregon, they went... I don't actually know the story but I'm sure it can be easily researched on the inter-tubes and I'm betting it is a nice & wholesome story at that too. However for the purpose of my story their history matters not, but what does matter is that they have spawned The Original Pancake House in Chicago long ago where I first experienced delicious breakfast-ness! Along the evolutionary lines they also expanded in the South and in my second home, Atlanta Georgia, I was still eating delicious breakfast-ness like I had at my first home. I have however grown up and realized that not all chains are equal in quality and service. I Loved the Hyde Park location in Chicago but I loathed the OPH on LaVista @ Cheshire Bridge in Atlanta! I used to live a block away from that locale and I would avoid it like the plague because it sucked! They would serve terrible syrup just so you would be forced into buying their miniature bottle of Maple Syrup for $2.50. But that was Atlanta and this is Portland, where it all began so I digress. Portland has only one location and it is the original where it all began! Everything is repeatably perfect like in a scientific experiment or more appropriately they are like a museum of American Breakfast. However, I digress, the one star ding is for ridiculous pricing. Yes people complain about the wait here, but there is only ONE! The nearest other location is in Salem, and they have TWO locations, wtf indeed? No seriously though, the food is spectacular, the service stupendous, but the price is just ridiculous. Point in case I once went there and in order to get exactly what I wanted which could only come ala carte and it ended up coming to $22 with tip and that is just unacceptable for breakfast. Come for the museum-like experience of a fantastic breakfast but also expect to pay museum entrance fee prices as well.Enjoy!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,12/3/2011,457,244,33,11,19>My Grandma kicked ass. She had ringside season tickets to Portland Wrestling when Playboy Buddy Rose, Jimmy Super Fly and Rowdy Roddy Piper graced the ring.  She knew the moves, knew the players and certainly knew how to have a good time.  I think she may have also had a crush on Sandy Barr.She was the first to let me drink coffee with my breakfast (although it was more cream and sugar than coffee) and the first adult that let me imbibe in a lil' nightcap before bed (although it was more cream and cola than Kahlua).  It is fair to say that my Grandma spoiled the ever loving crap out of me.She baked lemon meringue pies for just for me, and spent a good percentage of her fixed income on Star Wars figures, Transformers and GI Joes.  The blanket she made for me over 20 years ago has stood the test of time and still provides comfort and warmth on those cold and sometimes lonely nights.  And while it has seen its fair share of ass over the years, I forbid it from ever making a round on the guest bed as I don't want it defiled by the flatulence of the frequently visiting Mr. Bob Bobalina (father in-law Bob).  But  beyond the spoiling, more importantly she took care of me and she loved me.  And when cancer was savagely taking its fateful toll on my Mom, her daughter, she watched over me and made sure I was ok. During our frequent afternoons and weekends together, she also instilled in me a love for game shows.  Match Game, Card Sharks, Press Your Luck, The Price is Right, Tick-Tac-Dough and the $20,000 Pyramid were boob tube favorites.  Gene Rayburn, Fannie Flag, Charles Nelson Reilly, Wink Martindale, Bert Convy, Bob Barker and Richard Dawson were more than just TV personalities; they were daily acquaintances warmly welcomed into her living room.  So in honor of Grandma, my review of Bailey's Taproom will be written in the form of the Winner's Circle repartee from the $20,000 Pyramid.  Soupy Sales will be my celebrity partner; he just barely beats out Nipsey Russell for the honor.Soupy: "Hooker Taints... Debauchery..."Me: "Things you will find in my Yelp reviews"Soupy: "Correct - NEXT! Coffee mugs...picture frames, artwork, crafts..."Me: "Things you put a bird on"Soupy: "CORRECT - Next.  Restraint...Pacing"Me: "Techniques I use in the bedroom"Soupy:  "Moderation..."Me: "Oh, traits I'm trying to introduce into my life"Soupy "YES! Next...um, beer"Me: "Reasons why I'm 15 pounds overweight"Soupy "Imperial IPA's, IPA's, Seasonals, Porters, Lagers, Ales, Belgians, Stouts, Barleywines, Cask Conditioned, Nitro's..."Me: "The eclectic tap selection at Bailey's Taproom"Soupy: "That's right!  Comfortable, friendly, knowledgeable, selection, enthusiastic, location, patrons..."Me: "Things that make the ambiance of Baily's perfect for the serious beer drinker"Soupy:  "YES! One more...beer, beer, beer, beer..."Me: "Bailey's Tap Room"Soupy:  "Yes! Yes! Yes!"And with that final answer, we both jump out of our seat, jumping for joy as we have conquered the $20,000 Pyramid.  Soupy and I embrace, Dick Clark congratulates us on our win and I manage to feel up one of the Lander sisters while Jack Clark takes us to commercial.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,8/4/2009,152,351,20,19,18>You seem to understand the way I am,Liebherr.A pickle is a pickle, not a lamb.Liebherr.You'll never put the vinegar with the jam,Liebherr.So I eat...What I want...When I'm through...Then I clean you.The staff were a touch bewildered by the wide-eyed body slam I planted on my love, the Liebherr CS1301 refrigerator, or the yodels of affection I released in the espresso bar display area, but I credit them with knowing the difference between someone who wants to look around unbothered, and those customers who need their hands held.Top-notch appliances in several useful vignettes help the design-challenged really see how things look in real life scenarios -- okay, maybe not in *my* real life would I have an 400 sq ft kitchen area devoted entirely to making coffee, but I dream big then whittle down.If you're in the market for appliances, Basco is worth a peek, if only to dream and sing.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,8/3/2009,53,263,15,21,22>I like to indulge my inner child sometimes.  Who am I kidding??  OK, it's more like my outer child that takes over the laptop & writes reviews for me but that's beside the point.  Really.  So anyhoo, checked out the Film Musik & the Superman Orchestra's performance of 7 new orchestral scores by 7 up & coming composers set to 1940's Superman cartoons last fall.  Yes, I know it's 2009 now but I'm not exactly linear, you know?  Back in the day, going to the movies was a spectacle, a way to connect with the greater world & run into friends & neighbors.  I got a sense of the pageantry while sitting in this aging theater listening to people around us reconnect with their friends & family, awaiting the big event.  Having the live orchestra & voice actors gave you a sense of what life used to be like before television, the family sitting together around the radio listening to their "stories" with a shared reality.When you go under the lighted marquee, past the gently arching ceilings in the lobby & into your shabby red mohair seats you can't help think of Norma Desmond in Sunset Boulevard saying, "All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up."  There's a sense of prior grandeur in the setting of gentle decay.  A proud, grand old dame with her pulse on the independent arts scene nurturing new talent through the works of Film Action Oregon while trying to oppose the insidious onslaught of mass market movies & multiplexes (or as I like to call them movie-in-a-closet).  Sure, there's a market out there for Princess Diaries 12: The Genovian Revolution, but for those of us seeking thoughtful documentaries or an innovative homage to the classics I guess we know where to go.  Psst, don't forget about Oscar Night 2009, tuxes optional but oh so fun.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,8/2/2009,426,1757,15,24,18>Disclaimer:  I am not a bird person.This doesn't mean I don't enjoy or appreciate birds... I just don't know what I'm looking at most of the time.  But one of my friends regularly volunteers at The Audubon Society and when it was time to get my charity on last year, I decided to become a member.Most places give you a thank you letter followed by tons of junk mail requesting more money.  The Audubon Society invited me to a New Member Reception to introduce me to their services and "Meet the Raptors."  Take note, Mercy Corps!  For the cost of some cheese and crackers, they've probably secured a lifetime donor.My focus this year is to find local businesses where people are passionate about their product and services and the staff at Audubon Society (mostly volunteers) blew me away.  So does their mission to "promote the understanding, enjoyment, and protection of native birds, other wildlife and their habitats."  Donations are used to secure greenspace in the metro area and beyond, including the Oaks Bottom Wildlife Refuge and the 150-acre nature sanctuary nestled in Forest Park.  They also installed a new furnace at Chapman Elementary School so the chimney is safe for the annual migration of Swifts (audubonportland.org/loca).  The wildlife care center treats over 3,000 animals a year and some birds that cannot be released back into the wild become education birds used in programs offered at the center and in local schools.So while I still can't tell a finch from a falcon (OK, I'm not quite that bad), I have a greater appreciation that a thriving bird population is indicative of a healthy environment.  And the next time I bike along the Springwater Corridor, I will say a thank you to my new feathered friends.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,8/1/2009,148,236,17,18,18>For months, my wife and I have waited for word on when Ping would finally open. We are big fans of Pok Pok, and we couldn't wait to see what Andy Ricker had in store for us with his new Chinese influenced endeavour. Last night, as we were climbing into bed, my wife got an email from the Ping website (yep, we registered) telling us that they'd be opening their doors today at 4pm. Huzzah! Wait... We've already got dinner plans. Well, there was only one solution to this problem: eat two dinners! Yaaayy! We pulled up to Ping at 8pm, expecting a gigantic crowd of eager diners. Thankfully, this was a pretty soft open, so we got seated immediately. Once we had our butts in our seats, we had a few minutes to take in the atmosphere.  The verdict? The interior of Ping is pretty neato. High ceilings, pots and pans, old radios, and random Chinese kitsch. The seating is mostly tables with a few booths in the corners and a long bar along the cooking area. The menu? Very promising. We partook of the fish ball skewers and the Chang Mai sausage. The fish balls were just the right balance of spicy and sweet, and the sausage was kick-ass. I didn't realize you could get away with lemongrass in a sausage, but apparently you can. Our dining neighbors had the pork bun and the baby octopus skewers, and both looked incredible. The cocktail list here is just as varied as the food menu. The wife had a Tamarindo, a tequila based cocktail that was so good I regretted ordering a beer. I'm already looking forward to delving extensively into the cocktail selection on my next visit. When it came time for the check, our server brought a handheld credit card machine to the table, and processed that bad boy right where she stood. I know they've been doing this in Europe for years, but this is the first time I've seen this here in Portland. Crazy kids and their newfangled toys. Given the stature of Pok-Pok, I'm pretty sure that Ping will make its mark on the dining scene in PDX. What I'm most interested to see is how it affects the Chinatown neighborhood. If Ping is remotely as popular as its big brother, things could get interesting. They don't take reservations, and there's no room for waiting diners inside. I can imagine a summertime scene involving late evening diners and Old Town panhandlers that doesn't end well. Let's hope some of the adjacent bars get wise and work out a deal with Ping to keep waiting guests buzzed and happy. To say the least, we were impressed. The great service and innovative dishes will definitely bring us back to Ping. Now we just need the Hung Far Low sign to regain its rightful place in the neighborhood skyline. No place is complete without a thinly veiled dick joke, and Ping is no exception.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,7/31/2009,56,95,9,6,8>Wow, they have actually managed to make food better than sex. I think a round of applause is in order. I went on a lady date here last night, and although I knew this place was supposed to be good, I was skeptical. We ordered a plethora of tapas. A few of my favorites were oh so amazing leeks(I had no idea leeks could taste so good), the roasted butternut squash with sheep's  milk cheese (a must order!) and the sole (which was a large portion and super yummy). We finished off our meal with a boozy, drinkable dessert. All  the coffee drinks were great and I don't believe you could go wrong with any of them. So thank you Toro Bravo for the foodgasm. I need a cigarette.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,7/30/2009,74,37,12,10,9>I nearly squealed with delight when the lady here finally gave me a look of actual recognition. One of the relationships I mourn most in my move from ATX to PDX is the close bond I had formed with the good folks at my local taqueria. The number of times they nursed me through a bad hangover or helped me fulfill a craving for spicy beany cheesiness is innumerable. Whatever I needed, they just knew... While nothing can replace the real tex mex I had near constant access to, Ole Ole does manage to provide some comfort for the void in my life left by leaving the South. One word:Enchiladas. Enchiladas Suisas to be exact. Boy, do they do these suckers up right. Corn tortillas, overflowing with melted cheese, and smothered in a delicious verde sauce. They pile the plate up with as much rice and beans as they can, top it off with a little pico de gallo, lettuce, and sour cream and bring it out piping hot. Might I suggest mixing up your rice, beans, and salad-y things into a delicous, smothered, and unrecgonizable mush? Looks gross, tastes AMAZING. The beau and I refer to it as "future food." Wash that down with an agua fresca, specifically a horcata. It's like the milk left at the bottom of your cinnamon toast crunch, but served on ice. Uh-huh, dreams can come true.Bring your dolla bills, y'all...but they also have this odd little voucher machine that can confuse your hungover brain with all the button pressing required.The decor is sparse! The bathroom is icky! It's uber cheap! There's lengua on the menu! Wait, is that latino music coming from the kitchen?? Aw, Portland, it's like you've almost got a real taqueria. Am I being condescending? Naw...just homesick. I thank my lucky (Texan) stars for Ole Ole.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,7/29/2009,59,136,9,10,8>If there is a heaven, I would like to think that the pillows in the beds are made of Mama Mia's gnocchi. Because it is DELICIOUS.This almost-hole-in-the-wall Italian restaurant tucked away downtown is casual and delicious and arguably your best downtown Italian food option. I've never had to wait in any kind of line, and the service is always prompt. The food is delicious. Did I mention the gnocchi? I don't think I mentioned the gnocchi. My mouth is watering just writing about it. Like with all good gnocchi, as soon as I bite into Mama Mia's, I wonder how the hell they got a potato to be so tender and delicious.So good. So, so good. Only, strangely, when I took a friend here for his birthday last year and the waiter overheard me mention that we were celebrating a birthday, he brought out a dessert... and then charged us for it, which I thought was weird since we never actually ORDERED the thing, just had it brought to us. But it's not a huge deal; just sort of out of the ordinary but now makes for a hilarious story.The food here is DELICIOUS. Please, for the love of all things holy, skip that dreaded Macaroni Grill place (seriously, who in the history of time has EVER grilled macaroni??) and walk the extra five blocks to Mama Mia. You owe it to your taste buds.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2009,7/28/2009,70,87,7,12,10>"This is bloody good. I would definitely give this five stars," said my wife. As usual, she is correct. Too bad she doesn't Yelp (yet). But being that this is my review, I will give out the bloody stars in this house. This cart is amazing and as much as I would like to drop a star since my wife said it first, I must go ahead and give it full props. I am not mad for meatball subs in general. It is a sandwich which I normally would not order when I see it on a menu. Having Bunk's phenomenal meatball sandwich a few weeks ago, however, has made me crave them ever since and I went straight for it at Garden State. I am glad I did. While each consists of meatballs, marinara, mozzarella, and bread, and both are outstanding, they are different enough in flavor and texture that I cannot and will not compare them. So let's just talk about Garden State's meatball hero. The beef they use is masterfully prepared. I just don't understand how they could achieve the tenderness that they do with these things. Somehow they get it soft and smooth, making it effortless to chew. No toughness present. The term "melts in your mouth" comes to mind, but that sounds kind of gross when talking about meatballs.   M&M's, yes. Beef, no. So the texture is wonderful, but the flavor is ridiculously good. The meatballs have such a well seasoned taste I could probably eat them without marinara sauce. But then I would miss out on that herb-laced, sweet, and salty sauce, of which they use plenty. They drench it with so much sauce, they almost go over the line of putting too much. In fact, it might be too much for some people. Not me. The more the better. As for cheese, it didn't seem like there was a ton of it, but just the right amount. The focus of this sandwich is the meat and sauce anyway. The cheese and bread are just compliments. The bread, by the way was great, but got pretty soggy with all that sauce. Not a bad thing, but just be careful eating this because it could easily land on your lap. My wife was kind enough to give me a considerable portion of her chicken sandwich. The generous piece of chicken breast was garnished with goat cheese, asparagus, lemon and honey. This sandwich tasted farm fresh. I'll know their secret as soon as I find a local farm that raises chickens and goats, grows asparagus, and has at least one lemon tree out front.  Each ingredient came through as distinct, yet merged together harmoniously. It had just a bit too much lemon in my opinion, but it wasn't out of control or anything. We also had to order 3 Arancine and an order of Cazilli. The saffron risotto balls (arancine) with vegetables and mozzarella are quite impressive. At a dollar a piece, they are a steal. I swear, three of these things at most restaurants would be at least $10.95. The Cazilli tasted like little bits of perfect rosemary mashed potatoes that just happen to be fried. That is to say, they are fantastic. This is one good looking cart too. Very clean and shiny. I was disappointed not to see the red 'Eat' sign that I had seen in pictures, but didn't ask either of the two friendly gentlemen that took the orders and cooked the food what happened to it. This is the freshest food that I have found at a cart and I look forward to trying their other unique creations (they seem to slightly change the menu weekly, but seem to keep some standards like the meatball hero).
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2008,7/27/2009,59,47,7,11,9>Normally I am against anything that can be dubbed as an "experience."  I used to do a lot of business in Minneapolis.  Clients would frequently want to dine at the Rain forest Cafe in the Mall of America.  Yes, I am serious.  Both are touted as "dining and shopping experiences."  I don't need those things to be an "experience."  Sometimes I just want to shop.  Sometimes I just want to eat.  But I digress.  You should go into Paley's Place thinking of it as an experience and I think this is an instance in which this is acceptable.  This is not a "let's go eat some food" kind of place.  Yes, it is spendy, for most of us.  I was given a gift certificate by a very generous friend this summer.  After my husband viewed the menu on the website and saw the "duck fat roasted potatoes," he asked in horror "Why would you do that to a potato?" and refused to go.  So my mom and I had our "Christmas" date when she was visiting.The waiter first brought out two shots of butternut squash soup with pomegranate juice.  It was excellent.  They have an extensive wine list, but few glasses available by the glass.  Now that the stigma of Roses have been lifted, I ordered a glass of Rose without shame and without feeling like I was ordering a glass of Sutter Home White Zin.  The mom had some kind of vodka Colins that was excellent and made with fresh lemon juice.We shared the scallop and pork belly appetizer.  Both were perfectly done, without any of that weird grittiness of scallops.  The bread was great, but not house made.  It comes from Ken's so you can't really argue with that.  Many of their entrees are available as half portions.  Since I planned to order dessert, I took advantage of this.  I had the fried clam which came with a squash puree and a Bearnaise sauce.  The clam was ginormous and perfectly cooked.  My mom had the roasted chicken, that frankly was a little overdone, but had excellent flavor.If you go here, please, please, please save room for dessert.  I had, quite possibly, the best creme brule ever.  It was creamy, but didn't taste fatty.  The top had the perfect "crack" to it (to the point that a piece got stuck in my throat causing that unpleasant "there's a Dorito stuck in my throat!" feeling.  Does this happen to anyone else?  But a sip of my mom's coffee melted it away).  The custard part was nice and cool.  My mom had the pistachio brittle house made ice cream.  Sooo good.  The chef politely refuses substitutions and I am okay with that.  Sometimes I just want someone to tell me what to do and to know how the food will be best.  It's not an Applebee's, people.  (I say this because the man at the next table was annoyed that he couldn't get spinach instead of something else with his entree).We were there for a long time.  About two and a half hours, but it didn't feel like it.  The atmosphere was warm and the service was excellent.  Our total bill was $87.00.  Not a price that the husband and I are likely to drop with our soon to have one of self-employed income, but with the gift certificate and the mom paying, it was well worth it.  For sure, a quality fine dining "experience."
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,7/25/2009,93,278,4,8,7>"Are you there yet?"  "Where is this place again?"  "What's it called?"My phone was ringing off the hook as I snagged some parking and aimed myself toward where I guessed Beaker and Flask was located.  No sign was visible but I guessed right and found myself in a relatively spare, newly remodeled space in a newly remodeled -- and still nondescript -- building on Sandy Blvd.Rather than tables and chairs, there are several c-shaped booths along the large windows, stools at the bar, and a few large barrels in the open space in between.  This works great once the place is SRO but in the quiet time between happy hour and the later evening it feels a bit... empty.  Since there are no tables to push together our group of 8 crammed into a booth made for 4 or 5.We ordered a few of the celebrated cocktails and a few delicious appetizers.  My particular favorite on the plate was fried sanddabs (a small flounder) on a delicious fava bean bed.  Oddly enough I enjoyed the food more than the beverages ( I honestly did not expect that).We all gave major points to the presentation of the drinks, many served in unique estate-sale quality glasses of extreme coolness.  But my experience with the contents was hit-or-miss.One drink that sounded very intriguing on the menu was the Sal Paradise, described as rum served tiki-style.  But this is a more rarified and maybe historically accurate tiki style than what one might expect at, say, Thatch.  What we're talking about, essentially, is rum over crushed ice, with a spiced simple syrup.  Now, my relationship with rum borders on the adversarial, so I need a few tangy juices running interference for me to enjoy it fully.  This was a too much sugar/sugar for me.  I moved on.The House and House featured house-made gin with house-made tonic and was almost nothing like a G&T you might get at any other bar.  It had hints of aromatic bitters but it was a flavorful and refreshing alternative at the end of the day.The Zanahorita is a tangy carrot-laced margarita and was almost universally enjoyed at our table.  The rum-laced Boston Massacre (related to a Manhattan but with no love for the Yankees) might have been the biggest hit all around in our crowded booth, served neat and strong, just the way we like 'em.  Downright revolutionary.  (The English assault on the once booming rum industry in Boston certainly fueled the early American revolution a lot more effectively than overpriced tea.)The Flask side of the menu - i.e., beer selection - was also unusual and nicely distributed across genres.  I had a Racer 5 IPA to wrap up the evening and the only other beer drinker at the table had an admirable saison, the source of which has escaped my feeble memory.Once the huge buzz settles down we plan to get back to B&F to see how the liquid/solid menu plays and have some real dinner.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2008,8/8/2008,34,27,6,4,6>I LOVE THIS PLACE!The mac and cheese is SOOOOO yummers! Either one!I also love that I can look for my perfect mate in the astrology books at the bar, while gazing longingly at the CUTE bartender!! What's your sign hotness?
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2008,8/7/2008,148,236,11,10,11>I like riding the train because it makes me feel two ways simultaneously:-Erudite and European-ishAND-Old timey and pioneeringSince I'm typing this on the train,  go ahead and imagine me in a beret with a handlebar mustache.  I promise, it's a very satisfying image.The PDX to SEA line (aka, Cascades) is an example of the best that Amtrak has to offer.  Three and a half hours gets you to the heart of Seattle without ever having to consider a car.  Even with Business Class tickets, I spent less than I would have on a rental car and gas.  You can't beat that.The bistro has typical snacks, and the ride itself is smooth and relatively scenic.  We had one little stop in Kent, WA on the way there for a quick mechaical inspection, but we still wound up being only 15 minutes late.My only beef is that King Street station in Seattle ain't exactly the Emerald City rolling out the welcome wagon. The place looks more like a holding pen for criminals than a proper train station.Well, whaddya know.  We're now pulling into PDX for an on-time arrival.  Our time here is up.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2008,8/6/2008,52,115,10,6,8>So what this place is a total clusterfuck, I'm usually so completely unaware (unalive) to even notice my surroundings when I actually wake up early to go for breakfast.  Throw in screaming babies, a pair of loud lesbians, what have you - as long as there are eggs scrambled with love juice, sandwiched in between an english muffin, drenched in veggie sausage gravy with habanero sauce on the side I am as golden as Flava Flav's grill.  The paradise iced tea is so off the chain I have now scavenged the internets looking for local shops that carry it.  I need me some more Texas tea y'all!!If I ever wake up before 11AM on a weekend morning again - there is a very huge possibility that you can find me at the Jamiliscious.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2008,8/4/2008,28,118,8,7,7>Welcome to the mothership soul people!  Can I get a Hallelujah people!Doris' Cafe has been around for nearly 20 years.  I can not believe I get a first review on this one!  They were the go to place for BBQ in NPo forever.  They moved location a couple of years ago. (Ever been to Russell Street BBQ?  Know how they got so famous? Location, Location - (definitely not the food or service IMHO) Doris' Cafe was in that location for 14years. )The "new" place is just a couple of blocks away. From the outside it definitely looks dive-y, but it is all about food for these people.  Inside I kind of get the feeling I am sitting in someones basement eating. Check out the crazy different collections of photos and art - crazy uncle's place?. Though again it is all about the food for these people.  Let's dig in!This place is a haven for meat lovers.  They have the great smoked ribs (beef and pork - my favorite) - sweet, slightly spicy sauce.  Rib tips - my friends always gets these. Wings that are battered and fried perfectly and the best "just good and simple" fried chicken in town (Johnny's Seasoning Salt is a guilty pleasure)Remember to save room for your sides - my favorite - hush puppies, and greens. My wife's - corn and okra & mac 'n cheese.I have never had a dessert from there - who has room for dessert after good BBQ. I usually just want someone to 'bring me a bucket'.  But they do bakes sweet potato pies and peach cobblers and look yummy!And did I mention the best part?  Portions are generous and prices are what they should big for good low down BBQ.We often call in and get it to go as well.Doris' says, "Beef it up, pork it down, but don't chicken out if you want the greatest BBQ in town."
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2008,8/3/2008,6,41,8,5,5>The Mad Greek has been one of my favorite occasional haunts for probably 25 years.  It used to be sort of unkempt, but it was fun to get yelled at by the owner. Me: I'd like the Mad Greek sandwich, but without olives.Him (loudly, with a heavy accent): NO!  If you order the Mad Greek, you get the Mad Greek.  If you want something else, order the Mad American.  You can have whatever you want on that one.And asking for a pound of jo-jo's or spuds or tater wedges was tantamount to asking for a beating.  They're Greek Fries!  Or else!So, the place is cleaner and friendlier now.  The former is a welcome change.  The latter, well...  and the food is still really good.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2008,8/2/2008,161,226,17,14,14>yes! yes yes yes.i finally figured out why i'd never been to the matador and that's because everyone's already been "coming here for years" or "practically lived there in 2002" or "have been drunk there sooo many times" that they're over it already.which i getbutit's a great bar.it's big and well-boothed and the drinks are cheap.it's the type of bar in which i'd like to post up and watch an afternoon turn into evening (through a select few windows that only allow a slight light trickle).it's the type of bar where i'd like to hang out with a few people i don't know very well and by the time we leave, i'll feel like they're my new best buds.it's the type of bar i'd like to make out in the photobooth.so, i guess that's why everyone's done this place a million times.i'm gonna make them come back.oh wait, it's on the west side? nuts.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,8/1/2008,426,1757,16,17,17>Serendipity is the effect by which one accidentally discovers something fortunate, especially while looking for something else entirely. I took Friday off work and the world (aka Portland) was my oyster.  I had my day all planned out.  Breakfast at Screen Door before a visit to the Portland Classical Chinese Garden.  So I'm cruising up E. Burnside thinking suckers!  I'm going to finally try Screen Door with no lines.  Working stiffs - hah!  Yep. Closed for breakfast during the week.  Noooo!  Where is a new place I can try on the eastside that I can find easily?  Hmmm, Tin Shed on Alberta.  I'd had a great breakfast at Helser's down the street just a couple weeks ago and it seems like many Yelpers have tried both restaurants and have a strong opinion about which place they prefer.  While I really enjoyed Helser's, Tin Shed was beyond amazing.  *Seated immediately (score!) on the covered patio.  Dogs everywhere and blankets to warm you if you get cold.*Ordered the Veggie Pesto scramble with Shed potato cakes, which is basically everything I love (roasted yam, zucchini, sweet onions and garlic in a pesto sauce) all swimming together in goodness.*Buttermilk biscuit with a pot of jam.  Take a heaping spoonful of jam and let it ooze onto your biscuit.  Oh, man!*Service - some of the best I've had in Portland.  My order was taken right away with friendly advice about different options and the food came out with lightning speed.  At Helser's and Fuller's, I liked what I ordered, but in both cases I brought home half of my meal to enjoy later.  Here I asked if I could get a half order but that wasn't an option.  Good thing because I devoured every morsel like a ravenous wolf.  So that is the difference between four and five stars.  Four stars = restraint.  I can enjoy the experience on an intellectual level and everything is pleasing.  Five stars = I will stab you with a fork if you get between me and my food.  Everything just comes together perfectly.Factor in the trendy/cool decor, the fact that it is dog friendly, you can eat outdoors even on a cool morning and the bathroom has floral graffiti and this is just about the perfect breakfast place for me.  Serendipity indeed!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2008,7/31/2008,265,215,7,16,12>I love Alu because it has:1. a great big revolving door2. flights of wine to sample. I tried the rose flight, based on my server's suggestion, and all three were divine.3. all male servers. all CUTE male servers. (at least the night I was there.) And they're all so friendly!4. good snacks (German-themed though? Really? Kind of odd. But totally delicious--the almonds were a salty and satisfying snack)5. Here's the kicker, here's where it would get 5 stars even if it were half as good:30% off the TOTAL BILL for service industry peeps. (WOW)For my wine-loving friend and I, that was about a glass or two of wine for free! Yeesh. Simply amazing.Great wine, great service, Amazing atmosphere, and then a discount on top of that.I'm in love.*swoon*
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/8/2008,7/30/2008,376,599,22,16,16>Who can take the sunrise? And smother it smoke?Cover it with beer stains and a video poker bloke?The Candy Store! The Candy Store can!Like Aunty Tyra says, this bar has "all the potential in. The. World." It's large. There's a reasonably sized area for live acts to do their thing. And they let just about any live act do their thing without booking in advance and even on a weekend night, which is great for the fledgling rock stars among us. The beer selection is just dandy.But in the end, there are dives and there are dank pits. The Candy Store leans too heavily in the second direction, but I hope it pulls itself up just a bit. Plus, its name makes me think of one of my favorite movies in the world, so I can't hate.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2008,7/29/2008,434,336,6,8,7>I've been to brunch here 4 or 5 times.  Darn good stuff.  The cats-head biscuit is the bomb (no, no cats were harmed).  Get here early if you want to try it because they run out.  It's a large open faced biscuit with spicy fried chicken breast, and gravy over the top.  Man, it's good.  So are their biscuits and gravy.  They have mushroom gravy, as well as sausage.  The mushroom is my fave.  My friends have also enjoyed the praline bacon, cheese grits, and bananas foster french toast.  Very good spicy bloody Marys.  I think the owner is from Louisiana, so they can cook some Cajun/southern food.  The wait is sometimes long, like close to an hour or so, so don't wait till you're famished to go.  This has become a regular on my gangs brunch rotation.  We were lucky enough to be seated next to the kitchen last time.  They had some cutie cooks!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,3/8/2009,33,15,3,6,4>Portland's Chinatown just got what promises to be an anchor restaurant with the opening of Ping, the newest endeavour of Pok Pok's Andy Richer.  There is something about an opening night, whether it's baseball, a hot new play, or a restaurant. You can see it in the seriousness and attentiveness, whether it's the chef/owner expediting, the line cook, or the front of the house. Fortunately, none of the opening night jitters  matters if the food is great, and Ping's is. Before diving into the pan Chinese menu, I ordered the Tamarindo cocktail, with Tamarind, tequila, citrus and soda, it really had a great fresh taste and, for my money, was much better than the too sweet (for me) Singapore Sling. The look and feel of the restaurant is a mix of hip Chinese, Pacific Northwest (note the long wood bar -- doug fir?), and somewhat puzzling old radio collection. All the utensils, pots and pans look fresh from the restaurant supply store. This is a well scrubbed, spanking new place with a budget i'm guessing most restaurant owners would die for in this economy. Okay, enough prelude, here's the food: baby octopus skewers (nice, spicy and tangy); kopitiam toast (twith an extraordinary egg/coconut jam -- my favorite bite of the night); Vietnamese short ribs (flavorful, fatty and what you'd expect); and naam phrik kha (steamed Oyster mushrooms with a chile paste --interesting, but I probably wouldn't order again). For dessert I had the duck egg in a sweet milk broth and a cup of kafae boraan, a chinese coffee drink sweetened with condensed milk. No misses and I particularly want to know where that egg/coconut jam comes from.One piece of advice: pay attention to balancing out the spicy and sweet. I should have picked either the coffee or the dessert, but not both, particularly on the heels of the Sing Sling. Order well and you'll be thinking about coming back to sample more of the menu.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,3/7/2009,56,185,5,6,5>I couldn't believe it when I realized the Milwaukie Location had not been reviewed! I've been eating here for years. The staff is always wonderful. Some of the same faces all these years, but it seems the new hires are always great too!  I've tried many of the different meats and dishes, but once you find your favorite, it's hard to order anything else. My favorite is the Brisket Po Boy Sandwich. I always order the basket of fries rather than the 2 sides, because the basket is enough fries for all of us! The meat is so tasty and tender. They trim the fat off nicely. I like having the buffet style fixin's to finish my sandwich preparing myself. Lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, onions, bowl of hot sauce mixed with mild sauce, bowl of ranch dressing to dip my fries in, and a cold bottle of beer pulled right out of the ice. Mmmmmm. This is heaven. Busters has been satisfying my cravings through pregnancies, menopause, divorces, singlhood and dating, fatness and thiness. It's always been there for me. I've used them to cater golf tournaments and company picnics.  They've never done me wrong. This place has survived many economic times. They are just plain GOOD!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2008,3/6/2009,123,492,7,5,4>Good Grief I hate waiting in line.  For anything.  Ever.  And yet, recently I have found myself in line at Por Que No on Hawthorne with some frequency.  Don't get me wrong, the waiting itself sucks, and if you're a Type A personality like me, you will find yourself getting incredibly agitated the closer you get to the register because "What if somebody takes that table? Or that one?  OMG or that one?  Will I get stuck eating at the table in full-blown sunshine?..."  Yeah, the brain kind of kicks into overdrive.  I understand they have meds for that these days...but I digress...So far my favorite food is the camerones tacos.  What a delicate blend of yummy flavors.  The pineapple on top is just perfect!  I also really enjoyed the tinga (I think it's pork).  Another great blend of flavors.  The chips and guac are a must, and the sangria is awesome.  So are the margaritas.  The *most important* thing to remember is that you *do not* have to go wait in line again if you want more drinkie-drinkie.  Your server can get another round, or you can go directly to the bar.  Phew.  Waiting in that line twice during one meal is a total buzz-kill.I love that they kept the old door to the upholstery store that used to be at their location, and they also kept the kitchy sign shape.  The building is still that great aqua blue color, and the interior looks like it was decorated via garage sale.  It's a totally laid-back place to eat (once you've done your stint in line).
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2009,3/5/2009,98,185,10,16,11>So, Valentines day was planned for me.. I didnt know what we were doing all day but I did plan my own surprise for the end of the night.After the day was said and done, I said I wanted to go to a bar and that I had one in mind in a hotel downtown. He said "sure!" and we headed there.When we arrived, valet was very nice and boy was he surprised when I said "yes, we are checking in" to the valet chick!I walked up to the counter and let them know who I was and they were like "Oh yes!" I had been going back and forth with them via e-mail for a couple of weeks and they replied quickly and answered all my questions.So, yes, I loved that all the front desk staff knew who I was, they honored all my wacky requests and put up with my freaking out about every detail.We got up to the room to find rose pedals all over the bed, music on and tea lights!! It was just beautiful. The Driftwood bar downstairs was a nice treat. It was dark and cozy in that super sexy I wish I was smoking a cigar way. The bartender was nice and made an excellent martini. After our bit at the bar, we went back up to the room and ordered a movie. The bed was cozy! and they have this button called "make it so" ...so we thought we would see what we could get! and they brought up a reading pillow (that I totally wanted to steal) and 2 forks (We had gotten our dinner to go...since he was expecting to go straight home)Other things on the "make it so" ...iPods with premade playlists....more pillow options...and I think just about anything you could want...In the morning, we relaxed in the room and took nice baths and then headed down to Gracies for brunch. The menu was basic but not over priced like I had been expecting. They had BOTTOMLESS MIMOSAS!! BOTTOM LESS MIM O SA!! hahaI was in love from that moment...hahaBut seriously, it was worth the cash (it was a bit more expensive than I should have spent..but I knew that) ..we had a wonderful time and the staff is amazing.Thank you Caitlin and Victoria! (I hope I spelled that right)
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/3/2009,3/4/2009,148,236,21,18,18>I'm so glad my wife doesn't work much on weekends anymore. It used to be that she worked every Saturday and Sunday. With her out of the house, my worst demons inevitably found a way to express themselves. I would go on long quests for the best donuts, hot dogs and burgers. In the process, I'm positive I put on at least ten pounds. For shame. Today, my lovely bride spent the afternoon on a victory lap at her old job, and the little devil on my left shoulder was dancing a jig of glee. It's time to look for a good burger!!!! Yaaaaaayyyyy! So, I checked the Yelp talk threads and found some positive reviews of the Hopworks Urban Brewery's burger. I was ecstatic. Not only is the beer good, but I can almost throw a stone and hit HUB (you see, not only am I prone to gluttony when my wife is away, I'm also excruciatingly lazy.) This joint has everything you have come to expect from a Portland Brewpub: open space, pretty waitstaff, good beer, and a lousy menu chocked-full of humdrum bar food. Thankfully, the burger was prominently featured on the menu, and my little shoulder-devil had steered me to that barstool with one mission: to order a burger and fries. The good news is, the burger was all right! The presentation is a little weak, but the finished product was rock solid. Sadly, the wedge-style fries were nothing short of meh. All in all, I'm underwhelmed. HUB's beers are totally awesome, but they're better enjoyed in one of our fine city's more atmospheric watering holes. If you're going for the food, I'm questioning your motives. Perhaps you have a little bastard on your shoulder, too? Oh shit... my wife's home. Do me a favor and pretend we never had this conversation.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,3/3/2009,83,135,11,9,8>I really wanted to go to "The Tonsorial Parlor" downtownyelp.com/biz/the-tonsoribut they were closed...and with no hours on the door, and having never gotten anyone to pick up the phone there...not to mention watching my hair go from a little wild to a wavy 'fro, I hadda pull the triggerOn to Rudy's.Ok, so - this isn't really a barbershop, is it?  I mean, they have barber chairs, but it's *trendy*  I'm looking for an embittered hair veteran with a gruff demeanor and a straight razor to my throat, and what I got was I man who was prettier than the last 2 girls I went out with.(...and if you follow my reviews, you know that I was really looking for the straight razor treatment). the cut itself was not cheap either: $21+tip. And yeah, I'm a whiner for crying about it.  I know how expensive women's haircuts are. But still, if I wanted an 'experience' I would have gone to a salon.the wait was also annoyingly long.  I was "next' for 20 minutes.  Every time a barber finished, they went off duty?!  Maybe my bad for hitting a place up near 'shift change' or whatever.Still - the guy (barber?  stylist?) can cut hair, I'll give him that.  He needed minimal direction, great with scissors, and the cut looks decent.  Short without being obviously 'new haircut ' short.  3.5 stars...rounded to 4 because they ARE better than a 3 star shop.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,3/2/2009,66,85,9,10,11>ive never felt so special at a restaurant.  thanks to you yelpers who recommended this place for my fiance's birthday, we had a wonderful night.the chef called me to confirm our reservations and inquired about any allergies.  i was reluctant to say "gluten intolerance" in fear of getting a giant laugh for even thinking of eating italian food, but i did and to my surprise, he told me it was no problem.  he said they mill their own quinoa!  he also mentioned that it was no problem and to ask anytime in the future but to give them a day or two notice so they can prepare.WAIT!!!  for those of you who dont know what quinoa is: a super healthy gluten-free grain from south america that can be ground into a flour.  tastes awesome and the texture is far more similar to real flour than corn or rice.i digress!i was expecting to show up and remind them of the gluten issue, but they confirmed it with me and told me that that chef had prepared a gluten free gnocchi with lobster butter.omgthis followed the amazing gluten free calamari and a delicious beet salad. my fiance had ravioli stuffed with ribs.  bold choice!  and let me say, if this chef goes on "chopped" he will win!everything tasted so fresh.  i felt that i had been eating stale food until then.  it was amazing!the place quickly filled up which made us grateful we made a reservation for a tuesday night.  the ambience was just gorgeous, so romatic. the service was excellent.   our server was attentive and more than competent, but not overbearing trying to fill our water glasses every time we take a sip.it was a wonderful experience, and i highly recommend this restaurant if youre looking for some innovative italian food, with outstanding service, romantic atmosphere and especially if youre gluten intolerant!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2009,3/1/2009,426,1757,20,17,20>When I dine out, I typically choose food that I don't prepare at home. And Mr. K grills a mean steak, so I rarely order it at a restaurant.  But, when you go to Ruth's Chris, you get the steak.This is a very traditional, expensive Portland spot.  Lighting so dim that you can't visually tell how your meat is cooked.  Almost all male staff, high backed booths with brick and dark wood.  The beef is USDA prime from the mid-West, so no fancy pants locally sourced song and dance here.Our appetizer, Veal Osso Buco Ravioli, was excellent.  My Petit Filet was perfect (don't tell Mr. K).  The sides are served family style, so our table shared the mashed potatoes (disappointing), creamed spinach (meh) and asparagus with hollandaise sauce (my favorite).You can't have steak without red wine and we wanted our out-of-town guest to have an Oregon  pinot noir.  It was surprisingly difficult to choose since the pricy wine list was filled with wines from out of state and country.  The server recommended the Patricia Green pinot and it was lovely.Location?  When you are walking around this part of town at night you get a little bit of 'street traffic' shall we say. For our entire meal, we had people loitering outside the window asking passerbys for change.  I'd like to think it was change.  Bet the restaurant is thrilled!Service was well above average and the entire staff was attentive, including the manager.  In fact, one of the busers was a little too attentive and although my group really enjoyed the conversation, I was concerned about his job security.  I got the impression that chatting with guests about anything other than the food just isn't done.  Since there were 'first timers' in our group we were given a nice little run down of the menu and how meats are prepared so you know how to order.  Steak is cooked on the rare side, so if you normally order medium, you should select medium-well here.  They sear the meat at 1800 degrees and serve it on a 500 degree plate, so look out!Would I return?  Sure.  Next time my aunt and uncle or Daddy Warbucks are in town.  But I'd rather take them to a place more uniquely Portland.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,2/28/2009,53,263,18,17,16>The thing about moving to a new town is that even after being here for half a year, we still feel like fishies out of water at times.  The novelty of exploring new watering holes doesn't exactly wear off, sifting through the varied layers of any city  provides for endless diversion but ultimately you still crave a cozy place that makes you feel like you've come home.  I'm not talking about the ol' family homestead with that crack in the plaster from the time you wiped out trying to take your boots off while wearing a tube skirt or the scorch mark in the linoleum from the infamous Sausage Accident of 1987.  I mean a place where you can come in from the cold, rest your weary soul at the counter & say, "I'd like the Crater Lake vodka espresso chocolatini," while leaning back into your stool & sighing contentedly.Luckily for us Michelle H steered us in the right direction.  And that's another great thing about this spot, it's an inviting little gem that you'd be tempted to keep to yourself but some places make you feel so upbeat that you want to share it with others & Lucy's Table falls in the latter category.  After experiencing the lip-smacking joy that is the tangy, fork tender, toothsome pomegranate baby back ribs for a whopping $4 (normally $8 outside of happy hour) I not only feel warm & fuzzy inside, I think other people should too.  The lush espresso chocolatini with a light froth of foam on top & creamy caramel notes is something that should not only be partaken of demurely but cried out on the nearby rooftops.  And while you may feel at home in the bar, don't think that the corn dogs are even remotely related to the sad impaled cylinders of your grade school days because that would be akin to calling Michelangelo an interior decorator.  Capt Hook's Peachapolitan was a lovely shell pink ambrosia with the right amount of tangy sweetness coupled with aromatic peach & was oh so smooth--3 of them magically slipped down his gullet!  Talk about $12 (total!) well spent.  The crispy chicken confit radicchio salad was fine but not the flavor-rich wonder of the ribs.  With 50% off items normally $6-8 & $4 HH cocktails, Lucy's Table is not just delectable, it's irresistible.As for the staff & ambiance, let's just say, "Now I get it.  This is why people live in this part of town!"  Our bartender not only has magical mixing hands but a wry witty humor.  The locale is very intimate with muted subdued tones that add to your mellow mood.  The other patrons are obviously regulars because seriously, once you've partaken of this friendly, cozy place you'll be planning your next trip back before you've even left the counter.  Trust me.  I'm there already.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,2/27/2009,16,7,8,13,11>This is my La Bonita VS. La Sirenita Review Next door neighbors, the two taquerias couldn't be any more different and yet I frequently find myself amidst great debates between friends when the decision has been made to "go get a burrito." I'll begin with the pros: La Bonita. Fresher, organic-er, tastier meats, more bountiful tacos, brighter, cleaner. La Sirenita. PICKLED CARROT and RADISH BAR, greasier (in a good hangover way), bacon breakfast burritos to blow your freaking mind, fish tacos. Cons: La Bonita. shitty pickled carrots you have to pay extra for, pricier, healthier (depending on the day, this could be a pro or a con). La Sirenita. Again, greasier, grislier meats, kinda dirty. I find myself at La Bonita when alone and craving tacos and at La Sirenita when seeking hangover food or requiring spicy pickled carrots (which happens kind of a lot). Its a mood thing.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,8/7/2012,207,465,9,9,8>My boyfriend ate the crust. Let me repeat. My boyfriend...ate...the crust. Important to note because said boy has left so much pizza crust in his wake that ducks cry. Geese make noise. I eyeball him in annoyance because it seems like a damn waste. But here, he ate most of his crust. Minus the bits I stole. This is that good of a pizza. When some friends told us to meet them here, we didn't know it was a "cart" (I use the term loosely because it's more brick 'n' mortar but hidden from the main street). I only point that out because if you don't know what it is, finding it is tough! We - for the first time ever - beat everyone else so bought a beer and settled to wait. Our group shows up and we ordered four pizzas - the Sausage y Fromage, Pepperoni (zzzz), a special that escapes me now and the Rico Suave. All were good - even the pepperoni and I'm pretty indifferent about pepperoni pizza but theirs was good. By far my favorite was the Rico Suave, delicious, thin crust and perfectly cooked. I could've eaten one all by myself. This is a good pizza. As proved by the lack of leftover anything, much less crust!
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,8/6/2012,426,1757,14,18,13>Please don't take my sunshine away...This is my plea to the owner of Pacific Pie Company.Although I first experienced their Australian savory pies several years ago at their prior location, where I truly fell in love with the PPC experience was at the Milwaukie Farmers Market last summer. Almost every Sunday for months, I experienced a magnetic pull to the market where PPC served hot pies to eat at the market and frozen pies to take home. The ladies that worked the booth were lovely and it was one of the highlights of my weekend.My family has definitely worked its way through the menu. Since both my husband and I periodically take meat breaks (oddly never at the same time), we've definitely enjoyed the hearty lamb, beef and chicken pies, but are equally impressed with the richness and spiciness of their vegetarian pasties, including Moroccan Chickpea and Curried Samosa. For awhile there I was slightly obsessed with the Sunday Roast Lamb. In part because each pie is topped with its own unique crust topper and the little lamb is almost painfully cute.The gap in my experience is their Sweets Menu. I've never eaten a dessert here, which is pretty funny when you think about it. The category for this business listing is 'locked' and only mentions desserts. That is completely selling this business short, since my experience has been that this is savory entree heaven!Once the farmers market closed for the season, I started visiting their expanded location in downtown Portland. They have almost their entire menu packaged and ready to go in the freezer, or you can eat a fresh pie or pastie on-site. They even have a Happy Hour.Now on to the shameless begging...On my last visit, I was chatting with the owner and told her how much I was looking forward to seeing them at the market again this summer. She told me that they were still trying to decide whether or not to be a vendor this year because sales (for many of the vendors) were a little slow last season. With my purchase of 3-4 pies a week, I was probably their #1 customer, but I can only do so much! So I'd love to see them make the trip down to Milwaukie for my convenience, but you know what, driving to Portland for their wares isn't much of a hardship. Pie, ftw!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,8/4/2012,20,59,6,18,11>Do we really need another Salt & Straw review? No.Are you going to get one from me? Yes, because my opinion matters, dangit."THE HYPE" - First of all folks, it's ice cream. I don't quite understand some of the disappointed reviewers here, claiming they came because of the hype and then discovered it was "just" ice cream. It's as if they mark the shop down because the line is long, or people talk it up."THE QUALITY" I can't think of a single better place to get ice cream in town. Heck, this is right up there with the best ice cream I've ever had (in Boston, MA - ice cream capitol of the world). If you honestly can't tell the difference between this and what you get at the grocery store, I'd say that has less to do with Salt & Straw and more to do with you.The ice cream here isn't just sugar-ized dairy. It's rich, creamy, and every ingredient is top quality; ever recipe balanced carefully. The rainbow sorbet is made with skittles that have been individually separated, crushed, and mixed. The Rhubarb pie is made with real pie (homemade with fresh, local, organic ingredients), crumbled and mixed into the homemade ice cream. The salted ice creams use the finest salts available (ask them about it, the obsessive attention to every detail is reminiscent of an episode of Portlandia). And of course, the actual base ice cream itself has been given incredible attention - this isn't mass produced ice cream, each batch is hand prepared, and you can taste the difference."THE PRICE" You can pay $3.50 for a "split single" which gives you 2 flavors and more ice cream than many shops give you when you order a double. I'm 200lbs, and the one time I got a "split double" I thought I was going to explode. So sure, if you get a homemade waffle cone, a topping, and multiple massive scoops of ice cream you're going to pay more. But the prices here are pretty much in line with any other ice cream shop, and for both the quality and quantity of ice cream here (this isn't frozen grocery store sugar that you're going to pick up at Winco) I never once have felt like I was overpaying. These guys are handmaking every waffle cone and batch of ice cream."THE SERVICE" Considering there is a never ending line pouring out the door to this place, the fact that I have always had great service is even more impressive. I've never felt rushed when sampling flavors, never been treated rudely, and have always been served and moved through the line at a pace that's respectful to the customers behind me. The staff here seems genuinely enthusiastic about their ice cream, as if they helped handmake it themselves - a distinct difference from other ice cream chains where you can tell the staff is full of high school kids that just want to go home."THE VIBE" This is going to be preference, but for what Salt & Straw is trying to do, they pull it off very well. I was immediately impressed by the decoration. It's an eclectic combination of vintage 20's and 50's, with a modern twist and oldies playing in the background. It's a little bit of everything, and the sum of the parts work well to create a distinct feel that's fun, modern and classic all at the same time. There's something about this place that just makes you feel good, and checking out on an iPad makes you wonder why every business in town doesn't sell off their old, antiquated registers and card readers."THE COMPETITION" Really, there's not much else out there that can compare. Scoop Handmade Ice Cream is a cart in North Portland that serves great ice cream, and Ruby Jewel in NE (and soon in SW) has more traditional flavors than Salt & Straw. But I would argue that Salt & Straw edges both out, and with their unique combination of classic flavors and original, creative flavors (Olive Oil, Sweet Wheat Ale, Bone Marrow, etc.) there is no other ice cream shop in town that delivers the same quality & originality.BOTTOM LINE: Salt & Straw is my top pick for Ice Cream in Portland, in every category.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,8/3/2012,93,221,2,7,4>Ice cream in Portland is tough business, competition is everywhere so to get anywhere you've gotta find a niche. Between Salt n Straw, Lovely's, Ruby Jewel, Cool Moon, Staccato Gelato, Fifty Licks, Pix, and Waffle Window's foray into ice cream, it seems like there isn't enough room in town for a new shop, but I could not have been more wrong. At first I thought that liquid nitrogen ice cream was just a high-priced gimmick but it CERTAINLY deserves a spot in town. Freezing the ice cream super fast prevents big ice crystals from forming so what you get is some of the creamiest, smoothest ice cream in town. Toppings are thoughtful, and not just your run of the mill. It's clear this place is trying to stand out and it's gonna work. Tried the 3D (deep, dark & delicious) Chocolate and the Cuban Coffee, both of which were good.  Toasted Almond & Cherry, probably the best on the menu right now but I've got more flavors to come back and try. Wish they had better signage. I had to drive by twice before I found them, but it was worth the loop around Williams/Vancouver. A little bit unfortunate that their ice creams aren't readily displayed, instead hidden in their steel refrigerator cases. If this is to keep the ice cream's texture, I understand, but there's something to be said about being able to see the flavors you're going to choose. Anyhow, this is a welcome addition to Williams and is certainly, along with Pix and Tasty n Sons, going to make it a hot spot.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,8/2/2012,66,169,13,30,13>I love this hike. No matter what my plans are for the weekend, I usually can squeeze in a quick hike up to Angel's Rest 4.6 miles round trip. It's a great way to get myself back into hiking shape. If I'm feeling particularly good, I may continue on past Angel's Rest and go to Devil's Rest for a 10.9 mile round trip hike. Angel's Rest isn't bad (depending on the shape you're in) but it does have a few steep climbs throughout. The top is very rewarding. If you plan on eating lunch up top, bring an extra layer. It's cooler and windy up there. Gear recommendations:1) Water. Bring it. Camelbak or bottled water... doesn't matter. I see a lot of people that might be from out of town who aren't prepared for this type of hike, and they look like they're dying. This isn't Multnomah Falls. It's not paved. This is a moderate for reals hike... dirt, mud, rocks, and a few steep climbs. You will get thirsty, so just bring the water.2) At least wear workout clothes. Honestly, you can wear whatever you want. I have seen young girls with friends wearing cute little skirts, their denim jackets, and their giant purses. It's doable but I don't see how that can be very practical/comfortable. You're in a for a workout... Really... There isn't a movie theater at the top, and no, there aren't any brooding teen vampires you have to look pretty for. I promise.3) Trekking poles aren't necessary for this hike but they are helpful, especially on the way down. If you've got bad knees, I would recommend them. You could always strap them to your pack just in case you need them. There are some loose rocks and sometimes the trail can get muddy and slippery so the poles can also give you a little more confidence in those situations.All in all, I love this hike. It's a great hike for anyone. Absolutely beautiful! Oh... No toilet at trailhead. It's about a mile up the street. Stop there first or at the TA coming from Portland. Guys don't usually have to worry about those things, but for my lady friends out there... empty your bladder before you climb because the trail is sometimes busy and there aren't many suitable pee spots. Happy hiking :-)
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,8/1/2012,109,677,31,19,26>Little known fact: Jay Z was actually mostly inspired by our very own 82nd Ave, not just NY, when he wrote "Empire State of Mind."  Turns out, this street's a concrete jungle where dreams are made, oh!  There's nothing you can't do!  Seriously, you can do pretty much anything at some point along the Avenue of Roses, the longest continual commercial strip in the state of Oregon.  It's often made fun of for sex worker activity, endless rows of used car lots, and very un-Portlandia groupings of chains like McDonald's, Wal-Mart, and the like.  You know, those places that for those of us who live mainly in a 2-mile bubble of close-in Portland Proper, are mostly ignored until a trek east to 82nd or north to Vancouver reminds us that, just like Santa Claus, they do exist.  "Welcome to the melting pot, corners where we're selling rock":  yelp.com/biz/fred-meyer- "Yellow Cab, Gypsy Cab, Dollar Cab, holler back": yelp.com/biz/yellow-cab- "I made the Yankee hat more famous than a Yankee can": yelp.com/biz/top-to-bott The Avenue passes through 11(!) Portland neighborhoods before dipping into Clackamas.  Look up the 82nd Ave business association site and you'll see the motto is Goodwill, Community, Prosperity.  Not usually the top three things that come to mind when talking about this 6.5 mile stretch of road (typically more like hookers, drugs, and "massage" parlors), but I like where they're going with that.  There's an annual parade, which is sanctioned as an official Rose Festival event.  The Avenue of Roses parade is a throwback to a time when that street really was lined with roses and single-occupancy homes.  Surprisingly, though, the parade's only been around for about 5 years, while the great street itself has been around since the 1910s."Labor Day [Rose Festival] Parade, rest in peace Bob Marley":  yelp.com/biz/82nd-avenue  "Mommy took a bus trip, now she got her bust out": trimet.org/schedules/r07 "Came here for school, graduated to the high life": pcc.edu/about/locations/  See where I'm going with this?  It's all there, just keep your eyes open next time you're cruising the Avenue, whether that be to buy a car, buy a hamburger, or to check into the Unicorn Inn for a night of filthy debauchery.  Fubonn, Lion's Eye, Tik Tok, Eastport Plaza, Clackamas Town Center, Ha VL, Agenda, Don Pedro, HK Cafe, Penzy's Spices... you name it, you can get it.  You can also get into a lot of trouble on this street, so be safe out there, dear reader.  "Good girls gone bad, city's filled with them":  imdb.com/title/tt0545883 These streets will make you feel brand new.    "Big lights will inspire you": yelp.com/biz/globe-lightLet's hear it for 82nd Ave, y'all.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/31/2012,47,232,14,11,12>Cure for the blues on a rainy, windy Saturday night: Reggie Deluxe.After dropping off the wife + friend at Keller on said Saturday evening, I realized with a quickness that I could use a sandwich from Pine State Biscuits.  I can tell you with certainty that 8pm on a Saturday evening is a *prime* time to visit Alberta PSB.  4 of the tables were occupied, and there was exactly nobody sitting directly at the counter when I walked in.  There was a relaxed, subdued vibe in there that I really appreciated, and of course this counters the chaotic breakfast and brunch crowds.So a Reggie Deluxe and an Arnold Palmer it was.  I'm not going to be able to describe this sandwich and provide any more insight than has already been given.  It's just... a whole bunch of "s" words:SavorySaltySweetSinfulSexy... yep, sexy.  I effectively made love to the Reggie Deluxe last Saturday evening.  It truly was an "event".  It was such a perfect cure to a typical soggy early spring Portland evening that I really don't know how else to describe it.Some people may think my next sentence is blasphemy, but now that I've recovered from bliss and been able to adjust my hindsight, I have an observation.  I'm not convinced that the addition of the egg (the "Deluxe" in Reggie Deluxe) does anything to seriously enhance the sandwich.  For ME, the stars of the show of the Reggie are, in order, the biscuit, the chicken, the gravy, the cheese and finally the bacon.  The first 3 ingredients are critical, while the rest is there in a supporting role.I find myself looking at the Mcisley or Chatfield and wonder if I can scrounge up the intestinal fortitude to cheat on my beloved Reggie.  Thus far, I have not been able to, and I'm okay with that.  Monogamy is perfectly acceptable with this sandwich, because it's that good.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,7/30/2012,109,570,6,7,8>if you want to watch some obscure soccer game, or really any soccer game during football season you will find it here. while other bars are surely playing nfl or college games this is a soccer bar and plays the other football you might have heard about.the inside is cozy and gets packed during the big timbers games. arrive early if you even want a chance at a seat. but on off times it is pretty nice. you can chose from table or bar seating and the tvs are arranged so you can watch from just about every seat. the menu is bosnian food, but you will find a couple familiar favorites like a burger, fries and hot dog. we tried the bosnian cevap and it was pretty good. different from what i thought it was going to be. i was expecting some gyro thing, but it was more like a big round sausage sandwich. i split the large with my boyfriend. i do wish it came with a side of fries, then it would be a good meal.beer here comes in pints or mugs. get the mug because its only 50 cents more and has 8oz more of beer. plus its cool to drink out of a mug.the service is really friendly and we felt very welcomed there. a great place to go for the game, or just to check out a new place. even if you dont like soccer you will enjoy this place.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,7/29/2012,160,387,4,10,8>Wow!  This is just one more wonderful cool thing that makes Portland so amazing and special! A friend of mine told me about the Pixie Project but since I am already currently slave to a Cat that does not believe in living with other creatures (unless they have two legs, two arms and a wallet with which to buy her things), I never before considered stopping by, but today I did, and I was really impressed.The location is home to two very cool animal organizations, Pixie Project and Virginia Woof Dog Daycare. The staff at both are solid individuals who care about what they are doing, they are knowledgeable and helpful. The products that are available for purchase are competitively priced and you can tell that they have the animals best interest in mind, both dogs and cats, when they choose what to carry. The people stopping by to pick up their pooches seemed really pleased and the staff knew specifics about the clientele.While I was there the staff of Pixie Project were meeting with a gal who has a dog that she can't provide a good home for since relocating and finding a new job. They were asking some really great questions and I have a feeling that they will do all they can to find a great home for the little cutie, ensuring that he has a good match.As an added bonus I tried on some Amy Sacks glass frames and found a pair I want to order as prescription sunglasses, the line supports the Pixie Project, super cool if you ask me!When I'm ready for a new companion I am definitely going to find him or her through the Pixie Project.  As an added bonus all the adoptable animals are spayed or neutered, vaccinated, and microchipped.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/28/2012,56,145,8,9,3>We learned about the Dog House a couple of weeks ago while making our maiden trip into Brix (how convenient, same owner...lol).  Found it on NE 122nd on a Saturday afternoon and made an initial scary discovery.....it's in the parking lot of the Fabric Depot!!!  Yikes!!!  The wife hightailed it to the fabric store and I wandered, dazed, in to the Dog House just knowing that our life savings was about to be spent next door.  My only hope was to drink fast and have the bar run my card before the wife got to the cash register....maybe I could get her four-shopping cart load purchase denied.While I fretted about whether the car would hold all the purchases, I sat towards the back of a fairly empty Dog House and enjoyed golf on TV while plowing through a Prime Rib French Dip and a couple of beers (see photo).  Assuming the use the same kitchen strategies as Brix, this will be a winner place.....sammich was awesome, clam chowder was above average.Josie, who was running the bar and floor most the time we were there, was attentive without being overbearing.  Once golf was over and I let my eyes focus on anything else, Josie was fun as hell and kept the now fullish bar patrons full of cocktails and whatever.  My wife re-appeared just as I was finishing the paperwork to sell a kidney to pay for our day, and to the surprise of everyone in the Dog House who had asked why I was crying, did NOT buy out the entire fabric store!!!!  Now I gotta tell that guy to get away from my kidney area with that knife!!The Dog House was clean and bright, and still has the "new wood" smell of the picnic tables.  They use a portion of the Brix menu items and cocktails, which you already know is delish.  Could be a regular stop when on that side of town.......
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,7/14/2013,222,197,6,5,4>My kid has discovered the world of Magic the Gathering.  So I am sure all of you parents with kids who have bitten by the Magic the Gathering bug understand when I say "It's all about the cards mom!"We constantly are looking for shops that sell Magic cards.  We happened upon Things From Another World -- my son loves this place. It was filled with geeky kids just like him who are into Magic!The clerks were friendly, straight forward, and helpful.  My kid got his magic fix for the week and everyone was happy:)Now if I could only understand the difference and importance between Plains walkers, red decks, blue decks, green decks, white decks, black decks, foil cards, and mythic cards, I'd be right as rain!Oh who am I fooling?  I have entered into the age of being "old" and not with it.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,7/13/2013,116,134,3,9,8>Brunch is my favorite meal of the day; I plan it out weeks in advance sometimes. Portland is such a great brunch city, that I find it difficult to go to all of my favorite brunch spots as often as I would like, especially on a limited budget. Simpatica is absolutely one of my favorites. I don't have to spend a grip of cash, the quality is second to none, and there's something on the menu for everyone, for carnivores like me, and sweets lovers like my girls. The space is somewhat confined, and like many Portland brunch spots, the wait can be prohibitive, but if you can get in and get seated, the meals are delicious. This morning, we split the 3 egg fritata, made with house-made pancetta, tomato braised fennel, mozzarella, and persillade, as well as the 18-hour smoked brisket, with house made barbecue sauce, buttermilk blue cheese mashers, celery seed slaw, and an easy egg. Both were absolutely delicious, and full of flavor. The biscuits were also flaky and delicious, with a house-made lemon curd and blueberry jam. I've just never had anything bad here, so I can't give this restaurant less than 5 stars, regardless of crowds, or seating or wait times. The service is outstanding, as well.By the way, the chicken and waffles? Way fucking better than Screen Door.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,7/12/2013,109,570,4,7,4>Hey everyone in line waiting for brunch next door, pssst.... there is way better brunch at radar and there is no wait. the food is good, the service is excellent and there is soccer on the tv. What more could you ask for?To start things of they have french press Ristretto for their coffee. A+. Their menu has typical and new breakfast offerings. My BF and I usually order one dish each and then another to share. The entrees are on the smaller size, so they won't bog you down for the rest of your day. I like to get the baked egg with a side of bacon. Last time we got the smoked fish and it was so tasty. I love that we can just have a real leisurely brunch, sip some coffee, eat some great food and catch a game. It feels fancy but its relaxed. I want to tell everyone about this spot, but at the same time I don't.  I know in a couple months this place is going to be packed.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/11/2013,219,318,6,12,10>You know, one of my favorite things about this place is the windows. There are lots of windows and they're literally everywhere. It's kind of nice to have that much light when you're having breakfast, especially in a city where there isn't, well... much light. They get an A+ on ambiance.Cheryl's is an expanse of space that is well designed and utilized. It's big and roomy. In the center is the ordering counter but off to one side you'll find the pastry and coffee bar. Yum. There's a wide selection of delectable sweets to satisfy any palate, even the most discerning type. The coffee gal almost conveyed a sense of guilt because I had to get up and get my own refill. Having someone refill your coffee cup in an order-at-the-counter establishment is a nice touch and it goes a long way in creating a better experience. In the cooler you'll find such oddities as marinated anchovies. Seriously. What are those for, anyway? Most people hate the little buggers but ya know, for those of us who don't, we can always find something interesting to do with them. The marinade lends itself to the fact that they might not be just for pizza anymore.Breakfast was right on. The eggs were a little better than over easy but no matter. When I was ordering, I opted for the home fries style potatoes but was immediately told I needed to try Cheryl's hash browns or I'd really be missing out. OK. I'll bite. The hash browns were rich and delicious and not your run-of-the-mill hash browns either. They were far more than just fried shredded potatoes. My only suggestion there would be to pull back on the salt just a bit. Otherwise they were excellent. Not something to be eaten everyday but rather something to be savored only on occasion. A very nice departure from traditional breakfast fare - something I'm always on the lookout for.Can Cheryl's stand up to the Bridgetown Breakfast Club? I think they can. Give Cheryl's a chance and try it out. I think you'll be pleased. If you go in on the weekend you'll even get table service.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,7/10/2013,20,96,3,11,8>This is a new Thai fusion place. I really enjoyed the food here. In my opinion, it is hard to find a place in Portland that makes a modern Thai food and yet has the right feeling that it could fit right in some upscale places in Bangkok. As a native Thai and Bangkokian, I can assure you Nudi is a great Thai fusion place. The server is super friendly. (I don't think the fact that I am Thai makes any differences because the server actually thought I was from Vietnam, not Thailand, until I spoke Thai while reading the menu that the server recognized I am actually Thai.) I am sure you can ask the server for the commendation for the foods that suit your appetite. The menu is changing seasonally (according to the server) so asking for special items might be a good idea to start.As an appetizer, I ordered "Khoa Tang Canapes" (rice cracker appetizer) as I haven't had it for a long time and this is the first Thai place in Portland that I saw it in the menu. The crackers and the toppings are perfect combination. I had Lak Sa as a main course and even though it is not actually Thai traditional noodle dish (Lak Sa is from Malaysia or Singapore), it turned out to be super delicious and I loved it. It was savory spicy. Lastly, I had Durian sticky rice as a dessert. Well, some people hate Durian because of its smell but I am fine with it. If you are fine with the smell, you will enjoy this super sweet and yummy dessert.All in all, I was a great experience for me. I definitely would come back and recommend my friends to visit the place.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,7/9/2013,130,511,6,15,7>Confession: I am a home decor/cute stationary/ jewelry junkie. This adorable new shop in Downtown Newberg offers a variety of products I desperately need. I am an avid shopper and have frequented similar stores all over the US, so it is with great confidence that I can say Pulp & Circumstance is one of the best. It is lovingly and beautifully curated by co owners and friends Jennifer & Ashley.I was doing business in the neighborhood and noticed they were finally open (I peeked in their window last week) and today is their grand opening. The store is located inside of a beautiful Victorian house that has been expertly transformed into about 1,000 sq feet of retail space. There are three major rooms that house a variety of items including but not limited to: fresh flowers, air plants, succulents, books, at least 100 (very cute, often letterpress) cards, stationary, baby gifts, jewelry, candy by the pound, jewelry, mirrors, art, etc. Best of all some of the wares are from local artists and businesses. Many of the items here I have never seem before, and I easily spent a hour familiarizing myself with my new go to place for gifts, small home decor items and cards.Does it sounds like the owners here are my very best friends? Well they are not (yet). Today was the first time I met these two remarkably charming and welcoming gals in my community. I am looking forward to future chats about the happenings in the Berg (we traded information about what other businesses are coming to town including a bakery and restaurant this summer).I picked up two mirrors, a postcard, a camping cookbook, a Father's Day card, a wedding card and a thank you card set. And I will likely be back tonight for their official grand opening party with my husband.Pretty please come shop here and support this brand new business which I suspect will quickly find great success and a loyal cult following.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,7/8/2013,949,916,17,24,22>Great mom and pop shop for Japanese food! Highly recommended from Melvin T. and Merilou T., I had to check this spot out since it was within my neighborhood!I came here for lunch on a lovely Friday afternoon with fellow Yelp buddy, Bryan I. It was a little after the rush hour grind, so their pre-made bento boxes were sold out. It wasn't an issue since we weren't in a rush to grab food.[devour]*GYOZA (yelp.com/biz_photos/teng) was light, fried decently and came with a soy sauce-ponzu-ish dipping sauce for 6 pieces. Wasn't too shabby.*SPICY GARLIC CHICKEN BENTO (yelp.com/biz_photos/teng) I had a taste of my friend's dish and the "spicy" level was kind of "mild". There was a hint of garlic, but in my opinion you can never have too much garlic! The chicken was cooked decently. No complaints here!*BEEF TERIYAKI BENTO (yelp.com/biz_photos/teng) was not too shabby either. You can tell this stuff is fresh! No complaints here either!PERKS:+ affordable prices! bentos ranged from $4-6 and came with rice and veggies+ great service! food made quickly + green tea (50 cents)+ CC's accepted (no minimum required)DIRTS:- limited parking on the street (some areas are 15 minutes)- limited seating (probably seats up to 15-20 people maxI must come back to try out their sushi and pork katsu that Melvin T. raves about!Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #73
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2013,7/7/2013,637,638,5,12,8>I overheard a lady next to me ask a staff person why the clock wasn't set and he responded definitively " I'll tell you why it's not set, because time doesn't matter at Grassa". After taking only a few bites, I couldn't agree more. I really out did myself and managed to try quite a few things on the menu. This rendered me in useless for the rest of the evening but in a completely sublime food coma. My favorite of  the night was the Strozzapreti which has smoked olives, capers, chilis, oven dried tomatoes, olive oil poached tuna. I also had the Gigli cacio e pepe smoked pork meat balls. The meat balls really stole the dish for me. I'm getting ahead of myself here, allow me to back up. I started with the Antipasti salad & the Fritto mist calamari. The Antipasti was one of the best I've had. I love that it was all shredded somewhat finely as it helps you to better enjoy all the flavors. The calamari was perfectly breaded such that you were not overwhelmed with the "fried" part. Instead you got a nice kick of lemon and were able to taste the fish. I was lucky enough to snag a seat at the counter so I could watch the magic happen. Hypnotized, I watched as they churned out fresh pasta - all kinds! I quick glance at the space and I made up my mind that this needed more locations, preferable one in NE so we could spend more time with one another. The space itself it sleek and modern with lots of windows and a nice open feel. On this particular evening they were playing Jay - Z, which only earns you points in my book. All together a great dining experience. Everyone has there go too. An autopiolet place they go for a certain types of food. Previously, Italian had gone unspoken for in my mind however I think I've found my delicious default.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,7/6/2013,90,588,5,8,7>This is a review by a vegetarianI like City State diner just fine but I don't know why there's a wait there for weekend lunch when there's perfectly good chocolate calories right next door.They sell manifold forms of liquid chocolate, drinking chocolate, hot cocoa,even some chocolates flavored with coffee,  etc.My poison was the 3oz classic drinking chocolate which is chocolate and cream for $3.25When the little mini-tumbler sized paper cup is presented it feels expensive but the darn thing is so rich that by the time I was 2/3rds through I was wondering if it would seem bourgeois to give the last sip of my fatty dessert drink to a homeless person.The hazelnut hedgehog confection was a little less successful at $3. More gritty than textured.There are reasonably priced $1-$1.25 shortbreads and cookies. Truffles and bon-bon type individuals chocolates are $2.25 each.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/5/2013,349,547,10,11,14>I'm not really cool enough for Portland, and I'm definitely not cool enough for White Owl, but when I walk in at happy hour and belly up to the bar for a vegan burger and a three dollar craft beer, everything is right with the world. In that moment, I am invincible, the coolest girl in the world.I don't even really know how to talk about WOSC's vegan burger, y'all. It's serious. Beets, walnuts, and wakame are blended together to make a super tasty, hearty burger. The whole thing is topped with vegan havarti cheese (cue angels singing), vegan miso mayo, and microgreens. At happy hour, a burger is five bucks, and comes with an ample side of shoestring fries with perfect sauce--a mix of veganaise, relish, mustard, and ketchup that truly earns its name. Even for nine bucks (no longer included on the five dollar happy hour deal), the burger isn't a bad deal. My sweetheart liked the bison burger, which has already been retired (it has been replaced by two beef burgers--a classic with bacon and cheese, and a southwestern with hatch chillies and fried onions), and the salmon burger. WOSC just had to go and make my life more difficult by adding a vegan mac and cheese patty to the happy hour menu. Let's just make sure we're on the same page: A breaded heap of mac and cheese. On a bun. With vegan mayo and lettuce. I can eat, but I'm still full a day later. One day I'm going to go for it and order a vegan beet burger topped with a mac and cheese patty. Then I will die.White Owl has a pretty serious list of craft beers, and three bucks for a pint is a hell of a deal. (I'll always dream of the good ole days where they were just two dollars when White Owl first opened. Get off my lawn, kids!) I'm partial to the Boneyard Hop Venom double IPA. At ten percent ABV, I can get good and tipsydrunk off of one beer. On my most recent visit, the CO2 was having some issues and they had to stop serving beer.  The cocktail list looks killer, too, with an emphasis on Distillery Row spirits and fresh-squeezed juices. On my next visit, you best believe I'll be slaying $3.50 happy hour greyhounds with fresh grapefruit juice.Service can be a little slow, but not un-friendly. I am so all about White Owl. I'd happily live out the rest of my days as a cheap date, eating veggie burgers and crushing beers and cocktails at White Owl.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,2/20/2014,161,578,1,10,8>A few of us met here on a rainy Saturday and had lunch.  I walked in first and said I was meeting a group.  They said all the booths were full but that there was plenty of seating up front.  And there was.  They have a nice bar with several seats and some bar stool high tables up front as well as some with either bench seats or what looks to be old school desk seats.  Kind of a neat way to reuse old old furniture.I sat down at a table for six and they quickly brought out menus and water.  After a few minutes my bike riding friends arrived a little soggy but all in one piece.  I had previously ordered hummus which took quite a while to arrive.  When it arrived it was delicious and had nice little pitas with it.  Well, needless to say we went through the pitas quickly and when asked if we could have more, the waiter said, well that would actually just be another order of hummus.  We declined.  Seriously, I think they could have charged us a couple more dollars and brought some extra pitas.We all order the individual flat bread pizzas.  Very tasty, my friends had the blue cheese and pear which I tried very tasty and I had the chanterelle mushroom pizza.  Not too bad but after tasting theirs I think the blue cheese added a bit more to the pizza.  We all split a bottle of local red wine.  $36 not too bad for a bottle in a restaurant.Everything was tasty, but took a long time we put in the orders for the pizzas and luckily were talking and catching up but we were sitting there for about a half hour or more after the order.  I had also ordered iced tea which never got refilled even though the server mentioned he would a few times.  The water was also hard to get refilled.  I guess it's not a huge deal on a Saturday when you are not in a rush but when you are talking and suddenly the talk turns to how long you've been sitting there you know it's been a while.  People had come in and left and other people were sitting next to us.A good place to stop but make sure you have some time.  Food and drink above average.  Service hit and miss.I would still give it another try.  It was worth the stop.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,2/19/2014,21,102,19,19,20>Not bad at all.  Service was excellent.  The place was super packed for lunch.  I know it is kinda lousy when places are jam packed but that means the establishment is either really awesome or just too small.  This place was good.I really recommend ANY kebob.  They cook those bad boys up upon order and it takes about 15 or 20 minutes for it to be ready.  Well worth that little wait.  Comes with some salad and rice which really adds to the overall ambiance that is your meal.For starters I really recommend you get the fries with sauce.  Really good stuff.  The fries are little disks that by themselves aren't special.  But they got this sauce on it that is to die for.  From now on I will refer to said sauce as 'Rad' sauce.Rad sauce comes with your kebob as well.  Dip each bite in and eat.  You will not be dissapointed.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,2/18/2014,194,364,6,12,10>With PDX already sporting a solid list of restaurants to satisfy sammy-junkies (think East Side Deli, Brass Tacks Sandwiches, and An Xuyen) one might think there isn't a need for another, but the 2 composers/musicians-turned-restaurateurs will prove you wrong with just one bite of their meat, bread, and cheese concoctions!I tried the #3 - salami, mortadella, provolone, balsamic aioli, and cherry pepper relish (though not listed on the menu there was also some bomb kale inside, too).  The bread was still soft and fresh tasting of a sourdough-style chiabatta (made just up in NE PDX by Fleur De Lis bakery), the cherry pepper relish reminded me of my  favorite muffletta mix, and the meat and cheese added just the right amount of contrasting flavor.With late night hours, delivery, an awesome location right on Hawthorne, and almost everything made/smoked in-house, this 4-month old shop has found the perfect niche.Be warned that prices are definitely a bit higher than average ($9.50-10 for a full sandwich that will feed 1 hungry guy or 2 less-hungry people), but with quality ingredients I'd say it's justifiable, especially when it's 2am and all the other sammy shops are closed!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,2/17/2014,42,160,6,13,6>Living in dull knife denial was kind of ridiculous.-This was realized after finally dragging my feet up to Sharpening 4u.I had three knives sharpened in 10 minutes.It only cost $10 to bring in my mediocre knife set, and they came out sharper than they were brand new!I appreciate their straightforward attitude & excellent customer service.Never again will I have to tolerate a dull knife; Sharpening 4u made the whole process easy and affordable.Stop living in dull knife denial and bring in your cutlery!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2013,2/16/2014,145,186,10,13,12>Have you ever been so damn hungover that your only desire in life is for a pizza to fall from the sky and slap in your lap?  #brownpeopleproblems. I know, I just used a hashtag like an instagram hoochie mama.Anyway, ordering pizza for breakfast? Kind of uncouth. Like chilling red wine or putting a diaper on your Pomeranian.  But lo! At 9:49 this am, they made a pizza appear at my front door. Thanks to their help, I was able to pry 1 eye open and write this review.Aside from the hangover help, their venue is a cute one. The employees are always upbeat and the tables and art wall are spunky.  I love their pizza. Decadent, crusty in the right places, the sauce isn't sweet and they cut it in random slices so you don't have to fight someone over getting the best piece. Their beer selection and salads are tasty, too.Bookmark this one for the next time you are as hungover as I am. You're welcome.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,2/15/2014,57,109,4,6,4>This was a great alternative to the classic American breakfast. There was a serious wait (before getting in the place and also waiting on first dish) but that was to be expected on a Saturday afternoon. The menu is simple and interesting with so many things to try which, I believe, is why people feel the need to return again and again. I ordered the lefse (Norwegian potato pancake) with ham, cheese, and marinated mushrooms. Upon first look, it seemed pretty small but damn, it was so incredibly flavorful and filling! I could barely finish the last few bites but refused to leave that much deliciousness on the plate. My male breakfast companion ordered the baked eggs and venison chili, which were equally filling although he wasn't the biggest fan of the bake eggs (perhaps a texture thing for him). We also split the abelskiver which is a must; you can get a half-order of 3 for a few dollars cheaper just to try them. The accompanying lemon curd and ligonberry jam is so good that I contemplated shoving the tiny bowls in my purse (I didn't, promise).
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,2/14/2014,30,111,27,9,11>Please enjoy my experience as it unfolded:Frankly, I'm shocked. Management apparently thinks that they can drum up some business once word gets around about some of the waitresses.Like most other people, when walking in the front door, I was immediately stunned by how short the hostess's sleeves were. I'm not even kidding...I could see her elbows.Ultimately, I collected myself, remembered how to form words into sentences, and asked to be seated. I have to confess, I felt a little dirty and wondered to myself what her shoulder might look like... But I digress. She was friendly enough.When seated, I realized that I was completely surrounded by arm-bearing hussies. It was so intense that I was shaken from my primal urges and muttered aloud: "What about the children?" To top it off, my waitress was wearing a TANK TOP! There was a kid at the next table. I mean, seriously. Isn't this how all the problems on 82nd started in the first place? Slippery slope, my friends.I'll mention the food as a side-note. I had the seared Ahi entree salad - the tuna pieces were bigger than I expected and quite good, the rub had a delightful amount of heat to it, the dressing was wonderful, and the portion size was just right. I'm avoiding sugar at all costs these days, so before ordering I asked if any of the ingredients, including the dressing, had added sugar. The waitress didn't know (probably on account of her lack of arm covering) but found out very quickly...there are two dressings, one of which did have added sugar. My dish came with both on the side and a warning about which one to avoid. She was very friendly about finding out and getting back to me promptly on a very busy night. I appreciate that sort of thing.AAAAAAnyway, where was I? Right; arms. As I enjoyed my delicious salad, I had an epiphany. Maybe an arm is just an arm. Maybe we all have arms and some look better than others. Maybe the fact that the waitresses show more arm here than any other family restaurant on Earth is a silly thing to get all hot and bothered about. Maybe I should just focus on the fact that the service was prompt, friendly, and caring and that the food was delicious. And maybe if I sneak a peek at an exposed elbow as it briskly passes by while enjoying said food, and I'm reminded of a younger, more care-free time of free love and peace, I'll still be OK.Maybe I'll be back tomorrow to make sure I'm not offended and to make sure that no children are being shocked into a life of prostitution.Maybe I'll get the same waitress again...
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,2/13/2014,62,195,11,10,8>Dive-tastic!I know I'm not alone when I say that sometimes I drink more than I should. And when that happens, Alibi is the place to go. It is the place dive bar dreams are made of. Dark, a bit dingy, tiki-themed, with a space to suit every need. Cheating on your spouse? Well here's a dark corner with a giant private booth in which you can canoodle.Drunk with friends and feeling like some karaoke? Here's a badass list to choose from and a friendly KJ. Drowning your sorrows with some professional liquid consumption? Pull up a stool and chat up the friendly bartenders.Looking for some cheap booze? You came to the right fucking place.Ce n'est pas un dive bar. C'est le paradis.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/12/2014,98,273,11,9,8>Noble Rot is a bit of an oasis in a city that loves to be funky, hip and ya know, weird.  I'm all for that, but whether life is feeling a little tough or hella awesome, there are times you need a glass of champagne, a server without attitude and a kick-ass view.  You would think the food would be subpar with the stellar view but the kitchen is actually sending out some very solid items.  The burger is always a great choice.  My friend had the smoked sable mousse and loved it.  Sadly, the waitress described it as, "Kinda like tuna salad, but chef would kill me for saying that".  Ok, so maybe the servers need a little more work but at least she knew she was throwing chef under the bus.  My friends also got the cheese plate, mussels and french fries and everyone was satisfied.  You can go big or basic at Noble Rot.  There are great wine flights and lots of bottles (we got a lovely and reasonable priced bottle of champagne for my friends birthday), but there's also happy hour if you don't want to break the budget.  And that's the thing overall about Noble Rot - it can kind of be whatever you want.  Girls night out?  Check.  Impress out of town visitors?  Definitely.  Romantic date night?  Well, personally, I'm still working on that one.  But when I find a man in Portland with a job and without a grizzly adams beard, that's definitely where we're going to go!
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,2/11/2014,147,166,12,28,13>I'm a spa girl, through and through. I work at a spa, I've been in the beauty industry for ten years, yada yada yada. I'm quite versed in beauty treatments, not to mention I've done TONS of research on European, Asian, and South American beauty rituals to expand my knowledge for both career purposes and my own vain curiosity.Korean spas aren't for everyone, but I absolutely love them. My first experience was at a Korean spa in Los Angeles, and I left feeling simultaneously blissed out and regretful that Portland didn't offer an experience like that. LITTLE DID I KNOW, we have our own little bath house hiding right in the middle of Suburbia.I'll make this short, so that it makes for an easy reference.1) This isn't a place of relaxation or pampering. This is strictly a place of health and wellness. In pretty much every culture except American, massages/facials/body wraps/saunas are a health necessity and people go at least bi-monthly to take care of themselves. 2) $115 for three hours of meditation, scrubbing, soaking, and facial massage is seriously the deal of the century. $115?!?! For a full body scrub that will encourage healthy circulation, smooth skin texture and tone, and a freshly-grated cucumber facial pack that comes AFTER an olive oil facial massage?!?! SERIOUSLY!?!?! I am still in disbelief. And you get full use of the dry and wet sauna rooms. Unbelievable, and awesome.3) The Asian bath house culture dictates that you'll be naked for the entire duration of your stay. Just accept it. It's been that way for centuries in other cultures. I went with a co-worker from MY spa, whom i'd certainly never seen naked, and we were doing naked yoga poses in the Salt room to pass the time. Totally chill. I pity the person who might've opened the door while I had my leg propped up on the wall facing the door. 4)Bring two towels; one giant body towel to sprawl out on in the Jade and Salt rooms, and a towel to shower with. The previous reviews mention the lack of sanitary space in those rooms, and that they're lightly covered in loose hair and (most likely) dead skin cells. Gross? Sure. Something that you accept with this particular bath house culture? Totally. Just plan ahead, and you'll be fine. Why would you show up unprepared to lay out on a giant futon that naked strangers have been using, anyways? That's like showing up to a swingers club without baby wipes.If you're looking for the ultimate ladies-only detox and full body scrub down, check this place out. You won't be disappointed. It's a wonderful, healthy way to spend the afternoon, and a great snapshot of Eastern beauty culture.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2007,1/21/2008,6,11,4,4,4>I noticed this place on a visit to Fubonn and was intrigued the moment I saw Bun Cha Ha Noi on the menu.  I'm not sure there is anything quite like eating bun cha at the little shop on Hang Manh in Ha Noi, but I was willing to give it a shot. I've missed the delicious grilled pork patties that define bun cha.  Luckily for me, they nailed it. The grilled meat's taste is so close to that in Ha Noi that I can only shout praises for it.  They like to serve it on a platter, but I prefer it the way I know... in a bowl.  Just dump it all together: nuoc cham, meat, bun and some vegetables. Squeeze a little  lime over it and it's Vietnamese heaven in a bowl. I wasn't as impressed with their pho ga; the taste was great, but I prefer the thicker, flat noodles over the skinny vermicelli. The bun bo Hue was good, but not wonderful.  Again the noodles aren't my favorite, but it tasted good, just enough spicy bite  and loads of vegetables; it was fairly similar to the soup I'd eaten in Hue.  They offer homemade yoghurt that is simply the best I've had.  For my son's birthday we ate there and enjoyed young coconuts, pho, bun cha, and summer rolls.  If you're vegetarian, make sure to ask that *all* meat gets removed, not just the meat listed on the menu item itself.  Sometimes there's hidden meat (as my vegan friend found out!).  The service is great and they'll bend over backwards to help you.  Probably literally would if you asked.  Great service, good (US) prices, and excellent taste.  Plus the guy who runs the place is super nice.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,1/20/2008,18,0,7,2,4>I think of Doug Fir like my friend Eric's house in college.  Eric's house was not that nice - it did not have cable, he refused to turn on the AC, all of his couches were older than me, he let his dog tear everything up, etc.  But, it was the perfect place for all of my buddies to hang out every evening.  It was big enough for lots of people, we did not have to worry about breaking things, and it was in the middle of town so everyone could meet there fairly easily.To me, Doug Fir is like that - although I think it is way nicer than Eric's house, especially given the Abe Lincoln construction.  It is great for the late night hang out spot.  It is in the middle of town, sits large groups of people easily, open really late and serves food late, has interesting drinks, and has dancing occasionally.  It is so easy to tell all of your friends to meet at Doug Fir before you go out or after you have gone out.  I think it is one of the few places in town that has that appeal.PS - Recognized by Playboy as one of the Top 10 Rock Venues in the US! playboy.com/style/a-list
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2007,1/19/2008,156,203,4,2,3>This is the first place I ate in Portland and it still leaves an impression on me 10 years later. I think that's how most of the people I know ended up moving here - they came to visit a friend, who got them drunk and took them to Montage. You stood in the drizzle all drunky and waited for a table, wondering why the hell anyone would do such a thing. Once you got inside, you ended up at a big table with a bunch of other drunk people who were all having a great time too. Your eyes popped out at the plethora of food you'd never thought would be served in a restaurant - mac and cheese? alligator? Frog legs??? I thought those were only from fancy French restaurants? You order oyster shooters and a big brassy girl yells FOUR OYSTER!!!! all the way across the room towards the kitchen, where they magically appear on the pass. You choose from a variety of interesting sounding cocktails to keep your buzz going while you shovel in your starch and laugh and talk with strangers and when you're stuffed, the waitron brings you your leftovers all wrapped up in a fancy  tinfoil swan or other such critter.Is the food amazing? No. It's good. It's REALLY good drunk food. I highly recommend being sloshed when dining here. No wonder half of California moved here in the last 10 years!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,1/18/2008,35,130,3,6,3>I am just about ready to add Waffle to my list of most-perfect foods, along with Panini, Crepe and Burrito. Things I love about this place:*Saturday morning, 11am: no wait and the food got to us in about 10 minutes*Something on the menu to make the vegan, small child, and grandma in your party happy*Spacious and airy, nice light coming in the front windows and skylight, low-key art installation in the back, clean bathrooms*No complaining from small child; her mouth was too stuffed with whipped creamWhy was this place so uncrowded at peak brunching hours?  The waffles are creative and good and run about $7 or so each. My theory: no one knows what Jace Gace is or means. If they changed the name of this place to Waffles Topped With Yummy Things or something, I'd predict lines out the door.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2008,1/17/2008,29,56,6,5,6>I saw the signs for Stepping Stone way before I ever ate there.  The bottom reads "You eat here because we let you"...  Heck Yeah!!!  Maybe I'm just a burnt out service person, but I love to see an establishment with an attitude.  When we finally visited there, the energy was high, the music was great, and the service was adequate considering how busy they were.   The food was tasty; typical breakfast stuff.  It was made correctly and the portions were HUGE!!!!  We ordered one pancake and it was the size of my head!!!   I guess if you can eat three of them you get your picture up on the wall!:)  I haven't visited there for lunch, dinner, or late night, but I would definitely recommend it for breakfast.  If you're in a hurry, go to Mc Donalds.  If you want a fun atmosphere and large amounts of good food, come to Stepping Stone.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,1/16/2008,143,448,3,5,2>I am a die hard carnivore.  But my girlfriend introduced me to this place and its GREAT!  The soups are always awesome.  I love the breakfast burritos.  The food is always filling but never leaves you feeling bloated or over full.  Just right.The staff is really knowledgeable about the menu and are always helpful and laid back.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,1/15/2008,192,650,6,14,11>Ever want to go to a neighborhood bar that is chill, has normally priced drinks, and really nice owners that hang out and make sure everyone's having a good time?Did you ever in your wildest dreams think that bar would have SKEEBALL, remote control mini car racing, really nice bartenders and pretty good snacks too??? Did you?Well, Mike and Matt over at Eastburn have put together a pretty awesome space- including all of the above fun goodness- despite the lameness of the name (sorry boys, Eastburn's a little cheesy for my taste).I went in with some friends befpre the grand opening and they claimed to still have a few kinks to work out. We didn't notice a thing, but it really wasn't that busy, so maybe they just had everything under control. We went straight downstairs to the game area and bar, but the upstairs was a nicely decorated restaurant with a great looking menu. Whether you are looking for good food, good drinks, fun games or nice people......you'll find it at my new favorite bar: Eastburn!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,1/14/2008,9,23,4,5,2>This is a must-see for all lovers of movies. Big, squishy leather seats, plenty of leg room, huge HD screens, clean bathrooms, great dining, 21-and-up "living room" theater...it's just a great place to be. Ticket prices aren't even much more than a regular theater (around $9), unless you're in one of the living room theaters. Those are extra because they're set-up different (more living room like), and because pre-show restaurant and wine bar table service, as well as live pre-show dinner music on Fridays and Saturdays, is provided. They even show a football game here and there (ticket prices are lower for these events).I have not tried their restaurant, but my guess is it's spendy. Concessions are spendy, that is for sure, but it's a theater, right? Stuff some candy in your purse (or girlfriend's purse) and you're good.Cinetopia is by far the best quality of picture I've seen, and definitely the most comfortable theater I've sat in. There's nothing worse than limping out of a theater after a great movie because the chair you were sitting in was so hard you felt like your lower regions were going to fall off by the middle of the movie. Or  walking out with your neck feeling like one of those creaky door hinges in grandma's kitchen. No worries: Cinetopia is achy-butt and stiff neck free.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,1/13/2008,35,83,,4,3>Best Thai food in Portland bar none.Try the Pad Phet.  You won't be disappointed.  The burning hot mixture of eggplant and chillies will set your heart on fire.A bit of a tip, call in your order.  You will arrive finding a reserved table and a glorious plate of steaming food waiting for you...
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2007,1/12/2008,50,269,1,4,3>This was our 3rd attempt at trying to go to Toro Bravo, and finally we were able to get a table in a reasonable amount of time.  Most of our wait times in the past were 2 hours or more (i'm too impatient for that).  This time was a modest hour and quarter, but we were actually seated within the hour time frame.The food, oh my god, the food.  SO GOOD.  My husband and i went to dinner with his father and his girlfriend who was in town visiting.  Cauliflower, meatballs, chicken, eggplant, grilled chantrelles, salt cod fritters, brussel sprouts, tuna, creole shrimpo, and lemon crepes.  Everything was superb.  We ordered the meatballs and chicken after our first order, really we could have done without. it was good, but not spectacular, and really we were pretty full at that point.Service was okay, she never really made it back to the table to check on us much, but the dishes were brought and cleared by the food runner in a timely manner and our table wasn't ever crowded.  I'm glad we finally got to eat there, and it's especially good on someone else's dime!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,6/22/2009,189,360,10,18,14>It is just a window, with an adorable awning - just off of SE Hawthorne - and from this window you can find the most unusual and unbelievably amazing waffles.I cannot stress enough that everyone, before they die, should try the Three B waffle - Basil, Brie & Bacon.  Unusual combination? Yes.  Addictive and amazing? Yes (x2).Other amazing waffles include the chocolate dipped and plain sugar.  Each waffle is about 4 in by 4 in squared, and costs about $4.  They look small, but they're filing and I'd recommend ordering two if you're hungry.This is definitely a quirky Portland establishment, and they are clearly aware of the rainy city in which they are located - so never fear, on a rainy day you can still get your waffles and stay dry - they've made arrangements with the Bread & Ink cafe next door so you can sit and eat inside and enjoy the heavenly waffles, even in a torrential downpour.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2009,6/21/2009,121,1306,23,22,18>I swear I eat meat.I swear I eat meat.I swear I eat meat.Then why is it that I am so enamored with their veggie burger and pureed soups that I can't help but order them every single time*? It confuses the hell out of me. Their house made veggie is divine, but I think the black bean takes the cake. It doesn't hurt that guacamole and pico de gallo are almost as plentiful of as the burger. I won't lie; I have no qualms eating guacamole as a meal in and of itself. As long as it doesn't come out of some store bought container, I will be eating every drop of avocado goodness. The soups were really the pleasant surprise. They always have two. They're always rotating. I've had the lemon asparagus and the zucchini pea. I can't pick which I liked better. Regardless, each one had gigantic chunks of vegetables in them. You can get a cup with any of your entrees, or order a small or large bowl as an addition. They aren't kidding about bowls, either. I had a small bowl accompany a black bean burger and salad once. I was ready to burst. Portion control? What's that?Random things to note:   The service has always been on point.    I have yet to check out the patio.    The beer list isn't anything super, but you can easily find something to drink.    They pour a mean mixed drink.    The whole menu is affordable.   It's within walking distance of my house.   The dining room gets loud when it gets busy.   It's kid friendly, but in a tolerable way.   You're eating by candle light at night. Bring the night vision goggles.*I did order a patty melt that was on special last time I was there. It was a good balance of rye, onion, beef, and cheese--however they were excessively heavy on the sauce.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,6/20/2009,265,215,10,14,19>As a child, I used to sandwich a sugar cube between 2 rose petals from my mom's garden and happily munch away. Many years and dentist visits later, I still have an utter weakness for floral tastes. Violet, Rose, Elderflower... I'm a sucker. Other things I'm a sucker for:Champagne CocktailsIntimate Cozyness Friendly and knowledgeable bartendersRound green buttery olivesHotel BarsHappy HoursSo yes, come here, if you like any of the above items, and especially if something like the Elizabeth Taylor (cassis de violet and champagne) sounds good to you.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,6/19/2009,46,70,20,14,14>I don't go to this bar to look cute.  I don't go there to flip my hair and let my homies marvel at how hip my flashdance-inspired off the shoulder wardrobe is.  It's not like that, the Moon & Sixpence ain't your mama's glamour spot.  All bars have a purpose.  Some bars are for people watching, dancing, going nuts, whatever...a pub should be meant for drinking and the Moon definitely fits the bill.  They have an excellent beer selections, nice bartenders,  lots of dark wood and darts. Pub-tastic.At A Glance Break Down:If you want to sit and have a beer with your friends: Yes!If you want to sit and have a beer with yourself: Uh Huh!Have a drink and read a book: Hells yeah!Have a drink, maybe order some curry fries: Big Time!Watch TV and chest bump your brah: Negative!Hair flip and dance to Benny Benassi: Quit Playin!Marvel at how great you look doing posing on a new art-deco furniture shape that passes for a trendy bar sofa:  Refused!Have a beer here, kick back and shrug off the day.  Shoot, smile a little too.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,6/18/2009,45,71,10,9,9>Maybe it's because I've only made it to Kenny & Zuke's on special occasions, such as "I Quit my Job Somewhat Spontaneously and Suddenly Find Myself with Nothing to Do!" Day and "Wow! We're up Before 11 on a Saturday!" Morning, but oh man, this place is kind of magical to me. I seriously love the location--walking up that stretch of Stark and getting to spy on the waitstaff having a pre-opening drink at Clyde Common, gawking at who's trying to sit casually in the lobby of the Ace (don't they seem to be a little too attractive, sitting a little too straight, holding their heads just so? Has their hair been professionally styled? Is this a requirement to stay at the Ace?)--it all somehow fits together with Kenny & Zuke's big windows and airy high ceilings and dreamy cooks barking orders at the grill and the sound the chairs make when people move closer to their tables. But hey, there's the food, too. Note: I am not a pastrami fan. Get that meat outta my sandwich. But dear Lord, please strike me down if I am lying when I say I tried a loved one's pastrami sandwich and fell out of my chair from the wonder and deliciousness! (I got the tuna sandwich, and it's no slump. It may have been the best tuna sandwich I have ever ingested, actually. I feel really bad that it is not getting its proper recognition here, but this whole newfound love for pastrami, brought to me by Kenny & Zuke's, really made me re-examine my life). Oh, hey, I've tried some of their breakfast things too, but I think Lunch Land is where K & Z is at (I say this without having tried the blintzes. I have a real good feeling about the blintzes). It's a little on the pricey side, at least for this old girl in these troubling economic times? But every meal I've ever purchased from this fine establishment has provided ample leftovers, so you can definitely slip that half a loved one's pastrami sandwich into your bag and find it waiting for you, only slightly sweaty, four hours later while in a crowded movie house and in need of serious protein. It's going to definitely gross people out. But you'll be okay with it. It's that good.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2009,6/17/2009,57,108,13,16,18>I like pie.  I like fried things.BBQ brisket = 4 out of five.  The sauce is good.  The meat is cooked well.  It was a little empty for 4 bucks or this would be a fiverony and cheese.  I could also do without the cheese in this one.  There's no need for it.Chicken pot pie = 3 out of five.  Simply good overall but not as good as the last chicken pot pie I made so I have a biased opinion.Strawberry = 4 out of five.  The vegan crust is fine.  No complaints from an enemy of veganism.  The filling is not (Kevin Nash) tooooooo sweeeeeeeeet.  It's just right.  I'd like a little more fruit and less syrup.Salmon with chipotle mayo = FIVE outta five, it totally rocks, but it's rarely there.All of the chocolate, peanut-butters, marshmallows and whatever else is way too sweet and gooey.If you are afraid of eating fried things let me explain something.  Frying is not greasy when it's done correctly and these were fried to perfection.  I had ZERO grease on my hands after consumption of three pies without a single napkin.  Do not be afraid of fried, fried is good.:Want List:MEATLOAF PIEMashed PotatoSweet-n-Sour Chicken19 cent Ramen PieMac-n-CheeseVeggies with Cheddar:EDITS!:
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,6/16/2009,122,144,25,14,14>Driving with the mister last week, talking about the amazing Chef Naoko (and the fact that she delivers all over town, including to private schools.)me: "y'know, if we had a kid I think we'd send 'em to the French school.  And he'd get Chef Naoko at least once a week."mister: (eyebrow slightly raised) "no we wouldn't."me: "why?  how cool would that be?"mister: "no.  everyone hates those kids.  the ones who get bento boxes delivered.  AND the ones who speak French."me: (slightly furrowed brow...)  "huh.  okay.  I just think if I'd gone to a fancy French school and got bento boxes maybe I would, y'know, have done something better with my life.  just sayin. maybe we should think about that."mister: "we don't like kids."oh yeah.  Chef Naoko is freaking awesome.  I'm glad I'm a (sorta) grown up and can get bento boxes whenever I want.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,6/15/2009,645,1150,11,15,14>Oh Lord yes, the scones are as wonderful as ever.  Those scones override every other consideration about this restaurant.Bring a ravenous appetite.  Standard breakfasts automatically come with three eggs, hashbrowns and either a scone or toast.   Obviously, pick the scone.  So much food, we had to get take-out boxes!Crunchety (I admit, Cam, that I am plagiarizing one of your adjectives) hashbrowns. Here you won't find hipster food gussied up with goofy spices.  An extra star, at least, for their chicken-fried steak gravy (either country or brown style) that has a mild, balanced flavor.  Another word about the scones.  Kettle's are not those biscuit-like scones, perhaps filled with berries or olives that you find at your local coffeehouse or organic supermarket.  Kettle's scones are the real McCoy - piping hot, soft, and served with honey butter on the side.  Picture the scones from the Washington State Fair in Puyallup.  Some people might also liken the Kettle scones to Native American frybread.And it gets better.  We thought we were going to get one scone each, but our waitress brought out a whole basket!Corny (but possibly sexist) witticisms festoon the wall behind the counter.  Gems like "Dual Air Bags is not a reference to your wife and mother-in-law" or "If you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen".   Maybe even "If the dishwasher is broke, that doesn't necessarily mean your wife doesn't have any money".  I saw one of the old pine board menus from the Ma and Pa Kettle days high on a shelf.  A nice salute to a great past that the current owners have taken pains not to disturb.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,6/14/2009,457,244,26,14,19>As I watch the TLB physically morph into a beautiful baby manufacturing lab, I've noticed a mental shift in my own psyche and a significant swing in my typical day to day activities.  Weekends full of debase debauchery and depravity are now replaced with preparation for the future.  Beer, bimbos and blow have been replaced with baby, birthing classes and boy names. Instead of staying up until 7 in the morning, I find that it is the time I tend to wake up.  VIP lists have been replaced with to do lists. Even the weekend long group sex sessions with Transylvanian adult movie stars, lubed up one legged midgets swingers and rabbit costumed furries, are sadly now a thing of the past.Someone is all growns up.  Or at least slowing traversing down that path of mature enlightenment.Yet despite the slight drop in personal popularity and trips to the free clinic, I've taken this metamorphic stage in stride and started embracing the simple joys of life.  You know, those pleasures that don't involve hangovers, runny noses, chaffed body parts, police reports or lapses in memory.So during the middle of a day scheduled for furniture shopping, selecting paint colors and getting in some yard work, the TLB and I took time out to enjoy the sun with a quick walk down by Oaks Park.  We decided to head into to the Oaks Bottom Wildlife refuge, and for an peaceful hour forgot about of our hectic schedule and impending responsibilities, navigating the trails while being serenaded with the singing of the countless birds that make this refuge their home.  We wandered down by the water, quietly watching a pair of geese watch over their furry newborns taking their first swim. Time spent together exploring the trails, walking hand in hand and discussing the future.  A time for getting back to the basics, while appreciating the beauty of this city we live in.The Oaks Bottom Wildlife Refuge is the perfect oasis of nature, centrally located and readily available to transport you from the mundane repetition of life's minutia.  And as we headed out of the Oaks Park area, I noticed that for the first time in ages our urban hike didn't involve stops at the Muddy Rudder or Oaks Bottom Public House.  Yet on that day, no cold pint could replace the childhood joy of a perfect snow cone at Oaks Park after a summer hike, or the look of happy contentment beaming from the face of the TLB.Crazed antics of depravity might not be completely gone, and certainly not forgot, but at this stage they are fewer and far between.  There are new adventures to plan and new responsibilities to undertake.Well, at least until those Transylvanian hookers can get their visas approved.  Then all bets are off.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,6/13/2009,457,356,10,14,11>When you are stuck in the whirlwind of details, preparation, paranoia and caring for the love of your life you are asked to do one small other thing before your bouncing baby tax deductions comes popping out from behind the fleshy curtain.  Find the Doctor to care for your sick child and ensure his/her well being.  Oh.  Is that all?  How in the heck do I ever start to do that?In my case it started with talking with friends and co-workers who have children.  As I hunted the elusive prey one name popped up several times, Dr. Kathleen Hutchinson and the folks at Evergreen Pediatrics.  It took one phone call and arrange for her to be our Tax Deduction's Doctor.  After he came flopping out of The Wife the people at Evergreen were all over making sure he was healthy (unfortunately they couldn't do much about the quaking mass of paranoia that was at the time his new Father).  Not just Dr. Hutchinson, but several of the Doctors were involved in his first couple of days on the planet.Since then, through colds, ear infections, sinus infections and one particularly scary incident to  us as new parents it's been all Dr. Hutchinson and her nurse, Dorothy.  I couldn't say enough about them or recommend them highly enough.  Even if you call the emergency number late, she calls fast enough to make your head spin and follows up the next day if you have to see another Doctor.  So next time you find yourself knocked up in the 'Couve and need a good Doctor might I suggest this one?
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,6/20/2014,200,109,6,11,9>You really can't go wrong with this place - even if you've got vegans, gluten-frees or medium-sized children in the mix. Noble Rot is in a little bit of a weird location for a Portland standard, with most of our swank being concentrated in the Pearl, but it's not technically out of the way. In fact, I probably drove by it a bazillion times without ever knowing it was there. It's right on Burnside before it meets Sandy so it's easy to miss. Plus, it's one of those "go in a random building, kind of, then up an elevator, and then there's the restaurant" type restaurants, which is confusing if you're me and have a sense of direction that's entirely driven by landmarks (turn right at the strip club with the ironic marquee, then left right before that one painted school bus that never goes anywhere).Anyway. Due to the aforementioned elevator, it's got a pretty swell view. And, the atmosphere can't be beat - it's one of the few places in Portland that can be described as truly swanky. It's intimate and there's an actual *gasp* coat rack for your military-inspired trench coats, repurposed punk denims, pimp furs and standard pea coats. Which really wouldn't set it apart in any other city - but Portland's restaurants are weirdly obsessed with forcing you to fold your damp outerwear on your lap while you eat, so a coat rack (or heavens to betsy, a real actual coat CHECK) is much appreciated by this diner.On to the food. It was good, well-curated, and beautifully presented. Everything we ordered was seasonal, save for the pasta and beef. The cocktails were well-mixed, and I would come back to try the wine flights I keep hearing so much about. But like a lot of others said, everything seemed to be just a titch too overpriced. Take the pasta and beef, for example. Plain white egg noodles with somewhat unimaginatively prepared shredded beef. I was not impressed, especially to the tune of $30+. Meh.All that being said, if you have some Fancy People coming from out of town, or an anniversary dinner of some sort, or just generally enjoy impressing other people with atmosphere, Noble Rot is a great choice. I'd come back for a happy hour, provided it wasn't too crowded, or even a dinner - they take reservations which is another Portland rarity, which I appreciate deeply.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,6/19/2014,11,71,10,7,8>HOW MUCH KNUCKLE SANDWICH DO I NEED?All units measured in Burnsides*.Level 1- Sitting at office all day, drove to work, gonna watch TV all night after. -0 Knuckle Sandwich, go do some exercise! Level 2- Sat at office all day, biked to work, going to walk dog afterwards- 1/4 Knuckle Sandwich.Level 3- Worked on job site all day, biked to work, going to walk dog afterwards- 1/2 Knuckle Sandwich.Level 4- Worked on job site all day  digging a ditch, biked 25 miles to work, going to walk 4 Great Danes and a Rat Terrier afterwards- 3/4 Knuckle Sandwich.Level 5- Worked on job site all day digging ditch, WITH BARE HANDS, Biked 112 miles training for Ironman, run a marathon with a horse afterwards- Full Knuckle Sandwich.Level 6- Only Chuck Norris can handle Level 6- Full Knuckle Sandwich, side of fries.* A delicious sandwich of super tasty roast beef, crispy fried onions, red peppers, and cheez whiz, all nestled in a chewy yet soft cocoon of awesomeness. Available for purchase from super friendly staffers with CASH ONLY!!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,6/18/2014,509,364,5,8,6>Are you sick of going to sports bars in hopes of catching a Blazer game only to find out the screen is too small and/or a hoard of people are obstructing your view and/or too many hipster types make you feel your jeans are not skinny enough.Look no further than Perch Tavern. Front row seats to a big screen with the minimal infractions of distribution. Snappy bar tenders (all older, very wise women).Folding tables.Secret outdoor porch.Ultra cheap draft beer (even craft and crafty ones)Only fried food on the menu (get the shrooms!)and surprise visits by stellar local karaoke stars.And a parking lot (although I recommend walking if you live in the hood).A true dive bar.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2014,6/17/2014,44,191,4,8,6>Pretty good! I'll be back.There were a lot of choices of toppings but I went to my standby, good ol' cheese pizza. Here it's called the Maddy. Perfectly cooked, crisp crust with good chew, and not too much toppings. I like that, it reminds me a bit of the pizzas you can buy on various street corners in Florence and Rome. Pizza does not need to be complicated to be good, in fact I think the simpler the better.Caveat: if you are used to American chain pizza, with 1/2 thick globs of cheese, MOD Pizza is not that. To their credit.The staff could not be more friendly or helpful. This is a very good thing. However a chorus of welcome! as you are walking into the building, which is loud and echoey due to high ceilings and loud music anyway, can be a bit much. There were 10 people behind the counter at 1 point. That's a lot of hello. But who gets mad about people being too enthusiastic and nice?It is loud, and I normally don't like that, but it goes with the decor and the concept. It's an industrial design, all high ceilings and exposed beams. The loud music fits the fast casual concept and didn't bother me at all.I'll be back, as it's near my work and a great lunch choice. The cheese pizza is less than the others, only $6 and change, so it's a deal (as are any of the pizzas, really.)Get the Marionberry lemonade. Yumm!
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,6/16/2014,95,86,8,10,6>Ok, let's get this out of the way. Boke Bowl does not serve an authentic traditional bowl of ramen.That said, it's really f***ing good and you should still go there. Here's why.Their Ramen:While not the richest broth I've sampled, their bowls are packed with delicious fresh ingredients. I've eaten here a few times but standouts include their caramelized fennel bowl (which is both vegetarian and awesome), and the Rabbit 3 ways (which if it's on the menu is worth violating your vegetarian vows for). They reliably have a good base and while their wheat noodles may not be traditional, they're amazingly delish.Their Salad(s)?They may have another one, but unless it comes served on the buttcheeks of Olivia Wilde it's going to be hard to persuade me from the Roasted Cauliflower and Brussel Sprouts salad. Do yourself a favor and order something different from the rest of table with this one. Everyone's going to ask for a bite and say "I'm ordering that next time"THE OVERLOOKED SUPERSTARHoly f***ing s**t. I don't care if they're non traditional. The steamed buns at Boke Bowl are the things the steamed bun fetishists speak to each other about in fevered whispers. They're so soft and served more in a taco style than the standard stuffed bun. The mushroom is my usual go to, but the PB&J is an amazing dessert (if you still have room). Honestly? Try them all, I've never had one treat me wrongOverall, it's a great place with some yummy food and the closest thing I've found to Wagamama style dining in PDX (and once again, zomg those buns..)
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,6/15/2014,126,2155,8,11,8>Simply put, the Thai offerings at Tarad are different from anything you've had in Portland. One night I asked the entirely immigrant staff, "What are you guys doing differently? Your food is delicious and tastes completely different than all other Thai I've had in Portland." They just smiled and nodded, not quick to give away any secrets, but acknowledging that yes, this is different, and delicious. Bonus? They're open late on weekends until about 1am.Put this restaurant on your radar for when you want something special. Similar to Chiang Mai on Hawthorne, Tarad serves a slew of next-level authentic dishes in a style reminiscent of the small restaurants tucked away down the alleyways of Bangkok.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,6/14/2014,60,128,9,8,8>Jabbering, used to be worthwhileOccasionally revile, arbitraryI really feel that I'm losing my religionI can't believe this could be pretendIt looks as though, you're aproposAnd if it's real, well I don't want to forgoDon't speakI know just what you're cravingSo please stop explainingI know your belly hurtsOur sandwiches, they can be invitingBroad St Bomber's altogether, mighty frighteningAs we fry, both veggies and meatWith my sub in my hands, I Shut Up and EatDon't speakI know what you're eatingDoesn't need more seasoningEat up, till your belly burstsIt's all fleetingGotta stop retreating, indie eateriesI know you're good, I know you're goodI know you're real goodNo Doubt, word gets out
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,6/13/2014,188,386,4,15,11>Eat. Drink. Be Nice. It's Trifecta's motto, and boy howdy do they live up to it. It's like the people here actually care. There's craftsmanship in the drinks, detail and variety in the food, and such kindness in the people!Eat:Everything I've had has been tasty and satisfying, and you can easily order to fit your budget. Order small plates to share, or go all out and get the full meal deal. Whatever else you get, be sure to get the smoked farrow with cauliflower. You can start small and add on later, too. The food comes out lightning fast. Yep, bread is complimentary but butter is $3. Don't worry about it. You're out for a nice evening. Be nice.Drink:If it's just you and a friend, I'd recommend sitting at the bar. Fair warning: this will get expensive, because you'll want to try every cocktail that's crafted before your eyes. Just accept it. You deserve it. Have something with orange peel and enjoy the magic. Take any recommendation from the bartender. They'll ask what you like and make you something you'll adore.Be Nice:Trifecta resolves my internal struggle with loving Portland's extensive quality food options, but hating Portland's surly service. They're killing with the kindness here, and it feels genuine. It's great for a date, or catching up with a friend. Great for a smallish group, I'd imagine. The place feels expansive and yet cozy at the same time. I don't know how they do it, but I love it, and I love them for it. And they make you feel like they love you too.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/12/2014,207,465,8,11,13>"I f***ing love these!!" I exclaimed after I tried glasses I'd ordered from AEC. "Oops, sorry!" to the receptionist, "I was just really excited." That was the result of a great appointment. Let's scroll back a bit. I'd noticed my contacts and glasses weren't cutting it so much anymore. As in, things were blurrrrrrrrrry. Grrrrg. I finally buckled down and....booked an appointment online. Easy peasy. They call to remind you the day before & have you fill out forms online (yay minimal paperwork @ the appointment itself!!). I show up and offered a glass of water while I waited. I'd just started perusing the glasses when Dr. Armstrong whisked me away to my appointment. After all the usual "better or worse" and "cover your left eye" fun parts, she got down to business. Instead of just saying "your eyes are worse, here's the presciption" she talked to me about my eye care habits. What I did for work, how much I used the computer, etc. She suggested that I wear reading glasses when doing computer work to avoid eye strain. Also, she explained WHY contacts really do need to be changed out bi-weekly and switched me to month lenses since that's about when I was doing so anyways. After I was done with the brass tacks, Jessica sat me down to review what I wanted to buy that day. Confessing that I hadn't bought glasses in ages, she undauntingly started pulling out random frame for me to try until I found THE pair. She then reviewed my options for lenses, coatings, etc. I was so at ease I found myself chit chatting comfortably with Jessica, something I'm not apt to do at all with strangers. My glasses were done the next day & when I picked them up they made sure that they fit correctly and I was comfortable with them before I left. It's definitely more expensive than say, Costco, but in this case you absolutely get what you pay for. Extremely thorough care, thoughtful help and glasses I absolutely f**king LOVE.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/11/2014,145,218,2,10,9>Places like this give people pride in a neighborhood.  When it first opened the selection was small and it was never really my go to place.  Over time the selection has grown and the place has evolved.  If you are looking for ciders in the area, this is the place!  I have noticed them slowly taking over the cold cabinets little by little and now that I am a cider fan, I couldn't be happier.  They even have a cider and beer on tap!   They even put together tastings and a monthly knitting group called something along the lines of "Knit-faced"Lots of wines and beer, both local and international and the owners are spot on with recommendations.  Grab a pint, shop the store and actually enjoy the buying portion of the beer run.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2009,8/14/2009,80,196,12,10,7>This is definitely the largest Farmer's Market I have been to in the Portland area.   However, it is also the most crowded, and as such the most annoying.  I'm really sick of Beaverton soccer moms paying ZERO attention to the flow of traffic while pushing their triple wide strollers that are for some reason completely devoid of children, while 3 too-small-to walk-in-crowds children attempt to follow her whilst she pays ZERO attention to them as well.Aside from the company, it is super great and has tons of not only produce and flowers, but a huge representation of food vendors.All I have to say is congrats on trying to ban pets, now please try to ban strollers since no one is using them anyway.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,8/13/2009,252,87,11,18,16>It was a dark and stormy night, well afternoon actually, and I was driving down Division minding my own business...when suddenly a Subaru jumped out in front of me!  Damn Outbacks, they are everywhere!  After a bit of a "bump" I found myself healing from whiplash & a foot sprain.  I knew that I needed some advice on Chiropractic services, so I turned to my Naturopath & friend for a referral.  She suggested Dr. Jess Barr Desbrow who practices Chiropractic & Craniosacral therapy, with a little eastern medicine thrown in.  I was a little pensive about my first visit.  I had never been to a Chiropractor before, but I had heard all of the horror stories.  Everyone has a car accident/chiropractor story and they are not usually good ones.  Immediately after walking into Dr. Jess's home office I felt at ease.  She has a knack of making you feel right at home in her space and she is a smart and confident doctor.  She spent about an hour just talking to me about what I was going through.  She then asked if I was comfortable with her giving me an adjustment.  I was ready to take the leap and have never looked back!  She has done such a good job in helping me to recover and understand what my body was going through.  She gave me suggestions of exercises to do at home, but never looked at me sideways if I had not completed every single one.  Each time that I would return for a new visit (which was 3x / wk for a while) she had great new information for me on my unique issues.  She consistently let me know through her actions that she truly cared for my healing and well-being as her patient.  Oh yeah, and don't let her tiny little frame mislead you, this chick has some serious power in her little hands (rock climber in the off-season!) Long story short...she helped me heal my aches & pains in 1 month.  She did not string me along to bleed the insurance companies dry.  She is a hard working doctor with integrity...something to hold onto these days.  I would refer anyone that I know to Dr. Jess, anytime.  She takes almost all forms of insurance and she is a wonderful doctor to have in your "health corner".
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,8/12/2009,216,263,11,15,14>"New Orleens.""Newerlins.""N'awrlins."There we go. Now that I've correctly pronounced the infamous city in which this food type is based, I can go on with my review. When I visited the gigantmo amount of family members I have crawling around New Orleans last year for a wedding, I KNEW that I wanted to fill up on as much authentic cajun cooking as my little stomach (and big eyes) could possibly handle. I basically stood in my auntie's kitchen, held out my arm, and said, "hit me!" I was ready to be a Cajun food junkie. And man, oh, man, did I OD.Fast forward a year, and I find myself at MBC in the little promenade on 82nd. I'm familiar with this area, because it's located next to Karma Cafe, which I frequent. I pop in and find a seat at the bar, where the server is slinging drinks to his regulars. It's comfortable and familiar, and I like the ambiance. It's low key, but definitely NOT what I was expecting when first parking my car (I was anticipating a Subway sandwich-type layout, but it turned out to be more trendy hipster).The ULTIMATE dish: Crawfish, rice, and cornbread. That's what I ate growing up with my cousins, and seeing as to how I find difficulty in finding crawfish at other Portland "cajun" restaurants, MBC gets an extra star for even carrying it. The cornbread was definitely what I was craving and hit. the. spot. The crawfish turned out to be pretty good, but the rice seemed overcooked. With crawfish, something that is VERY important in its preparation is proper seasoning; I can't tell which seasoning this crawfish dish was lacking, but it definitely was lacking something. And I eat rice everyday, so maybe I was being picky about the rice being a tad chewy (which = overcooked), but nonetheless, I was able to eat it.Overall: The fact that MBC offered me a little taste of New Orleans, a pretty good dish (at moderate prices), and a fun atmosphere makes me a fan (and returning customer) of theirs.So yes, the next time I'm feeling the withdrawal pangs of crawfish, I'll definitely come here for my hit.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,8/11/2009,111,14,12,19,19>I absolutely love this place from the ambiance to the food there is never a bad thing i could think of about this place. Ive had breakfast lunch dinner drinks you name it,i loved it. Overall one of my favorite places to go in all of Portland. Im gonna keep this review short because i want to let the hype of this place settle in so that youll go there and see what i am and everyone else is talking about
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,8/10/2009,141,355,20,16,18>Certain things in life simply demand to be smoked:1. Bitches 2. B-B-QAnd yet more often then not, our contemporary culture seems to forget that order must be kept within society and ordered BBQ must be prepared to a certain caliber.  Yet lo and behold Russell Street BBQ manages to break the trend of run of the mill I've come to expect with honest to goodness service, delicious meals, and totally unpretentious atmosphere where things are done right.  The restaurant was absolutely packed on a Saturday night, and it's no wonder.  They offer a huge menu... like where do you even start, there's so much.  You could get Ribs, or Brisket, or Tofu (but watch out, that could land you in the aforementioned category #1 in the wrong company), or my case you could go with Smoked Turkey.  It doesn't disappoint, with just the right amount of sauce, a side of greens, BBQ beans, and cornbread it's impossible to finish the whole thing.  Throw in a beer or a cocktail and you've got yourself set for a tasty meal out with a reasonable price tag.  RSBBQ appears to be a safe haven away from an increasingly commercial culinary scene.  And don't worry about having to watch your back (or stomach)... whatever you decide, it's bound to be cool.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,8/9/2009,276,315,24,14,14>I went to Paddy's to get my Irish on after my 15K Shamrock Run (yeah, I rule!) and thought I'd accompany my predictable Guinness with even more predictable Irish Coffee, balancing things out with some grub.  Sure, nachos ain't necessarily from the Emerald Isle but it-- along with an artfully presented 'cone' of garlic fries-- fit the bill.  But I have a complaint to make and it is this: I can't remember exactly how many Guinnesses and Irish Coffees I had that day, which brings me to a most logical conclusion-- there was definitely 'memory nullification' seasoning in the fries.  Or they could've been in the nachos.  I can't be too sure because 'memory nullification' seasoning tastes suspiciously like salt.  Plus, I think everyone was in on the subterfuge-- from the very helpful, congenial bartenders who graciously agreed to transfer my order to a table I'd snagged soon after ordering from the bar; to the new owners who made a point to stop by our table and chat it up with us; to the friendly servers who, despite being up to the gills with inebriated 'athletes' freshly odoriferous from the morning's physical exertion, came around the table in a timely manner to check on us.In the end, they almost didn't charge me for the two drinks I'd had at the bar and, because of my own altered state, I purposely informed them of this error rather than saving myself ten bucks.  Damn my honesty!  Besides, karma's a bitch, and that's one bitch I don't want knocking down my bathroom stall when I least expect it.Holy caca. I'd just read what I'd written so far, and it sounds like I'm completely drunk while writing it. You'll never know.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,8/8/2009,46,108,8,8,8>If I actually liked those survey things, one of my 25 facts would be that I get better at Scrabble the more I drink. Especially beer. On tap. Tons of it. Rotating local brews. That rotate often. So often, they don't print their menus with every single change. And use something as ephemeral as '80s chalk (grease pen? WTF is that even called?) to display it. (And if you're on Twitter, @baileystaproom will tweet your their latest rotations -- props to Alex O. and Graham B. for that one). This is a fact that makes Bailey's the perfect place for a Scrabble showdown (board included).When I was younger, I imagined myself with a den full of board games, mostly because I'm an only child and never had siblings to play any games with me, so I was obsessed with begging my relatives to play any kind of board game with me. Now, I'm obsessed with making Graham B. and all my friends challenge me. While I still don't have a den now, Bailey's is a more than ideal substitute. It is dimly lit in that hazy autumnal way, with a warm wooden bar as the central feature that wraps the length of the taproom. The wall is sandblasted to expose the (very Portland) brick. The tables, chairs and front chairs and couches are comfortable yet simple. It's really a no-frills-all-about-the-beer kind of place, as they serve no food.  When we inquired, we were told that we could, however, bring food from elsewhere, which I thought was a nice touch.Even though I love eating, Bailey's is not for food (and who has time to eat when you are busy scheming brilliant word plays). It's the place you go after you've scavenged food elsewhere (a delicious homecooked, three-course Valentine's day meal, for instance), and are ready to partake in couples-Scrabble. In fact, that is what me and my full friends did (three couples, gag, right?)  Bailey's had something for everyone, from beer nutz who can identify every aspect of the beer, to less intense Superbowl can-poppers who don't know hops from pop. Be careful, though, if I'm around, as I will drink my weight in sours and Graham and I will drunkenly annihilate you AND your significant other.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2009,8/7/2009,29,66,5,11,7>Wow.  Just...Wow.When people said hot, I thought "Okay, it sounds like its probably a little spicier."  My girlfriend and I went to Baan-Thai with that in mind, assuming that the amount of hot everyone was talking about was the natural exaggeration of the internet.  We were incorrect to think so.  We started with the Fresh Salad Rolls, as I had been craving them.  The rolls were delicious, and the sweeter, spicier sauce was kept separate from the peanut sauce, which was not something I was used to, but good none-the-less.When we ordered my girlfriend got the Pad Kee Mao.  She asked for Medium.  The waitress smiles a little and says "Have you had our medium before?"  No.  "You should start with very mild.  Trust me on this."  My girlfriend says okay, and she gets the very mild Pad Kee Mao.  I order the Pad Thai and ask that they make it a little spicy, and we get some Thai Iced Teas, hoping that any extra spicy in the dishes will be offset by the little bit of dairy in them.  Wrong again.We got our food.  We started on our food.  Neither of us finished our food. While this food was absolutely delicious, it was so spicy that we couldn't finish it.  I got about half way through my food, and my girlfriend got four or five bites in.  Even when we ate leftovers we couldn't do it in one sitting.Learning our lesson, the next time we visited we ordered dishes that did not have stars next to them: Pad See Ew and the special that day, which I can't remember the name of.  This dishes were delicious, very flavorful, and not spicy.Both times we've gone so far we've received polite and quick service.  I can't say the service was fast for the take-out order people who were waiting when we got there and were waiting when we left.Given the location of the business in proximity to our apartment and the high quality of food, we'll definitely be returning, and I may even try working my way up their scale of spicy.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,8/6/2009,758,866,7,17,11>Decarli is now one of my favorite restaurants in Beaverton. It's good to know there is a Pearl style restaurant hiding only minutes away. The interior is very nice with an open view of the kitchen area from the bar which reminded me somewhat of Le Pigeon. I came for happy hour, which is from 4:30 to 6:30 everyday. There were only 5 of us at the bar from 4:30 to 6PM, which allowed for some good stories with the bartender Robert who mixed up some nice drinks and was very professional. Around 7PM, the place got busier with plenty of people coming in for dinner.The drink list consists of around 20 mixes, all around the $8 range. At HH all the drinks are lowered to $5 each. I had three of these, with the highlight being a habanero infused drink with raspberry puree. Each sip contained just enough heat to keep you on edge with the raspberry keeping you from going over.The polenta fries created a flavor explosion in my mouth with the fried polenta tossed with salt combining nicely with the melted butter and gorgonzola dipping sauce. I also tried the mushroom pizza that was larger than I expected at around 10-12 inches. I managed to eat every last delicious bite.Next time, I want to try the mussels for dinner that everyone talks about. Their brunch also sounds like it's worth checking out.Everyone on the westside should give Decarli a try, you won't be disappointed, and you will only need 5-10 minutes to get there.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,8/5/2009,58,49,10,19,9>Allrighty my Yeeps. This may very well (maybe-maybe NOT) be the last review that I write whilst technically a resident of the Oregon... :) Let me just say that Margaret (rad) is amazing (phenomenal). Not only is she completely affordable for repairs ($35 for both), but I'm pretty sure she might be able to walk on water after seeing the miracle she performed on my two most favoritist pairs of jeans. These jeans have been in my closet for a year as unwearable. You know when you've loved a pair of jeans so much that the ass basically disintegrates? Yeah, she can fix that...and you can't even tell it's been fixed. She's that magical. I've been running around in my jeans all week trying to find ways to weave my exuberant feelings into the conversations I have, just so that I can give out her card. Let me tell you that that can be rather awkward when you're basically waiting to work "hey, check out the awesome crotch repair job on my pants" into the dialogue. No shit. But it's that good! Xo & stuff Portlandia-You'll always have my heart, or at least a piece of my bicep.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,12/22/2009,35,130,8,9,8>I don't believe I've owned a comic book since 1981. It was probably Richie Rich or Betty and Veronica, and probably purchased with my allowance pennies at the local Fry's grocery store. Where Small Child got it in her head she wanted a comic book, I don't know! I expected Bridgetown Comics to emit bachelor stink and to have to shield Small Child's eyes from covers showing disembowlments and boobies. However, it was easy to find the small kiddie section and avoid the grown-up covers, plus the place was neat & clean. Small Child found an Avengers Fairy Tale to spend her $2 allowance on and the nice folks working there threw a couple of freebies in the bag for her as well. A totally non-scary/non-smelly experience for people who really have no desire to enter a comic book store, hurray!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2009,12/21/2009,189,522,10,14,12>Today i found a gem that is so wonderful i can't help but love it more that it's on the westside and not in portland where you snobs are! you know who you are always talking trash about what's out here!  What do they have? The best dam muffin in the whole universe! if you don't believe me then i will bring you one and prove it to you! If you feel you have a better one, then you buy me yours and i'll put it up against this one and we'll see you succumb to my powers.. uh i mean the muffin's powers.  ok enough joking around, so i had the rasberry crumb and the cherry cheesecake muffin. You definately know they didn't over stir the batter here being how it's so airy. the sweetened cream cheese i had with it wasn't overbearing sweet but just a nice compliment.  So if you're reading this and i'm not on your friend's list, sorry i'm not bringing you one. The rest of the portland yelpers, if we're meeting up let me know i'll bring you a muffin.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,12/19/2009,70,87,6,12,10>For some reason, true chocolate flavor is hard to find in gelato or ice cream that claims to be chocolate. So often, it is so mild, I don't remember if I ordered chocolate of vanilla. Staccato Gelato is one of the few places that gets it right. Try any of their chocolate based flavors and you will not be disappointed if you are a chocolate freak. They do it up rich and smooth, with not just a hint of chocolate but a full on barrage. I tried the chocolate coconut and the 'Hello Sailor'. Both were outstanding. Coconut is the second best pairing with chocolate, after peanut butter of course, so it was as good as I hoped it would be. The 'Hello Sailor" can be best described as chocolate overload:  The chocolate gelato was infused with various other forms of chocolate chunks, which, I am sorry, I inhaled too quickly to properly catalog the content in my mind. If anyone tries this, please show better restraint than I am capable of and note what this flavor consists of in your review. I can only tell you it was delicious. They also have donuts and some intriguing cookies available. I would very much like to try these things but I limited myself to the gelatto. Speaking of which, these folks have some beautiful flavor combinations and they are good about rotating them. I can't imagine getting something I wouldn't like. They have a nice, open sitting area with plenty of natural light. In addition, the tables outside offer an attractive place to enjoy your flavor. A pleasant and helpful staff, too.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,12/18/2009,43,106,7,13,9>Kurata is my favorite Japanese restaurant in Portland! Solid 5+ stars. The food here is amazing. Every bite is bursting with freshness and yumminess! You don't know the taste of fresh 'till you try their fish. We had the chirashi sushi (donburi style... slices of fish-some being chef's choice- on top of sushi rice) various appetizers like takoyaki and agadashi tofu, and spicy tuna roll. EVERYTHING was excellent. I want to try their omakase next time.The place is extremely cozy, cute, and clean. Mrs. Kurata goes around serving people, and she is so friendly and personable (she's a Korean drama fanatic! Don't get her started haha). Food, Ambiance, Service, Location, Parking, everything was perfect.*EDIT: I forgot to mention the rice... Now, I NEVER pay attention to rice.. I normally don't even eat sushi rice, but there was something great about Kurata's sushi rice...  Yeah, it was that good. You can thank me later with UFC's. :)
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,12/17/2009,109,170,9,12,10>Navarre!  How dare you situate yourself so close to my work!  Furthermore, what business do you have serving such wonderfully simple yet amazingly delicious and addictive food?!  Why, I have half a mind to keep coming back again and again and again, giving you untold dollars of my hard-earned pay!  If you don't change your ways, I might be forced to recommend you highly to many, many other people - friends, family, people I pass on the street......how would you like that, hmm?I'll never understand how you are able to take an already elegant dish like foie gras and actually improve upon it not only in terms of presentation, but taste and texture!  Are you TRYING to make me the happiest foodie in Portland?  Do you get some sort of thrill out of seeing me stuffed to the point of total satiation?  Why, I oughtta give you a big hug from sheer appreciation!It really is wondeful at Navarre...the food is perfectly prepared and served in a dimly lit, cozy cafe setting across from the Laurelhurst theatre that has already established it as a must-eat cultural PDX venue.  The French cheeses, arranged neatly on a wooden serving plank, are the perfect compliment to a loaf of Ken's bread and grassy olive oil...a deceptively filling part of the meal itself.Still, the foie gras was definitely the highlight...silky smooth and served atop lightly toasted bread, it was dashed with cumin and made all the difference between a good snack and a fantastic meal!  Navarre, you have a new devotee - I will be certain to think of you when forced to dine at lesser European restaurants, and even more sure to return to you in the future!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2009,12/15/2009,189,360,7,12,11>Escape from New York Pizza has been in business at this location forever...or least since before I was in high school....and for a restaurant on NW 23rd to last this long you know its because its got to be fantastic.The pizza pretty much lives up to its name - its in the style of the New York pizza I miss so much with a delicious crust (that's not tooooo thick) and the perfect cheese to sauce ratio.  As far as quality goes, their pizza ranks right up there with Portland's Apizza Schools.If you dine in, you'll likely sit at a counter facing the wall of hanging newspapers or if its nice, and you're lucky, you may catch a seat outside at a picnic bench to engage in some quality people-watching.  I enjoy the friendly local vibe of the staff and I love the good pizza.You can buy by the slice or pie - and either way you can't go wrong.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,12/14/2009,302,646,12,20,15>I came here to get some banh mi to go and normally I can eat 2 as a meal so I said "let's order 2 each for us". I looked at the extensive menu on the wall (all in pictures!) and thought "damn, $3.50 for a little sandwich that usually costs less than that? I hope it's good!) So I order 4 sandwiches (there are over 20 varieties, seriously) from the friendly young man at the register and asked him to include more peppers because I love eating banh  mi with lots of jalapenos. After about 10 minutes, the sandwiches were ready and holy crap, they were HUGE! Not like the little (6") sandwiches I'm used to. They looked like a foot long or maybe more and there I was thinking "I think one sandwich is good for a meal, NOT 2!" They were packaged in their own little bread bag  (kinda reminded me of those Quiznos torpedo sandwiches). After seeing the size, I knew that the price was justified. I had one for dinner (the #13--it didn't have liverwurst in it which was strange---though they have it in the #1 which I also ordered) and I almost couldn't finish it but it was really good. The bread (on the bread bag it says that the bread is baked fresh hourly) was nice and soft with a hard, flaky crust. I'd say that if I wanted a good sized sandwich for lunch on the cheap, I'd go  here and skip those $5 sub sandwiches that are popular these days.EDIT: They are quite accommodating for to-go orders because they'll package the pickled carrots, daikon, cilantro and peppers SEPARATELY from the sandwich as to not make it soggy for when you decide to eat it later! How nice is that?
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,12/13/2009,532,371,28,15,16>Powell's SUCKS!Seriously a whole city block of books, PDX only experience, friendly staff, quirky laid back atmosphere, comics, mags, journals, random gifts, maps and coffee....who'd go to a place like that??? Ridiculous.Especially annoying is I can always find exactly what I'm looking for and have a great time doing it. I could easily spend a month straight in here without leaving. I can't stand it. I HATE this place.What were 357 out of 410 reviewers thinking giving Powell's FIVE STARS? (okay you got me I'm #358)
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,12/12/2009,66,161,7,11,10>If I could drink tea every day, I would be very happy. If I could drink tea from here every day, I would be extremely happy! I have been several times and have tried several different options on their main wall menu. Each thing has been very tasty and all things I would go for again. They also have a booklet of all of their other teas. It is conveniently categorized in black teas, white teas, green teas, chai teas, etc. I also look through all the descriptions and of course everything sounds amazing...even the chai teas (too bad I'm allergic). If the booklet is a little too overwhelming then let those behind the counter what you're in the mood for. They will pick out something to fit your need. They can also try to pick out something similar if the one you're wanting is sold out. I love the space the teahouse is in. Everything just seems so comfy and warm. Too bad it can get extremely busy though. They do have quite a bit of seating, different tables with mismatched chairs plus a couple of couches and oversized chairs. It can get really fun to commandeer a couch and overstuffed chair when one of the other chairs in that section is already being used. I'm pretty sure the conversation all of us were having was pretty entertaining to the poor guy, he never saw it coming. There have been a few other times where the Hoot and I have had to just get our tea to go. At least the staff is very accommodating by telling us how long the wait will be for our tea and will come find us to give us our cups. I'm already counting down the days till I can enjoy another fantastic cup of tea...
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,12/10/2009,550,1055,21,15,14>Spring Cleaning...Clean your closet, Wondering what should you do with your old stuff?Trade in your shirts, pants, shoes, purses, and accessories for cash or in store credit at Buffalo Exchange.Their friendly customer service ladies are really helpful and not pushy...I made $12 out of two pair of jeans that won't fit me any longer Not because I gained weight *roll eyes*...they just shrunk...It's not a lot of money, but you can use that $12 for a movie at Baghdad,Waffles at Waffle Window,Beer...Pizza...Dessert...(Now you know why those jeans won't fit me any longer).
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,12/17/2012,376,599,11,15,16>Nope, the month of September did not bring the onset of little limbs dutifully trudging from our home to the schoolyard. We live on the east side, anyway - the kids would have to be pretty directionally-challenged in order to find themselves in Northwest Portland and at Chapman Elementary. And there are no kids because COME ON. Kids would really drag down the proceedings of popping open a bottle of wine (white because it's still warm out, damnit), eating a sandwich, sprawling out on the grass, and bearing witness to the spectacle of thousands of Vaux's swifts making their nightly rounds before settling into the Chapman School chimney.Except rounds is kind of misleading. The swifts spread across the sky in formations that make no sense to a cat lover like me. Sometimes they stream out in a blanket that chokes the whole expanse of dimming blue, then pink, then purple, then black. Then they arrange themselves in a tight, whirling cone directly above the chimney, as if they're trying to siphon something from it. The swifts circle around and around the chimney, like they're still sizing it up before agreeing to roost inside, despite how they've made the same negotiation every September for the last 14 years. And yet so many more race out of the ether to join in the dance. Are birds just natural military brats? How do they all fall into the same rank and file and still accommodate everyone (mostly) with a place to perch for the evening?Maybe sometime in the future, I will bring human kids to take part in the tradition. They'll slide down the hill on cardboard, eat all my snacks, make me feel like a terrible person for taking swigs from my water bottle full of pinot gris as they play and grow too quickly, and they'll barely notice the blanket of birds doing something inexplicable over their heads until a hungry hawk tries to hone in on the action. And I'll hardly remember a time when it was just me, some friends, and a vast and blank sky of future ahead of us all.Good night, summertime.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,12/16/2012,273,418,10,9,8>I SUCK at bikes.Seriously, I don't know crap about them.  I usually learn it the hard way, with a bruise and a "whoopsie-doodle!" and 4 hours of googlin' and youtewbin'.I was having an extremely minor problem with my bike that I had been procrastinating.  Why? Two reasons:1) I was afraid of some Portlandia stereotype making fun of me to no and and making snide remarks (which I probably deserve).2) I was afraid it was going to cost a ridiculous amount of money for how simple my problem is.Well, this took all of 3 minutes, they knew exactly what to do and got right to it.  They didn't even charge me and I then tipped the crap out of them.  Really nice folks!What was my problem?Sorry, too embarrassed.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,12/15/2012,121,1306,9,11,7>I might love the space more than I love the coffee. I definitely love the space. It's gotten to the point where there are so many roasters it makes my head spin trying to keep them all straight. It's also gotten to the point that you can usually find a damn good cup of coffee within a very short walk/drive. I definitely won't turn down Water Ave., but I definitely never find myself in the neighborhood often enough to grab a shot.It was the perfect stop to a pre-Farmer's Market trip, though. I'm glad I've finally been able to try it. We beat the morning rush, but it was definitely getting busier as we waited for our lattes. The baristas make an effort to welcome everyone who steps through the door, and they work quickly to get you your drink without sacrificing quality. No holier-than-thou attitudes with your caffeine. A perfect way to start the day.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,12/14/2012,219,427,18,13,12>Do you like chocolate? If yes, continue.Are you positive you like chocolate? I'm not going to give this info away to those who only dabble in chocolate. Continue.If you were going away to a desert island, is chocolate one of the things you wouldn't want to live without? (Yes I know it will melt silly-stop hating on my hypothetical situation*). Okay proceed. This palace of chocolate heaven is dangerous. .. For your wallet, that is. Be prepared to want everything from local chocolate goodies to the fancier international bars. Buy a truffle, hell, you'll want to buy 10. Do not, I repeat, do not leave without trying their house-made drinking chocolate. I adore their spicy dark chocolate drinking chocolate. My bf liked the chocolate macchiato. Prices are a bit on the high side, but if you are a devout chocolate lover you won't mind paying more for the quality. Go forth and enjoy! Devour it, revel in it, share it, gift it, roll in it**!*For those hating on my hypothetical situation, you could totally have drinking chocolate on a desert island. Did you think of that? DID YOU????**No judgment here
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,12/13/2012,276,315,15,13,15>I must begin this review by saying how saddened I am about having a Salt & Straw location within two blocks from home.I must then follow that statement with ARE YOU FVCKN KIDDING ME?! THERE'S A SALT & STRAW LOCATION WITHIN TWO BLOCKS FROM HOME?!  WOOT!!The NW Portland location is at once too close to be tempting and close enough to be convenient.  Therein lies my quandary.  I know, I know.  It's a good problem to have.Simply put, Salt & Straw is da bomb.  I don't use that phrase often because (a) it's no longer the 90's, and (b) not many places deserve such an accolade.  In fact, I don't know anyone who doesn't love Salt & Straw.  And the handful who don't-- well, let's just say I took care of it so that they won't be bothering anyone else again with their misjudgment.  I mean, there is a legitimate reason behind the long lines-- their stuff is just that good.  Who would think of mixing Honey, Balsamic and Black Pepper into Strawberry Ice Cream, and making it absofvcknlutely delicious?  The folks at Salt & Straw would and did.  It's actually my second favorite flavor of theirs, and I'm not a strawberry ice cream kind of guy.  Remember the Neapolitan Ice Cream that you can buy at Freddy's or Safeway?  I would always eat just the vanilla and chocolate, and leave the strawberry ice cream section for my bawling little sister.  (She cried for no reason most times.)  Now, I can't get enough of it!My all-time favorite, though, is their classic Sea Salt with Caramel Ribbons.  It's a pint-sized nirvana.And, you know what?  Just writing this review has stirred within me a craving for Salt & Straw Ice Cream.Dammit.  (But, in a good way.)
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,12/12/2012,457,244,18,14,13>Why a hot dog and not a hot cat? Feeling philosophical and perhaps a wee bit tipsy, I decided to find out.The top result on Ask (the search engine formerly run by the Butler Jeeves, who was let go after getting caught with Miss Scarlet in the billiard room laying some lead pipe) was a cat video.  Similar searches on other search engines returned the same results.That's right. A cat video.In this particular video, The Cat, is dressed as a hot dog while eating a homemade hot dog.  I find this disturbing on just so many levels.  Are we promoting cannibalism with this video?  Who thinks dressing a cat up as a hot dog is a good use of their time and more importantly what does it do to the cat's psyche? And who the hell makes homemade hot dogs for their cats?And then the million dollar question: Why the sudden obsession with cat videos?Dear world, have we really come to this? Are we a better place because I joined 124,110 others and wasted 42 seconds of my life watching "Cats Enjoy Homemade Hot Dog"? For fuck's sake, the first Internet Cat Video Film Festival was held just last night.  Then I go to read my latest issue of Wired magazine, and there is a featured article on...CAT VIDEOS.  And some cat named Maru (a real cat, not a hip dude). Maru is apparently the most famous feline on the Interwebs.  8.1 million people have watched "Maru gets into a box", while 3.1 million have watched "Maru gets in some boxes". Sequels never do as well as the original. Maru has over 168 million views on You Tube.  He has a greatest hits videos.  Maru has a US book publicist, book editor and a Japanese agent.And I'm sure it won't be long before this rich furry little fucker wants to has my Cheezburger.Fine, but there is no way in hell I'm letting him have my hot dog.Which is why I needed to go to Relish.  Friendly people serving fantastic hot dogs.  Top notch.  What's that? Want to add some onion rings, cheese and bbq sauce to your hot dog? Sounds Puuuuurfect.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,12/11/2012,123,492,14,18,14>Adorable space!  I stopped in this morning for a latte (Stumptown) and some pastries (Nuvrei), and I was not disappointed.  Somehow, however, I *completely* missed that this place is also going to be a bar in the evening hours.  I couldn't keep my eyes off the shiny, new, unopened bottles of St. Germaine that were practically daring me to add them to my morning brew.  Soon, my pretties, soon...I'm looking forward to seeing how this place develops.  It's a bright space, and whoever designed it gets an A+ for their killer combo of bright red and turquoise.Welcome to the mountain, Songbird.  Fly free.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,12/10/2012,95,73,5,5,5>I'm a fan people. Well I'm a fan of just about anything sweet that puts a smile on my face.The place was had a very open and welcoming atmosphere. The lay out was very easy to navigate through. My only complaint is the lack of counter space to order. I felt like I was on top of the people ordering in front of me. The employees were friendly and helped me choose a flavor that suited me. The menu was evenly displayed throughout and there were no surprise charges like some of the other Yelp reviews suggested.I ended up going with the build your own ice cream sandwich. The best idea I've had all week. I had a choice of cookies to choice from and I ended up putting malted vanilla with toffee in the middle of my ice cream sandwich. It was much bigger than I expected. I spent about 20 minutes knocking this baby down. When I was finished I had ice cream all over my face, hands, iPhone, jeans and some on my shirt. All this made me a happy camper.This is the perfect place to take your little one, relative from out of town or the perfect treat for yourself.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,12/9/2012,76,55,10,4,4>I'm lactose intolerant. I don't want to talk about it, but ice cream seems to be the worst for mah belly.With Salt and Straw, I DON'T CARE. Get me the damn Lactaid and I'm off.I have a pint of their experimental foie gras s'mores that they made in collusion (yes, I said collusion -- it's an evil plot, I swear) with OX restaurant. Veal chocolate swirls, toasted foie marshmallows, hazelnut graham. Nuff said.Every bite 'o goodness I've had has been exquisite, enough to make me break my vows to mah belly and belly up to the sample bar for more. A side note please: If the line's out the door, please limit yourself to two samples. We all love you far more for it.The staff is super nice, despite being constantly stuffed with multi-samplers during rush, and they don't blink when I get a kids dish (hey, concessions to mah belly must be made).Forget Voodoo. This is where I take the out-of-towners.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,12/8/2012,187,281,4,9,10>Damn! Somehow I've never been to the eastside location. Somehow it's taken me this long to visit the one in my 'hood. I'm resistant to (though not immune from) writing reviews after a first visit. For example, there's another place in my 'hood i've been to a few times with mixed (but mostly positive) results that I'm still holding off on reviewing. It should gel soon. Bamboo just blew my socks off and I feel compelled to provide a virgen review.First, we were totally served by everyone involved. In particular, our server (Meredith) was exemplary. As newbies we were understandably overwhelmed by their extensive menu. Seeing this, Meredith quickly and efficiently walked us through it a page at a time. She provided her opinions on what was special and (while in no way discounting any item) what was more readily available elsewhere. This was extremely helpful to us (even though I plan to return to partake of some of the more plebeian selections some other time). She did this with such a genuine plesance - bordering on genuine glee - that the conversation was worth the price of admission. Hard to imagine a better server.And what she steered us toward. Best sushi experience of my life. Everything we ate was great. Somethings were beyond great. Won't attempt to go into particulars. If in doubt, turn yourselves over to your server (especially if it's Meredith) and roll with it.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,8/27/2012,301,344,6,13,9>Long gone is the crappy Quizno's that always appeared empty strollin around in the Hollywood District.  While volunteering at the Hollywood  Theater, the projectionist and manager raved about this new deli spot I never heard of before.  Right away I had to check to see what the fuss was about.  I'm pretty picky when it comes to deli sandwiches.  So after my shift was over I walked across the street.  I was warmly greeted by the worker and he let me take my time to look over the menu.  Prices range from $5.50 to $7 for a 6 inch sub.  I opted for the Italian sub with the cheese bread.  After putting half the toppings, it was quickly toasted and the rest of the toppings was layered.  I asked for extra jalapenos and he obliged.  Spring greens were used instead of the bland as hell iceberg lettuce.    $6 plus a tip later I feasted on my sammich.  It was cut in half and I'm"m sure it was bigger than a 6 inch.  Even after being toasted, the flavors remained in tact.  I was able to taste the ham and pepperoni with the hot peppers giving it an extra kick.  I ate in silence as I devoured my meal.  It satisfied me just right. I returned again a week later to try one of their specialty subs.  I got the BBQ chicken with avocado.  I think it was $6.50 or so for the price.  Plenty of chicken and sauce layered with the cheese went to the rotating  toaster.  I asked again for more hot peppers and some veggies to complete the sandwich.  I noticed more meat and toppings were added this time around and definitely for the better.  The wheat bread was a pretty good choice for this particular sammich.  As the BBQ sauce dripped in my hand I barely finished the round.  The bread is definitely baked fresh and was never stale with the 3 times I visited.  Service has always been friendly and they are well accommodating to what you want.   The official opening will be this weekend (06/16/2012) and hours run decent throughout the week.  I'm very glad a new local spot is open in the district and hope it will stick around in the long run!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,8/26/2012,81,88,8,10,7>Judging by the sign alone, this is my kinda joint.HOLY COSMIC BEINGS A GIANT STEAK TWIRLING IN THE AIR SIGN!! That sign alone warrants five stars!The menu it's self was also in the shape of a steak! AHHH!! There is also a FOOD CHALLENGE (I love places with food challenges) which is to eat the biggest steak ever and risk certain death in doing so!  Not many people have succeeded over the years.  My boyfriend was tempted to try, but we didn't have money in the bank to cover him if he failed, so maybe another time.The ambiance was not quite as tacky as I was hoping for, but the sign and menus make up for all!The food was actually pretty good, I wasn't as impressed with the onion rings as I'd hoped to be from reading other's reviews.  I had a filet mignon which was pretty darn good, my mom claimed her steak was as good as the one's she'd just recently had in Texas.  My boyfriend got something that I can't remember but he enjoyed it.  The staff was friendly and warm and funny, so all and all another place I deem radical.  Huzzah!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,8/25/2012,33,135,4,5,5>Arcade games, booze and food that is in close proximity to food carts and voodoo. Need I say more? Well, maybe a little. Arcades have been slowly fading away for the last decade or so, but Ground Kontrol is a shining beacon of hope in a city where arcade's were on their way to becoming a thing of the past. They have an amazing selection of just about every classic arcade game you can think of. The only thing that is missing is Metal Slug and Operation Wolf. Aside from a sticky attack button for Wolverine on the X-Men game, all of the machines are very well maintained and fully operational. I'm not one to review bathrooms all that much, but when they are as cool and clean as this one, how could you not? Damn, that is one sweet themed bathroom. I love this place and I hope to see more like it. They have a great concept and put a new twist on arcade's to make it more appealing to a wider audience. Maybe, just maybe the arcade will make a comeback.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,8/24/2012,61,282,6,12,8>MEAT! This place has tons of it and they know how to serve it! The cuts of meat were unique and most people wouldn't know the areas of the cow they come from, but they have a large chaulk board showing all the corresponding numbers to cuts. The outside and the inside are very different. The outside of the building is very casual with a parking lot right in front. The inside however was very classy with some comfy booths. It felt warm and cozy.Our server had a ton of knowledge about the menu and how the different cuts were being prepped. He gave us some warm baguette slices with a little home made ricotta cheese topped with olive oil. Warm and hearty taste and texture. We had the foi gras appetizer to start off. It was served with buttered bread slices and some nuts. The foi gras was nicely placed over some rhubarb jam. Savory, yet sweet!Main courses included beef brisket served as a large chunk with a lot of juicy fat on the outside. Rich in flavor and the most moist brisket i have ever tasted. The small amount of homemeade BBQ sauce on top really topped off the flavor.pork wrapped in Italian sausage with a fresh corn and bean salad on the side was another dish i am really glad i tried. The pork and sausage had  a great complimentary flavoring. The pork was a little under cooked but they put it back on the grill for a few more minutes and then it was great.They have somelighter choices of salads or fun treats like mussles and fries.The wine seletion could use some improvement. It needs to be extended and upgraded. They just didn' t impress me. I would select some good local pinot gris or noir.Overall the experince was amazing and i would love to come back and try everything on the menu! It all looked mouth watering.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,8/23/2012,258,205,17,9,8>I know you've heard it all before. Le Pigeon is so Le Awesome I want to give it Le Hand Job and Le Blah Blah Blah. Well, you know...it really is that good. What more can I add? Here's all I have to say about it:Reservations on OpenTable = Eazy, fo sheazy.Restaurant.com certificate = Make sure to snap one up on the first of each month!Do your Valentine's Day dining the day before Valentine's Day and you'll have elbow room + no dramazzzzz.Crazy scallop starter with headcheese, chorizo, grated apples, and leek = Fatty, unctuous, rich, tender, juicy, slightly tart, slightly crunchy, and slightly broiled. Ohhhh baaaby!Beef cheek bourguignon = This is the meal I've been waiting for my entire life!!! SO TENDER OMG OMG OMG. With a secret crispy potato slice on teh bottom. I know, so unelegantly said, but CRISPY POTATOES! How did you know I love anything remotely similar to a french fry soaked in booze?! The red wine simmered very nicely with the beef to create a beautiful, rich, deep, dark, amazingly complex, burgundy sauce. I seriously want to bottle that up and pour it on everything. I'm really ghetto, if you can't tell already, and paired it with a $2 Miller High Life. Why, oh why?! An exceptionally poor choice, Jen. A bordeaux probably would have been the better choice. Butter poached pork tenderloin with spatzle and kraut = I enjoyed the pork loin very much, but the spatzle! Like I said earlier, anything remotely related to a french fry...in a light doughy format...lightly fried in lard and/or butter... is absolutely genius! But you know, I'm a sucker for spatzle, so that's just my take.Boy and I were much too stuffed for desserts, but we did get a FOIE GRAS CHOCOLATE at the end of our meal. This tiny little sweet is worth the trip alone.Le Pigeon is an excellent deal for the exceptional quality of the food. Even without a Restaurant.com gift certificate, it blows away similar restaurants in LA and NY and at half the cost. Plus it's probably the sexiest place you can take somebody on a date (when it's not crowded)...beautiful ambiance, soft conversation, terrific food. Sorry to be a total pig again, but I know you're all thinking it...I guarantee if you take Le Date here, you will get Le Laid.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,8/22/2012,265,215,7,13,10>This place is pretty rad. Thai food in general is pretty rad.The cocktail list is creative, but not super inspiring. The wine list is decent--the house wine is remarkably drinkable.The great thing: the food. First of all, it comes out wicked fast. Like faster than you'd think possible, but not fast enough to make you question the quality. And the options! And the quality! I've been several times and tried several different vegan options, but the latest time I went: OH MY. I ordered H.) Tao Hoo Tom Yum: Lightly fried tofu, chili, peanuts, vinegar and bean sprouts, ordered dry (as opposed to soup) and with wide rice noodles. (Also, there were wontons.)Oh. My. Lord. I will probably never order anything else here again. Though the menu is easily veganizable, and the salad rolls will always find their way onto my rotation, the Tao Hoo Tom Yum, served dry, convinced my other 2 dining companions to order the same next time, and will probably be a big enough draw to lure me uphill-via-bike to Mississippi next time I'm craving Thai.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,8/21/2012,52,73,6,9,7>SCRAP is just an amazing place where you can pick up a wide range of art, craft, and office supplies at really reasonable prices.  Materials are organized by section:  Art supplies, containers, fabric, sewing notions, craft, frames, magazines, plastic, metal, paper, office, and wood.  There are also special areas of the store for "just arrived" and "vintage" materials.I've picked up candle stubs to re-melt into new candles, fabric to sew costumes, metal to build sculptures for my garden, containers to sort notions, and so many other things.  It is my first stop when I need craft supplies for a project.  If they don't have what I'm looking for (and sometimes they don't) I know I can pay full price somewhere else.Word to the wise:  If you find something cool and unique, buy it.  The inventory turns over pretty rapidly and there is no guarantee it will be there when you return, even if it is just a couple of hours later.Full disclosure:  I have been a volunteer here for several years, and I have been a customer for close to a decade. I need to submit a review in order to put it on one of my Yelp lists!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,8/20/2012,68,99,4,11,8>Went here yesterday for the first time at my boyfriend's request since his only birthday wish was to have a big bowl of pho.  Luc Lac is serving up ginormous bowls of pho starting at $6.50.  He went for the 3-meat pho and loved it all.I will say this is one of the best happy hour deals I've come across in Portland.  Happy hour runs from 4-7pm daily (except Sundays since that's the one day they are closed).  All happy hours should go til 7pm.  It really should be a law.  Our party of six ordered almost exclusively from the happy hour menu.  Fresh spring rolls, crispy spring rolls, cream cheese wontons, and chicken & pork grilled meat skewers kept arriving at our table in varying intervals.  For at $2 a pop, how can you go wrong?Drink specials were excellent.  $4 house red & white wines, $3 draft beers (good, local drafts - I'm not talking about Bud / Miller / Coors), and $6 for the dealer's choice - essentially the bartender's specialty cocktail for the day.  Last night was a delicious spiced rum concoction with pineapple juice, lime, and ginger.  Pretty awesome!  The other drinks on their menu are rather creative.  The only other one we tried though was the Bo' Say (a rum & avocado smoothie-like concoction with tapioca pearls).  This is definitely a trendy / cool spot to meet people for post-work drinks & eats.  Totally fun to go with a group where you can order a bunch of smaller plates and eat it tapas style.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,8/19/2012,148,236,11,9,10>SANDWICH!Yes, you heard me.  I exclaimed in all caps.  I would've used bold and italics, too, if stuffy 'ol Yelp would let me.  It's that good.  Normally breakfast sandwiches are shitty menu fillers that go by titles like "breakfast sandwich".  Not here, amigo.  You get artfully concocted dishes with tongue in cheek names, served by some seriously chipper sonsobitches.  It's so cool, I posted a picture of the cart on my Facebook account to brag to all my friends in boring cities about how hip my life is.  Can your food cart do all that?I didn't think so.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,8/18/2012,574,765,14,16,12>One of those sit outside days (this time of year, these things must be said out loud), so we plunked down and got to ordering.  Those little plates make me crazy because I have no frame of reference for what will be too much, too little.. and I want most of their menu just so you understand the situation.Started out with one of their french 77s. This drink always makes me feel like I got away with 2 decisions. It has sparkling wine in it and it has gin.. 2 of my favorite alcoholic drinks.Next up, their brussel sprouts. I could eat a million brussel sprouts. These were decent but a little bit of a watery sauce so it took away from the spicing.Got the crawfish etoufee, again, the spicing was pretty bland unfortunately.But, but... we were just told about their special and that's where the 4th star on the universe comes from, oh I mean on my rating.. the blackened to die for salmon. I wished I would have ordered this small plate first because I just would have said bring me another.Of course I was feeling sorry for myself this day and had to have a creme brulee to cheer me up as well as a french 77 to knock it down with.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2008,6/4/2008,53,57,10,8,8>Remember that movie where that guy spends way too much time making a MASHED POTATO MOUNTAIN? You know 'Close Encounters of the Third Kind'? I think they've got him in the back making the food. And some aliens too, as that mashed potato mountain dish they made me is freaking out-of-this-world delicious.Go here with a close friend, or someone who will soon be a "very close friend" as it's quite intimate and charming. It's pretty much like you're been invited to a carefully thought out private at-home dinner, with someone who's a good cook and spent all day getting ingredients at the farmer's market and..... probably wants to get in your pants i.e. a 'Close Encounter with their Third Leg' and you're not opposed to the idea - except well, oh yeah, there's other diners around. But there's no dishes to wash afterwards. Sounds pretty great right? So it's no surprise there's a wait.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2007,6/3/2008,25,33,7,10,8>Because I love you, I'm going to let you in on a little secret...Pacific Breeze.  But this is Portland, you say, we don't tan here.  Boo for tanning.  Yay for Thai food.  $8 will get you soup and a plate of perfect Thai yumminess.  The hot and sour soup leaves something to be desired (too much chicken flavor), but the coconut soup totally makes up for it.  Plus, the fortune cookies have two fortunes instead of one, which means that you get to choose the fortune you like best.  The only downside is that you won't be able to help ordering the same thing over and over again.  Yes, the food really is that good.  My coworkers and I go here for lunch every week and the waitstaff refer to us as #3, #4, #9, #13, and #17.  Make sure to go before the lunch rush (11:30 works out well)...if you go after there's a high chance they'll be out of soup, and that would be sad.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2008,6/2/2008,156,203,17,10,12>I have no idea if this EFNY pizza is related to the two in San Francisco, but it's just as good. The best thing about the place is the owner. He has no tolerance for the average NW23 dickbag. If you're yapping on your phone while in line, you get skipped. If you try to get all fratty with him, you get a glare, like you don't see anywhere but the east coast, that says, "I have no problem busting a chair on your head".Portland needs more of this.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2008,6/1/2008,164,533,6,5,5>Selection = AWESOMEFiddlehead ferns? CheckThai spicy dipping sauce? CheckWonton skins? CheckCheese galore? CheckWines a plenty? CheckI mean what else do you need? Really. They had almost everything I needed for my fried wonton appetizer that I made for a dinner whilst visiting OR. They did not have canned mangos or lychee, but dude, my food still kicked ass. It reminds me of high end markets with stuck up staff, but not. The guy who helped me was awesome and knowledgeable and their produce was top notch. I mean, dang. I fell in love with a friggin market!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,5/31/2008,19,19,3,4,4>Pad Thai Kitchen has fantastic curries! As are the noodle dishes and Tom Kah soup. I think that consistently Pad Thai Kitchen serves amazing food. The staff can be entertaining as well. The owner (I think she is the owner)  is a very interesting person. She sings along with the muzak that is being piped over the speaks in the restaurant. At busy times be ready for her to be a little stressed. She has a fairly small restaurant with very little waiting area for to-go orders and limited parking...if you enter during a very busy time be ready to be seated, or be prompt about putting in your to go order and get out of the way!!! These people are always moving to bring hot food to the tables.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,5/30/2008,58,49,9,10,10>Okay, I'll let you in on a secret because I know you won't drive to Mall 205.  It's hard to find a decent gyro on the east side of the river during the day.  The best gyro in town (in my opinion) is of course at Big Bertha's, but what do you do when it's high noon & you just can't wait until 9pm for lunch?  You go to Ozzie's that's what you do.I know what you're thinking...why not hit up Nicholas?  Because my office is in the Montavilla hood.  Now I know Ya Hala is down the street, but they don't have gyros & a schwarma just ain't gonna do it.  So, on with the actual review.  Ozzie's is a no nonsense little deli with sassy Greek ladies running the line.  There are tons of sandwiches on the menu from.  Everything from subs to deli sandwiches, and my fave- "pocket sandwiches"...the menu is seriously huge.  When I crave a gyro during the daylight hours, this is where I go.  They may not roast their own lamb, but its still damn tasty & cheap.  $5 for a huge gyro $6.45 for the super gyro (which I've never tried cause I can hardly finish the regular gyro!).  I've also tried the Vegi Express sandwich which I absolutely adore.  They even have delicious homemade lentil soup... mmmm.  I've never ever gotten anything I didn't like here.  My only criticism is that they're not more conveniently located... it's a bitch to walk through a strip mall just to get tasty treats.  Not that that's ever stopped me:)
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2008,5/29/2008,141,355,7,9,7>This part of Vancouver oozes sprawl... the typical strip mall and big box stores line driving corridors and are encapsulated by cookie cutter residences... so naturally I was skeptical when I was promised a "fantastic dinner in a really cool place".   We are talking about the same Vancouver right?    But much to my joy of joys Blackstone is an instantly likable place in a quirky, chic, suburban fish out of sprawling water kind of way.   Located in a strip mall, with the dining room overlooking a chevron gas station and parking lot (classy) the place is huge (almost a little too big in my opinion) with a tiered layout and hearth and kitchen flanking either end.  The staff is comprised of seasoned waiters,  a young support staff, and a culinary team that can cook a mean steak, toss a great salad, and prepare a delectable dessert.  Steak and Seafood dishes are traditional cuts with contemporary twists, pastas and salads are a little more down to earth.   It's an acceptable place to take picky eaters or kids... they can find something.     I've had the pleasure of having dinner here about 5 times within the past year and a half, and while a few things have changed, I've come to learn that it's pretty much guaranteed to be a quality experience.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,5/28/2008,192,650,11,10,14>I always thought that the word "succulent" was a way to refer to a piece of meat, a piece of ass or a piece of juicy gossip.Ooooh, not so much.  Ok, well it works for describing the above since the definiiton sort of involves the word "juicy" , but it best describes plants that have thick, fleshy, water-storing leaves or stems.The darling owner of Life + Limb, Molly, clearly has a passion for succulents.  Her East Burnside shop is delicately decorated with rare and carefully selected succulent plants like cacti and sedums.Complimenting the juicy plants are modern pots, vases and a select few design books and of course a very friendly and helfpul owner!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2008,5/27/2008,148,236,20,5,13>I grew up Catholic.  I am a really, REALLY bad Catholic.Kettleman's makes me wish I had grown up Jewish. Then I wouldn't feel so guilty about eating a pastrami bagel on Fridays during Lent.Wait... who am I kidding?  I don't feel guilty.  Never mind.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2008,5/26/2008,52,115,8,5,7>I don't know about you, but for me, drunken Dance Dance Revolution (or DDDR) is a spiritual experience.  If only people would make DDR machines for giants, I'd be set.  I'm always on my tip toes, bashing my tree-like limbs around on the metal bars and kicking the shit out of the monitor.  I take my DDR seriously.  Or maybe I'm just always wasted when I play?  Either way, I could use some more cushion for my pushin.  This is totally an adult version of arcadism.  Beer + video games... now I know what I was missing in middle school.  If only they could incorporate strippers I'd never leave.  I mean I already don't leave when they tell us to.  There's something about Ground Kontrol that magically transforms me into an obnoxious 12 year old again.  I become completely oblivious to my surroundings, and hog the crap out of whatever game I'm playing until people are vehemently offended.  Cuz I keeps it real.All in all this place is delicious.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,11/27/2012,23,54,,14,10>An affogato  is a coffee-based beverage. An Affogato Gelato is a friendly little coffee and gelato shop that just opened in St. Johns. Nate makes a great espresso from the Equator Coffee roasted by his uncle in Eugene. The espresso that I tried was great with a dark roasted chocolate and fruity flavor. I am looking forward to going back for more. You can even buy a bag of the  roasted beans for $8. I assume that giveaway price will go up soon.The Habanero Peach Gelato that I tried was out of this world and just the right amount of heat. All of their gelato is made on site in small batches with local ingredients.When in St. Johns, stop by here. It is worth the trip.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,11/26/2012,61,115,11,9,7>Hello, my name is Lid, also known as The Spicy Vegan, and I have orgasmic reactions to wasabi. *Hi Lid.* It felt good to get that out. Those that have dined at a sushi restaurant with me know the "When Harry Met Sally" type reactions I have to wasabi except I'm not faking.  I could honestly spread wasabi on a Ritz cracker, cover it in ginger, dip it in soy sauce and think it was amazing. I normally stick to avocado rolls at sushi restaurants because really, I just need a vehicle to get wasabi in my mouth. Bamboo sushi had choices, CHOICES, for this wasabi-loving vegan so we pretty much got one of everything. The rolls were amazing! So complex and tasty. I still drowned them in wasabi, ginger and soy sauce but the flavors of the rolls shined through. The PDX roll (I think) was definitely a favorite I will return for time and time again. Props to our awesome server for being knowledgeable about the vegan options and looking out for us. Holla! The space itself is lovely and lends itself well to indulging in a nice dinner. The cocktail menu was impressive and I hear they have a happy hour worth exploring. Exploration scheduled for the near future. As long as they'll give me a fist-sized ball of wasabi to satisfy my needs, I'll be a happy gal. Those dining nearby will likely say, "I'll have what she's having."
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,11/25/2012,113,92,4,7,5>I have to admit, the first time I went to Produce Row I was not a fan.  I was with my new boss and our new team, so I was trying to be on good behavior.  We were crammed into a booth inside, with too many people, the place was crazy loud they were short staffed so the service was troubled at best.  Then I found what I had hoped was the savior of my evening, Bourbon and Beer pairings, sweet mother of baby  jebus, they have beer and bourbon pairings!  It was like a bright light descended from the heavens on to that little section of the menu.  I thought I could get a good shot and a big pint all in one order, get a decent buzz on and not appear to be a total lush to the head honcho.  But alas, imagine my disappointment, when my order came and it was a little beer, a little tiny midget of a beer pour.  Darkness had again inherited the earth.Flash forward to present day (err, present summer), a couple of really good  friends really like this place and want to do happy hour.  I decide to take one for the team and go for it.  On this trip I was introduced to the patio, AHHHHHH  the patio!  Big tables where we can stretch out, get some sunlight, convert some vitamin D and get our drink on.  On this trip (and a couple others this summer) I discovered a couple great things about Produce Row: 1) The beer / whiskey pairings are actually a very well balanced amount of beer and whiskey.  They allow you to get a good mix of the complexities of both drinks without getting overly full and that means you can have multiples!2) They have the cities best corn dog on the happy hour menu.  This is not the corn dog of your youth, mystery meat surrounded by mystery breading, fried in oil that is older than you were.  This is a high quality dog with fresh. awesome batter, fried in what must be a nectar given by the gods.3) The service is pretty awesome when they are running full staff, nice friendly people who just want to get me my bourbon, beer and corn dog as quickly as possible.   So please, go forth and enjoy The Row, just save me a seat on the patio.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,11/24/2012,228,95,6,12,11>My favorite theater in Portland. The movies may not be brand spankin' new, but I'll trade busy opening weekend for pizza and wine with my movie any day. $4 will get you in, the popcorn is reasonably prices, as are drinks. THey sell a variety of beer and wine, and food extends to Flying Pie Pizza, Nathan's hot dogs, and other yummies such as ice cream. They have some sort of babysitting service that goes from Thursday - Sunday for movies starting before 8pm (I think). You need a reservation from what the web site says and it's $7.50 per kid. Not a bad deal if it saves you the hassle of a some nympho babysitter inving her boyfriend over as soon as you leave to watch porn on your computer while Jr. snoozes away in the crib. Ok, maybe that's extreme, but their babysitting service is still pretty handy.Tuesday they have a 2 for 1 special, $2 for 2 people to see any movie. Monday is Double Feature day, any 2 movies (one right after the next) for $6. That's two movies for less than you'd pay for one at a regular theater!There are some cool little places nearby too. Take your lady or man, head down the Stark Strip, and find yourself at this beautifully restored 1940's theater. Could easily make your romantic date night hit a home run....if ya know what I mean!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,11/23/2012,36,138,4,12,8>Absolutely stunning meal, likely the best 3 or 4 dining experiences I have had in town the past year.  (Tabla, Tanuki, Hokusei)  Ordered omakase ($38).  Boxer has not been open that long, but shocked that it was pretty quiet early on a Friday night.  The quality of food is deserving of a packed house in this lovely space.  Superb and attentive, friendly service.  The variety, quality and execution of the omakase was FLAWLESS.  I won't make detailed note of the fish offerings, was too busy oohing and awwing at the freshness and intricate seasoning that took place with each dish.  But it included Kampachi, Kumamoto oyster, sea bream, sockeye, wood mushroom, scallop, arctic char and on and on with beautifully presented and unusually delicious choices.  And yes, I am stuffed.And I am stunned to note that some Yelpers carp about the price-point.   I thought it was a tremendous value for what you get.  Several unusual varieties of seafood not usually seen in town.  They obviously have a rapid and reliable source for their items.  Once again, Portland is swimming in average to mediocre choices for sushi, but with Hokusei and Boxer opening in the last month, that has changed markedly, but the public seems slow to rise to the bait.  Hopefully that will change with time and a few good reviews should alter the equation,  (that is, if the Oregonian can drag their ass away from their mission statement of fruitlessly  obsessing with trying to find equally fine dining in the suburbs, where their reading demographic must be, the only explanation for their desperate obsession.  Not to knock the far west side, but c'mon.)Sorry for the bitterness, but Boxer needs your attention, especially if you are weary of crappily sourced treadmill sushi and cream cheese and fish that has been sitting under the counter for days)Walk in, order the omakase and let Ian at Boxer change your perception of sushi in short order.  5 big, big ol' stars.  Can't wait to return.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,11/22/2012,83,177,4,7,3>Jones Bar has launched! And so far they're doing it right! At this point there is no cover but I suspect there will be one shortly and can only assume it will be the de facto standard at around $10. Drink prices are reasonable. Smoking patio out back with some coverage. Layout is still a little funky so you have to wander a bit. The crowd is a little more.... erhm...."mature" than the early 20's club scene but that didn't stop anyone from having a really good time. Lots and lots of impromptu dancing was happening in every corner. Plenty of parking lots around this building and you should go straight to one of those. Street parking around here is difficult at best and sometimes impossible when the cops close the streets at the end of the night.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,11/21/2012,69,190,14,14,11>Psst... Meat Eaters... come here for a minute. You vegans and vegetarians, scroll past this review and go to the next one. Nothing to see here. I'll wait. Hey! Who here would like a big plate of BEAN SPROUTS? You? The door is that way vegan-buddy! This is a carnivore only conversation!OK, now that the pesky "would you like soy-based garlic aioli with your tofu sticks?" crowd is gone, let me give you the real skinny on this place.It's actually pretty dang good! Keep your scoffing to a minimum... I sure as heck did the first time in. I was fully expecting to go "You expect me to eat... what? That's not food, that's just a bunch of random things thrown together." You know, just like every other Vegan place in existence you've been dragged too by that hot Vegan Stripper you were interested in. Unlike most vegan places though, the menu does not read like a bad joke. You don't find yourself wondering what was being smoked when you try to decipher the menu. You're not going to find food descriptions that need a Dictionary and an intimate knowledge of rare grains that were grown from seeds found in a Pharaoh's tomb. What I'm trying to say is that their food tastes like real food! Not in a "Oh, this portabella mushroom tastes JUST LIKE steak," or "May I have some more tofurkey?" or "Hmm... this "beef" jerky is just awesome!"No, the Buffalo Wings actually taste like Buffalo Wings! Seriously! They even have the right consistency and chewiness! The ranch dip tastes like ranch dip! Yeah! I was surprised too! Any of their "chickin' " dishes are actually pretty good. The Baja Fiesta salad with Chickn' is more then merely edible. Even the "Crab" cake is pretty darn good. Oh... and the carrot cake may just be some of the best cake I've ever eaten. Trust me on this, I've never turned down a cake I met. Now, I will say that the veggie-steak they have isn't quite as close in taste. There is no denying it. But... you should try it. The All American Stack is actually a decent burger. The Carne Asada, actually edible. The El Dorado Style VG-Cheeseburger is five alarms. I suggest you wash it all down with the Pomegranate Green Tea. Sorry, no sodas here unfortunately. But the tea is a more than acceptable substitute. Admittedly not everything on the menu is this way, we're not the target audience after all. You can stay away from the kale and the mashed potatoes, they're both on the weird side. (How you can screw up mashed potatoes is beyond me.) And dodge the tempeh, that stuff should be banned under the Geneva Convention. Other then that, feel free to devour your way through the menu. Don't let your eyes get bigger than your belly. You will not be able to eat a full meal and still leave feeling like sneaking out to McDonald's later. But let's face it, you're not really here to care about the service or the decor. (both nice,) You're here to have a decent meal and to earn points with that Vegan Stripper, or your health and animal conscious significant other. So next time your vegan partner starts complaining about going to your favorite steak house (only the 10th time this month,) promise to make it up to them by coming here.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/20/2012,261,97,1,10,10>Portland cuisine is about eating incredibly well without overspending or complicating the flavor of whats on your plate. Simple is better when it comes to how we dine in Stumptown. Cheese & Crack has taken note by offering what we have enjoyed for most of our lives, a simple cheese and cracker combo but refined with offerings that tickle our mature palettes.  Not only are there the finest cheeses to choose from, there is also seasonal fruits to add a dash of sweet to the tasty savory meats that dance alongside home made crackers that make your mouth water. I was certainly impressed not only by the quality of what I was munching on but also the presentation! Everything comes considerately placed in the cutest little box. It's perfect for a mid day snack or for hitting the park when our sunshine decides its not too shy. I will definitely be back to Cheese & Crack. The cart alone was cute enough to draw me in.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,11/19/2012,645,1150,10,16,13>I'm up and down Belmont all the time, but just never between 12th and 21st, so Roost is off the beaten path and I saw it for the first time today.  Situated in a choice corner location, Roost has lots of window light.  Very comfortable.  I liked the birch tables.  We had a good dinner, each dish exceeding expectations.  The masterpiece of our meal was the squid and watermelon salad. The squid were fresh, cooked perfectly, and served at just the right temperature.  Absolutely delicious.  For a cooling contrast in the dish were wedges of chilled (and good sweet) watermelon. Everything was sprinkled with a bit of basil.We got carried away and asked for a second appetizer:  zucchini fries.  JP thought they might be a bit greasy, but I disagreed and felt they were perfect, that this is how zucchini fries should be.  The rich chive yogurt dipping sauce was tasty and came in a lidded thick glass jar.  JP ordered salad:  half a small lettuce head served with the cut side up and topped with other fresh vegetables including green beans and avocado.  Its light dressing was very good.  Hopefully making this a one last food fling before stopping eating out for a while, I opted for the pan-fried chicken with black olive bread pudding.  The chicken was fabulous - delicious with a hint of sweetness.  The bread pudding reminded me of stuffing, and I loved it.  The pudding's black olives were delicious - a little salty but not pungent.  A light tomato salad came with the dish.JP wanted to order dessert after our server mentioned corn cakes with a sour cream topping.  But this time I toed the line and said we were passing.  I don't want to add this rather little thing - but I shall - next time we're here, I hope we can get water refills.   But on the whole, service was very good.  Absolutely, we will be  back.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/18/2012,466,819,5,8,6>Lovely, lovely spa/salon. Wasn't sure what to expect but made a mani/pedi appointment here on a whim and what a surpise. Was instantly greeted by a very friendly staff and instantly felt at ease. The place overall is small but warm, modern, and cozy. There are lounge chairs, fireplaces, soothing music...and of course, don't forget the wine!It is quite easy to spend a couple of hours here. Do yourself a favor and get a glass of wine...they have a great variety. All the prices are very fair even for a bottle. The house wine is only $5/glass and tastes great. My deluxe pedicure was amazing. Rose petels floating in the water. Excellent leg and foot massage. My toes never looked better! Lots of choices for polish as well. My back fill was nice. A little spendy (didn't realize it would cost $15 extra to get some 'bling' on my nails) but they certainly look good!All in all Comma is a new fave for sure. I would love to come back for a facial or massage...sit and lounge around while drinking wine. The staff here make you feel so welcome. Recommendation: Don't come here if you are looking for a quick service or something inexpensive. For a pedicure and a back fill- including tip I paid $100. It is well worth the money in my book. Treat yourself!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,10/8/2014,10,62,7,5,5>This is a seemingly run of the mill Thai restaurant in a sea of the thousands of Thai restaurants spread throughout Portland. The food is quite good though. I frequented their lunch service on a several day per week basis for about a year and a half. I also found myself stoping by to grab take out for dinner from time to time. Bear in mind that I tend to go to the good places near my office quite a lot because they're reliable and quick until I start to get burnt out. The business is family owned and operated and currently has 2 locations that I know of. The staff are always great and know me personally.  When I venture back that way we always have great chats and reminisce about the days when I was just a bare lipped Portland transplant trying to make it in the Rose city. My favorite dishes are the Pra Ram with tofu or chicken (Joel loves peanut sauce) and the pineapple fried rice with pork and cashews added. As with most Thai places you can choose your spice level. I tend to go for medium to hot (Joel likes his Kung Pao spicy!) but that can actually vary from tasting no spice at all or it's so hot the skin will peel off the roof of your mouth. It depends on who is cooking that day.If you're in the neighborhood check it out!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,10/7/2014,349,547,13,13,16>It was really fun to be able to scoff at the line eternally looping along Alberta, like, look at all those dumbasses waiting forever for expensive ice cream. What do they know about life?Turns out, a lot, because now Salt & Straw has a KILLER vegan ice cream and I'm one of those assholes waiting in that long ass line to get my fix. All the time. Every day. I work on Alberta, and I have had ice cream for lunch more than once, and I am in big, big trouble, you guys.I got to try Salt & Straw once before, when the Chef series featured a vegan coconut-milk ice cream. It was good, but not great. But this new forever (mostly forever, as permanent as anything can be, hey look at me, I guess I'm Buddhist now) flavor is so, so perfect. Creamy coconut milk. Petunia's caramel bars. Burnt caramel sauce. I think there's some chocolate in there, too. Heavenly, amazing, obsessed, can't say enough.There's also a vegan sorbet available this month--raspberry and cucumber. That's very nice and dainty, but real ladies eat coconut caramel ice cream.Despite being very cool and a Portland institution, I have never ever had bad service here, which is awesome. Salt & Straw, you are doing it right.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,10/6/2014,376,599,18,20,16>Pizza from a convenience store? The very thought makes you shake so violently your monocle drops into your mason jar of PBR, right?Too bad so sad. The man making the pizzas was very quick to point out how on the east coast, it's very normal to find good pizza tucked away in the back of stores. It's just how it is. And while the west coast hesitance might make some of the hand-wringers less inclined to try the food at Giants NY Pizza, at least that means there's more pizza for the rest of us. The cook split a simple cheese slice for me and the hubster. One slice cooked in a brick oven, fresh and hot and perfect. It was poetry. So tasty. We ordered a whole pie to bring home immediately after we had gobbled the cheese slice. While we waited for the pie to cook, hubster ordered a garlic knot, and once some of the heat receded, it was a delicious, buttery snack to gnaw on while sitting at one of the two tables. We also used the convenience store function and bought a six pack, although we were told that the owners hope to eventually phase out the store and expand the seating section to make it more of a restaurant.I think the location is a pretty smart one for a modest pizza joint. In the Eastport strip mall across the street, there is fast food and that one big Chinese restaurant. The nearest pizza place in the area is a Domino's, which you can't eat in (not that you should). It'd be a welcome addition. Because, really? This pizza's not to be messed with. The slices are huge, the crust is excellent, and the east coast gets some solid representation over on the east side of the city. We all win. Or I win, anyway.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2014,10/5/2014,106,368,7,14,12>Mumtaz Curry & Kababs is located off West Baseline Road near the Beaverton Costco. Neighboring Mumtaz is a Biscuits Café, an African Halal market, and a Parisian bistro. Wow! Denver, Medina, Paris, and Karachi all in one Beaverton strip mall. Oldsters like me can recall when the Baseline area was just farmland. In those days you were lucky to find a gas station let alone a restaurant!Upon entering Mumtaz Curry & Kababs we were greeted with a handshake by a man with the most beautiful Yorkshire accent. Mumtaz is one of the most hospitable restaurants in town. However, the interior is really quite simple. The restaurant itself has the look and feel of a deli. A long counter with refrigerator cooler cases. The table and chairs are cafeteria like. Mumtaz serves up dishes in paper plates accompanied by plastic utensils. Normally I would deduct a star for that but the hospitality and the quality of the food shoots Mumtaz Curry & Kababs right up to five stars!Our server was a delightful man by the name of Taz. We told Taz that we wanted to try something really "Pakistani." Taz suggested that we try his Lamb Biryani. So glad he did! This brought us a delicious plate of perfectly seasoned basmati rice and lamb. All of the meats at Mumtaz are Halal and they let you chose your level of heat (mild, medium, and hot.) Mumtaz also has some Indian dishes on their menu.Since this was our first time to Mumtaz Taz gave us a sample of their Lamb Kababs. They were outstanding! Taz also comped our drinks (Mango Lassis) and our desserts (Rice Puddings.) The rice puddings were sweet rice sprinkled with pistachios. One of the best desserts we've ever had! Some reviewers have complained about the prices at Mumtaz. We two had a royal Pakistani feast for a little over $20. Haven't been treated this well in years! Pakistani cuisine is savory, delicious, and much underrepresented in the United States. So glad that it's found its way to Portland. May I be one of the first to welcome Mumtaz Curry & Kababs to our international community!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,10/4/2014,123,492,9,15,14>If you want a basket of fresh, piping hot chips and some guacamole, there is nowhere else in town that makes them as good as the Conquistador.  If you want a hazy night you only vaguely remember, then by all means order the third margarita.  Truth be told, you never need more than two drinks here.  They are strong, strong, strong.  The kitchen staff are like magical elves who do something with black beans that makes them the best black beans ever - a little spicy, a little sweet.  Perfect with tequila.  Wait staff is always pleasant and efficient.  They're fine to split bills, start multiple tabs per table, etc.  It's an easy place to go in a group and not have to worry about sorting it all out at the end, when no one is qualified to do the maths.The atmosphere is dark, despite the white walls.  Lighting fixtures provide more ambiance than actual light - and that's exactly what they're going for here.  Even on a hot summer day, there is something kind of perfect about hanging out in this cavernous space.  Though they do have an outdoor patio of you're more of a sun-worshiping conquistador type.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/3/2014,148,708,8,16,15>There is just something about a bundt cake, right? It evokes thoughts of grandmas in aprons, church socials, bake sales, lemonade, summer evenings on the porch sitting in a swing gabbing with your besties or favorite cousins. I bookmarked this place ages ago thinking I'd never get to it. It's in Tualatin in a strip mall after all. But then my kid enrolled in art camp nearby and the birthday of a beloved coworker came up so I made a trip in today on my way to Hillsboro.  The Bundt cakes come in several flavors and four sizes. A petite size like a petit four, a cupcake size,an  8", and 10". They will also stack the bigger two for you if you special order. For $9 they will garnish the pastry with pretty flowers and adorable magnets.I took a 10" red velvet bundt cake  ($31) to my office and it was a major success. I skipped the decorations and put candles in it. It was a confection of tender fluffy cake, chocolate chips, and dreamy cream cheese icing "petals" ( their words for it). The birthday girl was very happy. I think this was a good move on my part and I would get one again. My only critique is this place would do well to serve coffee and slices of cake and have a few tables. It lacks the welcoming bakery feel of a place like Dessert Tray or Beaverton Bakery. The people were friendly enough but wheres my grandma and porch swing??
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,10/2/2014,40,150,1,12,7>From the same people who bring you Insomnia Coffee, the Dapper & Wise tasting room comes onto the coffee scene as the perfect place to try coffee in it's purest form with no frills. They really know how to brew a cup here - when done right, you can really taste the nuances in each roast. They treat coffee brewing as both a science and an art form.I'm the kind of girl who puts cream and sugar in her coffee - or at least I was. Dapper & Wise taught me how to enjoy black coffee. More like forced me to, they don't set out any milk or cream, and only recently put out a small pot of raw sugar. But that's all fine and dandy with me, or else I never would have been able to truly appreciate this beautiful world of third wave coffee.They feature 3 types of coffee and 3 types of espresso beans at any given time. The coffee is made fresh as a pour over so it'll take a second longer than your typical drip coffee. D&W roast their beans in small batches so you know you're getting fresh coffee. I recently bought a 12 oz. bag of beans (the Kenya AA Kigaa) from here and it's been a delight brewing it myself at home! The bags run between $13 and $14, which are a few bucks cheaper than those at similar Portland roasters. I'll keep buying my beans from here.There's something about this place that makes me instantly happier after I leave. Besides the excellent coffee and the nice setup they have, I think it has something to do with the fact that the guys working here are really great. They are passionate and very knowledgeable about their coffee - ask them anything and they'll give you their opinion on their favorite bean, home brewing method, etc. etc.It's hard for a coffee fanatic like myself to find good coffee in the suburbs, so I love that D&W is around now. Definitely check these guys out!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,10/1/2014,86,292,3,6,5>Awesome addition from the folks who own The Painted Lady!We ventured in on a busy Friday opening night, a big deal for our little wine country town.... We don't have a lot to choose from for really good food in Newberg, so this addition was much needed. The only Smokehouse in Newberg! The place is very small, not many tables, but they plan to have an outdoor patio in the back this summer! Bonus!We tried the pulled pork sandwich, ribs, mac n cheese, and beans. The meat was really tasty, the meat fell right off the ribs. And the sandwich was full of meat, topped off with their bbq sauce, it hit the spot! Beans were really good too, but the mac n cheese seemed a bit under seasoned, my only complaint :) They also serve beers by the bottle, and wine by the bottle. Don't leave without getting some of their home made ice cream! The peanut butter chocolate ice cream sandwich was super delish, and the whiskey brownie caramel ice cream was off the hook good! Creamy and full of brownie bites...worth every calorie!I hope these guys stick around for a long time, they have a good thing going on here :)
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,9/30/2014,112,125,2,10,6>going to Nuvrei is always a highly pleasurable trip!If you're seeking warm sandwiches, fresh croissants, food to go, and an array of assorted cookies to pick from -stop looking about, and come here!To Taste:]take a long hard stare at those glamorized croissants in the front case, ...now snap back to reality because you are drooling all over yourself :p Ooh on my first visit here I went a little crazy and ordered six croissants. The tried and true original croissant- was fluffy, buttery and not dry, nor crunchy, twas near perfection, a standard order in my book. That walnut chocolate croissant- a little too sweet for my liking, but tasted exactly like expected, sweet, chocolaty, fluffy, crunchy, and damn good!Read the menu, and keep re-reading, it will take you a while to decide. . . all of their warm breakfast sandwiches make me giddy with excitementThe Ham & Cheese Croissant -with bechamel, swiss cheese, ham, and arugula on a sesame croissant is my favorite! I love warm savory goodness blanketed in a pastry to go bag.. heaven on the run.if you think you have had enough sensory overload, well be warned, there is still a little piece of Nuvrei waiting for you downstairs -where you will fine a kaleidoscope of Parisian macrons, and see the croissant factory, stacks and stacks of tasty, fluffy, goodness. Set Up:]expect metered street parking -it's in the pearl. located up a few stairs in a small shop with little seating along the window bar. Only two small 3 top tables and that is all -not a cozy environment and not enough room to navigate a stroller -think Austin Powers with a stroller- especially if you see a line out the door. place your order at the counter and step aside, not a whole lot of standing room once you place that order, but once it's called, head back to the bar and retrieve your amazing goodies.4 stars:]-although everything is absolutely delicious, and I love everything I have walked out of here with; there's a few reasons why I am not feeling the 5 star review: I've seen people walk off with the wrong coffee in hand, names not clearly announced, people that act clueless about who ordered what... & the made to order coffee drinks run cold -this made us wonder if traditional latte's were supposed to be served lukewarm?  at close to $5 for a small mocha, I would like to be able to drink my glamour coffee hot and without someone else walking out with it on accident.-little to zero seating if you have a stroller or child, so best to just grab and go. head to the park and enjoy.- the shop downstairs doesn't take cards, however they do have an ATM to quickly draw cash out of, however you will have to pay a further service fee.. come on with it, now my macrons cost 3 dollars more and I just wanted 2, sometimes the breaks don't break even.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,9/29/2014,73,149,8,14,15>Oh, Kennedy school, how do I even review you? You made me fall in love with Portland 5 years ago, and thus indirectly, somehow, got me to move all of the way from the east coast to live in the only city I've encountered thus far that is quirky enough to birth a thing just like you.McMenamins has turned into somewhat of an overdone chain, yes. But there are certain elements that remain very magical, and the Kennedy School is one of them.Creepy, quiet hallways lined with weird artwork and old signs, lists of Kennedy Schoolers in WWII, old plane glass windows through which you can peer at the little soaking pool. Quaint hotel rooms scattered through the building with original green chalkboards, icky linoleum, fire pits throughout the courtyard and front entrance. A movie theater with wine and nerdy quizzo on certain Tuesdays. A basement bar full of piping and bizarre fixtures... Dentention full of cigar smoke. Honors full of inpalpable haughtiness. Cypress full of intrigue and whiskey. A distillery, a restaurant, neatly manicured lawns.This is my personal Hogwarts.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,9/14/2009,241,429,29,21,21>This place sets at war two of my basic motivations, the hatred for things intentionally cutesy and really good breakfast food.  The former is, I dunno, a guy thing maybe.  OMG, SO CUTE! just doesn't get anything done for me.  It's certainly not a good business plan.What is a good business plan is giving me french toast made from cinnamon rolls.  I don't think this was "cinnamon roll bread", I think they took a cinnamon roll, hit it with an egg wash, then fried the SOB on a griddle.  Hell.  Yes.Many breakfast joints, especially kitschy joints in small spaces that put things like "Support a small business, use cash!" and prattle about their cage free eggs on the menu usually think that such an admittedly awesome thing would be pretty much a meal in itself.  Bumblekiss, however, adds a bacon and cheddar scramble to this.Wow.Aside from that is a bit spendy for the portion size.  And I do have to protest, why couldn't they have just given me the bacon and the eggs?  I'm not sure why a lot of these smaller breakfast places force you into their scrambles and omlettes. Is it lack of skill, or is it so they can code name menu items instead of, y'know, bacon and God damned eggs.  That always worries me that an order could go something like this:Me: "I'd like two eggs scrambled with bacon and hash browns."Generic Bouncy Waitress: "You mean the 9 Thermidor?"Me: "IT'S EIGHT IN THE MORNING!  I WILL KILL YOU AND EVERYONE IN THIS OVERDECORATED HELLHOLE IF I DON'T GET SOME $%&*^# BACON AND EGGS!"Generic Bouncy Waitress: "So Mister Grumpy wants a 9 Thermidor?"Me: *barehanded murder rampage*
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2008,9/13/2009,187,281,9,16,14>Lucy's Table was one of our first Portland dining experiences, about 3.5 years ago when we were tourists. It was our first pleasure trip to Portland, during which we fell in love with this town and decided to set in motion the steps necessary to move here. My recollection of that first visit to Lucy's is not crystal clear but I know it was one of the highlights. We've been back for dinner a couple of times but not recently - not sure why. We've been for "social" hour a couple of times more recently, so this review pertains mostly to these experiences.Most recently, started out with a delicious negroni (not a "social" hour special, but that's what I wanted). Followed that with a few food specials: beet and goat cheese salad, pomegranate glazed baby back ribs, grilled prosciutto-wrapped asparagus, with a $4 glass of Cab that was quite nice. Ronda had a shrimp salad (served in a fried won ton basket) and wild boar raviolis. All were very good. I consider the size of these dishes small, but the price is right and that way you can try more things.Service was prompt and friendly. The atmosphere in the bar area is welcoming - a sort of feeling of camaraderie pervades the room. A good, solid four star experience.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,9/12/2009,126,304,13,11,12>This is my glory hole. Yes, I just used the words glory hole to describe a waffle place. But, I don't think you understand. It's not just a waffle. It's the most orgasmic, drool inducing, light headed just from the thought waffle you'll ever have. Ever since my Lake Tahoe snowboard trip, I've longed for those sweet buttery street belgian waffles at Heavenly. Sitting curled up next to the fire pit, crunching on a waffle, sipping on a hot spiked drink in the snow. Every time I passed this place it was closed. I had genuinely thought of leaving work early one day to try this place, but I finally caught it on the weekend. The awk/weird guy at the window forgot I had already paid & our order. My friend said he did that when he was his server at Bread & Ink too. I got the pumpkin pie waffle & my friend got the pear nutella. Both were O status. The pumpkin pie waffle was just like the description. Crustless pumpkin pie on top of the pearl sugar waffle (aka: Liege waffle) with whipped cream & caramel. The caramel soaked into the little crevices of the tender buttery eggy waffle. The creamy pie filling was crazy good with the caramelized crispy crust. Who needs pie crust when you can have a waffle instead. The pear was also a great refreshing contrast to the nutella and caramel on my friend's. I've also had "Falling Leaves," which is a chocolate dipped waffle with pears, raspberries, and whipped cream. It was also talk-with-your-mouth-full-to-say-OMG good. See O-inducing pics... So, no When Harry Met Sally restaurant fake O moment here (emphasis on fake), but yes, I will have what she's having.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,9/11/2009,376,599,34,30,27>Call me old or call me slow, but I think a lot of things would be better if they were broken into their main parts. Sometimes, all the extraneous details just make the information harder to process. Like Gloria Estefan once said, "The words get in the way." And Gloria Estefan does not mess around. Here are some examples:How was your day, dear? Work Drink Foot Massage?What is your five year plan? Books Music DrinkWhat should we eat for lunch? Meat Cheese BreadSo handy that the little place on Stark provides all the above options along with a few neato extras, such as the breakfast burrito. I don't think a tortilla really counts as bread, even if it's made out of flour, but you need it to hold in the gooey cheddar and eggy-weggs. I would have preferred the salsa to give me a harder punch in mouth, but it also had pieces of bacon so my mouth could not complain. Mouth too full.There were also brownies and fancy-pants candies, including a very tempting bacon and maple chocolate. Now I wish I had picked it up anyway. How did I pass up chocolate and bacon? That's like if someone offered me a foot rub after cleaning out the litterbox, and I was like, "Nah I'm good." Me? Stupid stupid stupidIt's not like there's any dearth of sandwich shops all over the eastside, but I'll return to this one. Their bacon sandwich comes with beets. Throw in a beer with that, and that's another three-B goodie Gloria and I can get behind.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,9/10/2009,38,82,10,12,10>Definitely a gut bomb if you get a big burger.Other posters are spot on, the beef is small.  That's why you order *MINIMUM* a double with cheese (and bacon).  It looks huge, but it has a lot of filler.  It's greasy and you won't stay hungry.  On a scale:Fast Food Trash -----  Wendy's, because it's not fast food, it's Wendy's ----- Humdinger ----- Staniches ----- Higgens $10 burger ----- Maiden Kobe Blue Cheese#!@#!!!Always get the tots.  Milkshakes are of the full-fat variety here, according to both my taste buds and the gentleman behind the counter.  Small Chocolate + Chunky Peanut Butter for the win.They just installed a new slushy machine, but he was telling me it takes 10mins to make just one (wtf?).  I got a free sample and it was ok.  I'd stick with a Cherry ICEE at a movie theater or Circle K.Anyway, the guy at the shop did card and coin tricks for us.  Plus, they show Everybody Loves Raymond on their 12" TV @ 6pm.  Not that I'm really a fan of that show.  On a scale:Sitcom Trash ---- Ren and Stimpy, because it's not a sitcom, it's Ren and Stimpy ----- EBLR ----- Friends ----- Roseanne ----- Seinfeld!#%##!Cash only, they lose so much business for this.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,9/9/2009,265,215,13,14,13>A few choice words:* All vegan, all the time* Cult-ish, literally* Big portions* Left-overs!* Long wait for food, always worth it* Greasy & proteiny* Please more veggies!*Lunch buffet * All vegan, all the time!
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,9/8/2009,122,144,15,18,19>After reading previous reviews I wasn't sure what to expect:A.  "heaps of hipsters"  (James M. says hipsterdom is over anyway:  adbusters.org/magazine/7)B. "strong drinks"  (duh, you had me at "drink.")C. "sketch service"  (it's a bar... every place has a rough night.)D. "scandinavian aesthetic"  (I think my affection for gravlax has been previously noted.)E. "stinky furniture"  (ew.)This place was alright.  The seating area in front was ideal for a small group, and I like the decor, (save the bright light shining in from the coffee shop next door... that kinda sucks.)  The drinks were okay, but inconsistent.  I ordered an aquavito (aquavit with lots of lime and a few other things) and a mojito, which seemed unbearably girly for a cocktail bar, but whatever.  Plus side, neither was particularly sweet.  A friend ordered a bourbon ginger however, and it was weirdly sparkly... soda water?  seriously?Service was great though, and an all-around enjoyable time.  Will try again soon.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2008,9/7/2009,52,115,12,8,7>God, this place is hilarious.  The department that I work for has a yearly Holiday Event and this year someone came up with the genius idea of going to Ashiyu so we could soak our feet in tubs of hot water.  Merry Christmas!  Because nothing says Christmas like... bubbling hot water.The lady behind the counter was nice enough and constantly dealt with my mild forms of naysaying and loud pitched giggling due to the jet streams of water that propelled rocks between my toes, causing me to giggle like a middle school girl.  The pizza place across the street was absolutely delightful and were accomodating enough to deliver our food to us while we were getting our foot soak on.  After some food in my belly, and some steamy water action, I was actually feeling quite relaxed.  It kind of made me wish my entire body was submerged in a hot tub, but who the fuck goes hottubbing with their entire department?  Wait a second who the fuck goes foot soaking with their entire department?  I know my work peeps do!If you do go to Ashiyu make sure you get a mini-pedicure so you can avoid people giving you some hardcore side eyes... granny feet are offensive.The end.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,9/6/2009,240,523,11,9,9>I came in during a happy hour and left happy. The happy hour menu is well proportioned for a snack. Nicely arranged. Gourmet? Perhaps. I love munching on the pomme frittes. It is garlicy. Or it could be the aoli. Eitherway, it is good. I didn't dare try the other offerings cause drinking and eating doesn't really do good for my tummy. A little grease to set my stomach at peace is enough. Gulp on their Moscow Mule. It is on the stiff side and there could be some ginger fiber mixed with it. I wish it was served in a taller copper cup. A pimp cup would be awesome. The copper cup definitely matches their rich and artsy decor. But a pimp cup would raise them to "bling"dom.  Yeah, what is with the egg crate foam? I thought someone was playing with my knees under the table. You are very much welcome to bring in your manners inside. Raise your pinkies while sipping your bubblies and exchanging pleasantries. LOLS.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,9/5/2009,113,108,13,14,12>So, I've passed this store a couple of times and thought it looked like a fun little tiny shop with Christmas ornaments available year-round. I figured they'd have ornaments with different themes for all the collectors and hobbyists that we know and love. Over the past few years all tries to shop here were met with either groans from Sam, hard-to-find parking and shuttered doors. "What, closed at a ridiculously late hour on a Sunday?!" Also, since we don't believe in Christmas, it didn't seem like the most-best place for us to shop, you know.Wow! I was pleasantly surprised when we finally* got a chance to shop here! Sure they have a dozen or more trees filled with themed ornaments from the normal (animals, local football teams, snowflakes) to the bizarre (a Halloween themed tree, a I-could-be-offended-by-this-but-I'm-having-a-good-­time-so-I'll-just-pretend-to-ignore-it Asian themed tree complete with blown glass figures sitting in lotus position... hey, isn't that a Buddhist icon?). "Hey, is that the Grinch? No? Oh, it's just a furry-footed, three-armed alien? Cool!" They also have collector-grade items in glass cases.But wait, there's more! Shelves upon shelves of stuffed animals greeted us as we turned the corner. "Ooh, is that a bandicoot? No, it's a bilby!" *gasp* "Ooh, a sugar glider!" *gasp* "... a sea dragon!" *gasp* "Did you see this aardvark?" *gasp* "Look, look, there are 3 different armadillos!" We debated getting the sea dragon, but settled on a machine washable octopus that was sooo soft!Delving deeper we found giant animals - a 7-foot tall bear next to an even taller giraffe and a 5-foot tall emu. "Look up there: a pride of lions!" Then there was their Steiff collection. Wow! Even more amazing than the vast number (three sets of shelves and a glass case full) was the fact that some were 25% and even 50% off! Craziness.There were more high-end collectible dolls that I didn't recognize... but was in total awe at how many things were arranged neatly. Also, the store seemed surprisingly navigable despite all the breakable things. I did end up clutching my purse to me so that it wouldn't swing into a tree full of glass ornaments, but other than that, I felt very free to walk around and look without (too much) fear.As we approached what we thought was the back of the store to pay for our spotted octopus, we found two more sections of merchandise! More ornaments and more animals. Also there was a small, but extremely varied, section of nutcrackers that included a set of Wizard of Oz themed ones. Below that were more decorations and some card sets.There was one more back room that was filled with more plush animals. There were two rounders of hand puppets, shelves of ponies, a handful of dragons and some lovely Gund bears that reminded me of my childhood. There were also kitties and puppies for sale (no, not real ones, silly!)As we went to pay, there were even more delights! Behind the counter were 3-foot tall bears wearing costumes from different musicals. There was Cosette from Les Miserables, Elphaba from Wicked and even a couple of cats from Cats! I don't know what they were for (we had to hurry off*) but they had little cards with information and I think there was a designer's name printed on a sign. Maybe there were for a charity auction?Well, this was a wonderfully nice store to browse around and we will definitely be back - for browsing and for buying! I'm definitely getting stuffed animals for next year's Winter Hawks Teddy Bear Toss here! (^_^) *We had some time to kill between work and a Blazers game so we went to Ben & Jerry's and then walked down here but only(!) had about half-an-hour to browse.P.S. The service was great. Two older women were working. One of them came out to the front and welcomed us as soon as we came in and offered her help should we need it. They smiled indulgently when we came toward the checkout counter and saw that there was twice the space in the store than we thought. And they chatted to each other and another patron when they saw that we were still browsing. I think the lady checking us out also told us to enjoy our octopus. A+!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,5/11/2014,36,57,11,7,5>I was in the neighborhood the other day after taking my dog to the vet and stopped in at the Glisan Burger Barn for some take out.  I got there just as they were opening up and was promptly helped (counter order) with a friendly gentleman who was the chef.  They have the very easy to use iPad exchange where you sign on the iPad and add tip, email or text you a receipt, big fan.  In and out in less than 10 minutes.I had to run a quick errand on our way home and walking out the the car I had a sinking feeling, you know the kind, like when you are having a heart attack...I should mention that I had taken my dog in for some GI issues, well she didn't have any trouble inhaling and I do mean inhaling my whole burger.  She is a little bit of a picky eater and left the lettuce and tomato alone.  The fries...she just didn't have time, poor girl.  I was livid to say the least and she just sat in the back seat trying not to make too much noise as she was licking her lips from all the awesome sauce that she was so hastily busted getting into.Pissed off I was but, I was not going to be denied my burger needs.  I called in a to-go order for my second Black and Blue Cheeseburger and let us just say that she didn't help me with the second round.  The chef crushed my burger, in a good way!  Perfectly done, real pieces of bacon and a hearty bun.  As many reviews already spout off about the Blue Cheese Pecan Spread, I'll just say that my dog loves that shit too!  The fries were above par in my book helped along with a really fantastic dipping sauce (mayo, ranch, hot sauce?)!  Only reason for losing a star, the second round of fries that I got didn't have any seasoning on them and in my book that's a cardinal sin.Will I be back, without a doubt.  Anybody want a dog, real cheap...
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2013,5/10/2014,327,281,4,4,4>Everyone told me, go to Wongs KingI finally got to gofor yummy tasty Chinese foodI am a giant ho!Yum yum, lick it upit's so spicyyum, yum, lick it upit's so sweetyum, yum, lick it upit's so tastyyum, yum, lick it upit's my fave treat!Forget dim sum!  I want the greasy stuff!So....the crab rangoon were not the best I've ever had, but they were very good and contained actual crabmeat/imitation crabmeat, i.e., something besides cream cheese. For my entree, I ordered the five flavor chicken, which I've never seen on a menu before.  It's fried and did have a terrific flavor, upon first biting into it, the dish has a maple type of taste that then evolves into flavors of sweet orange and a slight spiciness.  I'm thinking they might use Chinese five spice powder. My friend's beef and scallops came in a super delicious sauce with lots of veggies, a healthier choice and still quite good. I kept drinking their hot tea and feeling really good.  I looked at my friend and said, "what do they put in their tea?"But who cares?  I had a blast!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,5/9/2014,69,155,3,7,4>Our new house is in a dead zone when it comes to food delivery. Like pizza...that's just not OK. Grub Hub will deliver two restaurants to us. When I was in Bamboo Grill last night I picked up a flyer and was intrigued by Delivered Dish. Because I'm a food stalker, I was excited to see the restaurants that were available. There are literally thirty to forty restaurants for me to choose from! I was a happy girl. I'm not feeling well today and didn't want to make dinner and the Manfolk was wanting some real food. Hello DD!I ordered online and selected Lil Cooperstown. I'm guesting that they used the West Linn location but I'm not sure. We had the shrimp Alfredo and the French Dip with tots. DD was here when they said they would be. Easy to pay online while you order. The driver was nice and our food was piping hot. Even though DD didn't prepare the food, I was impressed by the service they provide for a reasonable delivery fee (which varies from restaurant to restaurant). I'm sure that I will be a regular customer!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,5/8/2014,86,225,8,14,8>**Amy & Claire, this one is for you...**As the self proclaimed pizza aficionado, my counterpart and I ventured here for dinner last night.  Fearful we were, because the place looked packed to the brim.  However, we didn't have to wait - go figure?!  We had a lovely table, with a small lit candle, by a window.  FYI, we arrived a little after 7 p.m. and left a little before 8 (and yes, by this time there was a long wait, a piece of me felt giddy on the inside...queue the evil laugh, muahaha...) Now let's get down to business.  Service, kinda lame if you ask me.  When I go out to eat, despite the place and or location I like to feel taken care of and this not the case, hence no 5 stars.  All in all, 3 stars for service.  Ok, now the food, overall 4 stars.  Call me crazy, but I actually like it when my pizza is a little burnt around the edges, but dayuum I wasn't expecting it to be this charred.  It was still great nonetheless, but I can totally see how others would not appreciate their pizza overdone like this.  I ordered the New Yorker - tomato sauce (which is delectable and full of flavor, yay!), provolone cheese, and oregano.  My better half had the Margherita with arugula.  Out of the two, the Marghertia with arugula is where it's at!  It is so full of flavor, especially with the basil and various herbs and spices.  Mine; while it was tasty, the only thing that really stood out was the provolone.  Now, if these two pizzas magically conceived a pizza baby...that would be the epitome of the perfect pizza. So, would I come back? Been there done that, on to the next.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,5/7/2014,194,364,7,14,15>Blue Star makes the best donuts in Portland.  Everything they offer is made in small batches, with local and fresh ingredients to maximize the flavor and quality control.Not only that they are CREATIVE!  Donuts like the hard cider apple fritters, blueberry/bourbon/basil, Meyer Lemon curd with meringue, and several others have seriously blown my tastebuds on more than one occasion.  The only downside is that quality doesn't come cheap.  Expect to pay $2.50-3 for each doughy masterpiece, and there are no discounts for buying in bulk.  Cost aside, I love everything else about Blue Star.Caution: since they make such small/limited batches, they close when they sellout! On a busy weekend be sure to get there in the morning to guarantee you won't find locked doors upon arriving!  For this reason I'm actually really glad the tourists keep lining up at Voodoo, leaving all the more Blue Star's to myself!!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,5/6/2014,21,102,12,17,16>The parents that run this school are the most involved I have seen.  They make sure the children are offered the best preschool experience possible.  What impresses me is that as a co-op you can involve yourself as little or as much as you want.  I have been privileged with the opportunity to work inside the classroom with the students.  The teacher is very professional and caring.  The thought she puts into her class curriculum is just awesome.The tuition to this school is amazing.  For $150 a month only!  You cannot beat that as some of the insanely expensive schools such as Montessori can run upwards of $1000+ a month.  That is crazy.  The classroom is quite large for a preschool.  You could easily separate the room up into two classrooms if not three.Classroom activities include and are not limited to painting, singing, dancing, toys, building blocks, science and story time.  There is actually a small Nature Trail just behind the school.  It winds slowly down a small slope to a pond.  Near the shore there is a Honey Bee box for everyone to look at.  It is very interesting.  The playground is perfect for the kids.  It offers two different structures have a slide.  The kids love it!I have been sending my daughter here since the beginning of the school year.  She has grown and thrived with them ever since.  I'll be sad when she finally moves up to Kindergarten as she has had such a wonderful time here.  Lots of kids don't look forward to school.  But she always asks when she gets to go back and she really doesn't like that she has to way an entire weekend before Monday comes back around..They even have their own T-Shirt!  I love it.  MPCO FTW!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,5/5/2014,128,53,6,9,7>Oh snap!  This place is legit!  Don't be scared by the exterior, sit down, put up with the possibly strange, somewhat rude service, and eat.  After the first piece of food hits your lips you'll stop trying to look and see if the kitchen is clean or not.  You won't care.  It's that good.Also this is a late night eating spot.  So after the other restaurants close this place is still rocking it.I'm very picky about my kimchi.  This was delicious.  everything we ordered was.  The first round is about 9 small plates to snack on while you wait for your food.  We ordered the pork belly and seafood pancake and some soup.  All of it was impressively tasty.  every dish, every bite.  My friend and I waddled out of there Thanksgiving status stuffed.  On food I think we spent $25 or so.  I don't remember, we also had 4 bottles of cold Saki and started getting sideways looks from our server who was 75; both in years and lbs.  We understood her concern, and let her mother us until she felt we could close out our tab and walk out.Ya, good for a date if you are trying to build street cred.  Not a place to take an un-adventurous mom, or someone with food anxiety.  Not a scene that will impress until the food is eaten.  But the food is sooooooo impressively good.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2014,5/4/2014,147,166,13,17,14>I have such a lady boner for any bar that requires a hike up the stairs or to a secluded back room before you find said bar.Really, I do. I can feel my "socialite exclusivity" points climbing more and more with each hike up the steps, or the darker and further I have to walk into the actual business to access the bar. There are very few spots in town that can claim this. The Rookery Bar at Raven and Rose is definitely one of them.DISCLAIMER: I've never actually eaten at the downstairs restaurant, which is technically R&R. The Rookery Bar is upstairs and if you didn't know what you were looking for, you wouldn't even know its there. SEE? You automatically feel a little more hip and exclusive just by my mention of that.The cocktails are perfectly crafted and carefully prepared. I'm talking, crystal decanters, a full pitcher of ice, a swirly spoon, a citrus zest, a match to flame the citrus zest to extract a truly unique flavor, a large block of scotch ice, two different kinds of bitters (one was spritzed in--yes, spritzed), and a top shelf whiskey. That was the entire process for JUST MY DRINK. a Bulleit old fashioned. The service is particularly fantastic if you sit at the bar. The bartenders are totally a walking Portlandia episode waiting to happen, but I don't care. It's a beautiful historic landmark of a building that was converted into a rustic-chic bar that actually makes sports and game day activities a priority. ^^ARE YOU SERIOUS. A chic bar in an old Portland building that combines craft cocktails with activities centered around watching sports, and it's all served up unpretentiously? You can just stick that social fork in me because I'm done; I found my new upscale bar haunt.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,5/3/2014,98,273,10,9,12>Statement #1:  I love ice cream.Statement #2:  I haven't had ice cream in a year and a half.  I know those two statements are horribly incongruous.  So when my doc told me I could go off the therapeutic diet for two weeks, Salt & Straw was absolutely the first dessert stop.  And ya know, it completely lives up to the hype.  It's an adorable and cozy spot.  By cozy I mean small, it would be nice if there was more seating but whatever.  The very friendly employees are generous with the tastings as you're making your decision.  I ended up with Strawberry Honey Balsamic w/ black pepper (I thought it tasted like strawberry cheesecake in the best possible way but the black pepper didn't come through so much) and the salted carmel (Incredible).  Any words I write just won't do their ice cream justice - it's amazing!  I wanted to leave my friends, go off in the corner and have an intimate little moment with my ice cream - it was that kind of experience.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,5/2/2014,227,412,5,10,12>Andina had been on my bookmarks for about six months now. It wasn't until our anniversary that we were finally able to make it out there. Oh my, more than 1250 reviews aren't wrong; this place is amazing! If you've been to Andina before, just bear with me. My review (as they always tend to be) is going to be exactly how I'd be telling a friend who's never been here about it . . . We had a reservation, so it only took a few minutes for us to be seated, but this place was super packed. There were several people hanging around and although I'm not sure, they looked like they were waiting for an open table. Once we were seated our amazing nice server for the evening, David (check yourself, pronounce his name correctly: Dah-veed) brought out drink menus. We order a pitcher of red Sangria which was perfectly fruity and smooth. I LOVED it and may or may not have had a bit too much before it hit me. Oopsie. The complimentary starter is a basket of quinoa studded bread with a trio of salsas: a peanut salsa, a passion fruit salsa, and a jalapeño, mint, cilantro salsa (from mild to hot). Each had such a unique taste, I loved them! My favorite, though was the passion fruit salsa with it's sweet, tangy and spicy flavor. We also ordered quesos artesanos which are a trio of cheeses with membrillo (quince) paste and spanish almonds. For our entrees, I had the lomo saltado (beef tenders with onion, tomato and some delicious sauce served with rice and potatoes) and my husband had the seco a la norteña (lamb shank served with beans and rice). It wouldn't be fair to try to describe the food. I just wouldn't do it justice. It's amazing, but you have to try it for yourself. After the main course, my husband really wanted to try their dessert. I didn't think I could handle it, but decided to share with him. When we made the reservation, it asks for notes and we wrote that we were celebrating our anniversary. We ordered the chocolate andino which is a quinoa flour brownie with pineapple sauce and candied pineapple. I was surprised that our dessert plate came out with Feliz Anniversario written in chocolate. (everybody say awwww) It was almost too pretty to eat. Almost. Oh. My. Decadent. Chocolate. God. It was sooooo good! Our server David was attentive and really nice throughout our dinner. He was available and helpful and just overall friendly. The service was great, the food was great, the atmosphere was great, of course I'd come again. Oh, Andina, I think I just found my go-to for special occasions!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,1/31/2011,276,315,8,15,10>Walked in to a chaotic place. It was mid-morning on a beautiful Saturday, and I-- along with a sleepy Nob Hill crowd-- had but one thing on our minds: breakfast.Boy, did the Stepping Stone Cafe deliver in that regard.  And because I've lately been judging breakfast joints on the quality of their chicken fried steak (if they offer it), it was what I naturally was drawn to.  When it arrived, I swear that I suffered a mild stroke. It was beautifully plated and was a feast for the eyes inasmuch as for my salivating mouth. The steak was tasty and crispy; the gravy was adequately chunky and had just the right mixture and amount of spices; and I don't think I've ever seen a more perfect pair of eggs over easy.The only downsides, which did not warrant my docking the place a star, was the breakfast potatoes were a little on the bland side.  Perhaps that was on purpose so as not to steal any thunder from the stars on the plate, but I truly wish it had a bit more flavor to them.  But it was nothing a few sprinkles of NaCl couldn't fix. (That's 'salt' to the non-Geeks.)Service was mellow and approachable, as if you were stepping into someone's home, although thankfully not in that creepy Bed-and-Breakfast kind of way. I wouldn't dock them any points either for allowing me to sit at a table that hadn't been bussed of the previous occupants' dishes. I was just lucky I could get in. No sooner had I snagged that table did about seven other parties of would-be diners begin filling the wait list clipboard.I like this joint. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,1/30/2011,131,132,10,10,12>Dear Steel Bridge, Thank you for representing everything that Portland means to me.  You are punk rock, practical, offer great perspective and while you may not be what others consider the most attractive, because you offer so much, you are invaluable and therefore Gorgeous to me.  Also you're not safest feeling bridge to walk across but I like going beneath you and riding my bike over and ringing the bell on my bike to let the pedestrians "on your left!"  Thanks Steel Bridge. thanks for not being a rickety Sellwood Bridge that scares the hell out of me too!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,1/29/2011,147,332,4,11,9>I just spent a remarkable evening listening to live Jazz in an intimate setting. Modern space, good acoustics, fantastic musicians. Andre St. James on Bass, John Keyser on guitar and the venerable Dick Berk on drums. I was blown away, seriously, blown away!This is the bar at the Aloft Hotel at Cascade Station. I often go see Andre at Doc George's on Saturday nights but, the S.U. was out of town and I'd heard about this regular Wednesday night gig and took the opportunity to go over and check it out. WOW! What a great space.The musicians are top notch players. They were joined (impromptu?) by a new sax player, recently arrived from Sweden named Catarina.  A hotel guest from NC (?) sat in the bar and she was going nuts!!  "Who are these guys?? This is incredible!! I'd drive 50 miles and pay $100 to hear jazz of this quality!!" She's correct. Random airport hotel bar and she scored!There's a pool table, sitting spaces away from the bar and music where you could hear everything but be a bit out of the crowd. It's right near the Cascade Station MAX stop if you want to get your drink on.Really impressed by the venue and the music.  Like live Jazz? Check out the website. No cover, throw $5-10 in the jar.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,1/28/2011,135,161,8,14,13>So, there comes a time when you have "the talk" with your significant other and you decide you want to get married. Therefore, JG is now my fiancé and I am his fianceé. YAY!!! We were able to pick out a ring with help from my father, the only problem is I needed it sized up quite a bit. My father is in the business, as it were, and he set out to find the perfect person to adjust a size 7 ring to a size 10 while maintaining the integrity of the design.Rick at Snow Owl Design was his first choice. He knew if Rick said he could do it, it would be done and beautifully done to boot. And well, it is incredible. Rick teaches metallurgy at a local college and is very skilled at accomplishing tough jobs. And he does charge a little more than others might (it was $95 for the ring sizing and mounting of the diamond), but he did something we weren't sure could even be done. And it is nearly impossible to tell that any work was done at all.I'm over the moon with my ring and I thank Rick so much for his excellent work!See bling here: media4.px.yelpcdn.com/ph
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2010,1/27/2011,187,281,5,11,7>We utilize Wallace Park mostly for the (fenced!) dog park, but it is much, much more. Concerts in the park, chilling on a lawn. There are playgrounds and ball diamonds - I enjoy walking past these as a spectator, though I don't partake directly. We utilize the dog park frequently. The City does a pretty good job of maintaining the surfacing (placing bark) so that the area is usable (without ending up with a totally grubby dog [ours is white]) not that long after our all to frequent rain events.The only thing that keeps me from granting 5 stars to this park is the fact that there is no hose bib available to fill dog water dishes. Owners must either bring there own water or make a trek to the restrooms with a (admit it, filthy) dog water bowl in hand. It would be really nice if they would plumb a hose bib close to the dog park area. That said, I'm SOOO thankful that this dog park is within a few blocks of my house. If you take my dog out for a walk, and you don't physically force her to go some other direction, she will head straight for Wallace Park - every time. Zoey loves it. She's usually the smallest dog there (though she doesn't know this - she thinks she's 114 lbs. instead of her actual 14 lbs.) but we've never had any big problems. Some of this may be due to the distinct terrier attitude Zoey brings to the scene, but it's a fact, none the less. The vast majority of the owners are cognizant of their dog's intensity level and their activity and act appropriately.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,1/26/2011,89,213,11,10,8>im happy that when i searched yelp for best bbq, that i scrolled down far enough to find a place that may have fewer but higher reviews.  once again, great recommendation from others. +1 for who i assume to be leroy- he was incredibly nice and understanding of our indecisiveness. he also did not make surprised face when we ordered an amount of food clearly excessive for two people+ 1 for the pulled pork. it was the best i have ever had (i think it was best on its own, not in the po boy as you have interference from cole slaw and bread)+1 for the amount of rib stuck in my teeth that i will intentionally not remove so i can snack on it later.(ii could have used a bit more sauce but i have sauce co-dependency issues so it would have been enough for most people).+1 for the mac and cheese side order, which was my favorite of the three we ordered (the cole slaw was good, the collard greens better, but both are in the veggie family and therefore inferior to my unhealthy taste buds).+1 for the outside seating area, which we couldnt sit at today, but good sun action and big enough to bring a small crew).
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2010,1/25/2011,148,236,9,9,9>There's an old phrase that goes something like this: You shouldn't pick your friend's nose, but it's okay to let them pick breakfast. Does that sound right? Aw, hell... I dunno. What I do know is that I owe Cortney R. a mimosa. She and her hubby picked this place for Sunday brunch, and I am forever in their debt. I had the steak hash, the wife had a mushroom omelet, and we all split an order of strawberry abelskivers. After we were done, I was already thinking about what I'd order next time. I'm pretty sure it will be that beautiful pork belly benedict. If it were a woman, I think I'd ask it out. Sure... we waited, and it was a little tough to get the first cup of coffee. Tough shit. The servers were sweet and earnest, not to mention busy. They can wait on me any day. In fact, they'll probably be dealing with me again sooner than they'd like. Sorry ladies.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,1/24/2011,265,215,8,13,12>Sizzle Pie on Burnside is goooooooooooooood. They were still working out a few kinks when I was there, but did so with a smile. (Sometimes a Portland rarity) The vegan caesar salad (Caligula) is hands-down the best I've ever had. It didn't look like much, but it tasted like whoah. The pizza-by-the-slice options were awesome, with several meat, vegetarian and vegan slices. I had a coupon and was STARVING, so logic follows my guest and I ordered a whole pizza. We chose The New Maps Out of Hell (where do they come up with these names?!) which had creamy basil cashew spread, seasoned soy curls, and our choice of three veggies. (red onion, mushrooms and black olives, naturally). The pizza was crusty and soft and the soy curls were seasoned DELICIOUSLY and the veggies were a great choice on top. I'm super stoked with the taste and the speed that the food comes out. Next time I'm getting the vegan Pepperoni Pizza with Pineapple. I already know I will love it.The sweet man at the counter urged us to get the large, which we readily agreed to. However, when we saw a small size go out we changed our minds. The small *easily* feeds two people, especially when there's a salad involved.  The small looks to be about 12 inches.They currently have beer and wine. Their red wine selection is less than extensive, but the one bottle they had was a tasty Pinot Noir.  Their cooler had lots of good looking non-alcoholic drinks too, if you're into that sort of thing. They are open til 3 or 4 am every night, which is pretty much the awesomest thing I've heard this year. As of right now, they don't do delivery. My only qualm is their lack of prices anywhere. I have no idea how much my pizza, salad, or wine was. I can hazard a guess because of the total, but I'd reallllly like to see prices printed on the menus and on their website, sooner rather than later.I will be back, probably every single day for the rest of my life. And once their side bar opens this Spring, I'll probably be back twice a day every day.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2010,1/22/2011,171,101,21,8,9>Pssst... hey.hey you.Yes. you.come here. Listen up.......MEATBALL SUB.No no no no no no no no no NO.seriously.shhhh. shut up. just listen to me.MEATBALL SUB.I don't care what you are doing right now. I don't care how important you think it is. STOP.STOP EVERYTHING.MEATBALL SUB. i promise. You NEED it.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,1/21/2011,302,646,5,13,10>Simply fantastic. Though it was noisy and packed in this tiny little restaurant, our server was really nice and sweet. She comped us a 2nd round of wine because our main courses were taking a little too long though I honestly didn't even notice because I was enjoying good conversation.Shared the winter caprese salad and I thought it was a nice touch that the kitchen split the salad into 2 evenly portioned plates for my friend and I. Though tomatoes aren't a "winter" fruit, the (roma) tomatoes in the salad were incredibly juicy and sweet. I could've easily had a full sized salad to myself and a couple glasses of wine and call it dinner.Ordered their fresh pasta special of the night which was handmade ravioli with braised beef cheeks  inside with a reduced balsamic vinegar sauce and parnsips and garlic. Definitely a good winter's night meal. I'm really glad I went with that. For dessert, I had the pear affogato. My friend said it was the best one out of the 3 (we all ordered a dessert) at the table. I concur--it was pretty delicious. The moscato sauce wasn't too sweet at all, the pear was juicy and the mascarpone cream was thick and fluffy...totally party in my mouth status. I would love to eat here again.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/2/2013,98,164,2,10,6>I absolutely love ME Fitness, and my shrinking dress sizes love it too! I've been a gym rat, fad workout tryer, constantly exercising nut since I can remember. I love working out, getting those endorphins up, and counteracting all of the calories consumed from beer and all the good food Portland has to offer. After moving to a new 'hood, I decided to give up my 24-hour membership in lieu of a local gym. I first encountered ME on a Groupon for a three-week membership in 2012. I must admit at that time I wasn't very impressed. Not sure if it was because of the Groupon, but no one ever showed me around, or seemed to care about trying to get me to become a member. So I finished out the Groupon period and never looked back. Then about 3 months ago a co-worker was raving about some specialty classes that ME is offering. I decided to give it another try, and I am now absolutely in love. They must have undergone new management since my first visit.Since I'm a commitment-phobe I went with the slightly more expensive month-to-month contract that allows you access to all the classes at the gym and yoga studio. The staff are always super friendly, and all of the instructors I've taken classes from make a point to learn my name after they've seen me a couple times. I feel like you get really personalized group instruction as the gym space is small, and class sizes are limited to about 20 people or less. Some of my favorite classes they offer are a 30 minute TRX blast class, a hybrid spinning/strength training one hour class, and most of all a fabulous class called Booty Luv that targets your thighs, butt and abs.The standard equipment is minimal in quantity, but enough to accommodate the members, and they have the newest equipment including kettlebells and other fun stuff. Class times are convenient, and the gym is open 24 hours with your key-card. They also have an in-house acupuncturist and nutritionist that incorporate their services and classes into the gym's offerings.I cannot say enough good things about this place, and because I enjoy coming here so much, I am finally seeing a lot more progress in my fitness goals.I think the only constructive feedback I can give is to provide towel service for everyone, not just yoga and spinning classes.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,9/1/2013,98,273,3,6,5>Had my first experience at Cultured Caveman today and it was definitely a win!  I knew it was Paleo but was hoping it would work for me since I'm on GAPs.  The guy working was able to quickly and easily answer my questions about ingredients and even had some suggestions when my sister asked me if I drank bone broth and I said it didn't really sit well with me.  My sister had the mini meat loaf (smaller size portion but it's only $5) and the kale salad and enjoyed both.  I had the chicken tenders (nice portion size for $5) and the broccoli/brussel sprout mash.  Both were really good and I loved that I was able to eat the sauces for both of the proteins since it's normally a no-go at most restaurants.  I thought the pricing was great for the quality of food.  I'm super happy I know there's a safe AND delicious food cart that's fairly close to me.  Yippee!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,8/31/2013,161,578,4,7,5>Can I tell you how much I love this place?  This place popped up near where I do some shopping and other routine items, so let's say when it opened, I thought perfect just right for a pop in for a quick bite and a beverage.The atmosphere is just right and it doesn't encourage the stroller crowd that is normally in every pub type of restaurant you enter into.  Although, the last time I was here there was a couple with two small girls.  It's a bar, people, why are you bringing children to a bar.  To be fair kids are allowed during particular times of the day it just doesn't seem like it would be a place for kids but what do I know?At any rate, they have the best cocktails as far as originality and presentation.  Thus far, i've tried a salad there as well as the half pound burger and fries.  We had it split in two and my friend and  i shared it.  It's a little easier to manage that way.  Plus, you can still say you didn't overeat and save room for dessert, which we didn't but there will be a next time.All in all a good quiet place to relax and reflect on the day.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,8/30/2013,30,137,,8,3>Yataimura Maru is just like Shigezo, but without the crowds.Seriously, I went there with a friend on a Monday afternoon and we had a lovely, quiet dinner at 6pm (which is kind of impossible to do at Shigezo).We had the takoyaki as an appetizer and we were just wowed by how delicious it was. The octopus balls were golden and slightly crunchy on the outside, and lightly drizzled with Japanese (maybe?) mayo and takoyaki sauce - just enough, and not too much (which can be overpowering in my opinion). The bonito flakes on top of it were dancing gently in the heat of just-grilled takoyaki. Sublime.We then had great bowls of ramen (my favorite is miso ramen with extra kimchi and a hard boiled egg). Very generous portions, tasty broth, firm noodles, toppings that you can customize. Seriously, what's not to like?My friend, who came from Okinawa, said that this ramen was better than the ramen she could find back home, and she was also delighted with the takoyaki, so her vote of confidence counts a lot for me.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,8/29/2013,30,33,,13,11>A new food cart opened up last week, showcasing food from Georgia. No, not that Georgia. The country nestled between Russia and Turkey! Luckily this cart stands out; they have their menu set up in a pretty cool way. I wanted to try everything they had to offer, so I got the Supra Platter. Everything's vegetarian or vegan except for the dumplings.I started by eating the Badrijani because they were blocking my way into the peasant's salad. These are little eggplant rolls filled with ground nuts and topped with a pomegranate seed. They're really pretty, and the flavors blend together really well. I like that nothing overpowered the eggplant itself. The peasant's salad was okay. I'm not a huge tomato fan (unless they're exceptional tomatoes), and the salad is pretty much big slices of tomato with a few herbs, bits and pieces of cucumber/onions, and the ground nut mixture from the Badrijani. It wasn't bad, but the tomatoes weren't exceptional. So... not my cup of tea.The Khachapuri and Lobiani (cheese and bean/onion breads respectively) were both really great. The fillings are really flavorful. I'm not sure what else to say about them other than both of them being delicious. They have the consistency of thicker pizza dough.Finally, the Khinkali dumplings were really good. The pork is really, really nicely seasoned and a little bit on the pinker side, which I like. The dumplings appear very large, but the filling only occupies a much smaller space inside. However, I've been told that this is the traditional way to prepare Khinkali. The way to eat the dumpling is to hold it by the knot and bite into it while cupping the liquid. Then you can suck out the liquid and the meat (while eating the dough). The other reviewer (Roman S.) may think the portions were off, but they're apparently preparing them true to Georgian tradition. Personally, these were my favorite part of the meal.I'll definitely be back to this cart. Aside from the peasant's salad, I liked it all a lot. Support this new cart and give 'em a shot.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/28/2013,160,387,2,4,5>A new favorite find!  We met for happy hour on a Wednesday afternoon at 5 pm, when the sun was shining in Portland.  My friend arrived first and chose a table on the shady side of the restaurant.  She already had a lovely glass of red wine and the Happy Hour and Wine Menus at the table when I arrived.I perused the wine menu first and chose the Prosecco, it always reminds me of lovely visits to Italy. We enjoyed several items from the Happy Hour Menu, a pizza and several flat breads, one was meat, one was chicken and one veggie.I tend to avoid gelato outside of Italy because it never tastes as good in the US. Alas, I can no longer make that statement.The gelato at Via Delizia is stellar.  There is a sign on the case that says, "one taste, one person at a time", or something such as that.  Be nice to the man behind the counter and you might find that the sign was not meant for you.The owner made me taste an array of deliciousness.  I finally had to say stop because I was on gelato overload.  I can't even recall which flavor I chose as my single scoop, but I do recall sitting back, listening to my friend's conversation and feeling as if I was back in Florence at a gelato place along the river.  That memory was worth every penny plus the food was terrific!  I highly recommend you go with the right attitude of relaxation and adventure.  If you do then I believe you too will find a new favorite.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,8/27/2013,132,78,,10,6>Everybody has their favorite spots... this one is mine.  A pseudo-gay spot (very mixed crowd where everyone is welcome), Crush will eternally hold a special place in my heart.  Why? Let me count the reasons: 1. Staff - everyone is friendly, fun, and delivers wonderful service2. Food - not just typical bar food, they switch the menu (at least the specials) frequently, deliver delicious food with good presentation and have great happy hour (4-7; till midnight on Tuesdays)3. Drinks - always some unique cocktails with ever-changing specials (try the cheap date, with freshly shaved ginger)4. Outdoor Seating - bring on the sunshine and watch SE Portland residents strut by5. Special Events - from burlesque shows, comedy troupes, outdoor block parties to one of the official spots for the Naked Bike Ride after party, there's always something fun happening here.  Also, a projector for occasional viewing parties (where I watched the most recent presidential election)6. Layout/Design - Split into two adjoining spaces, the bar side has a good amount of table and bar seating; the event space next door has comfy couches and cocktail tables, facing a newly (bigger) redesigned stage.  There's some fun artwork around.  I also appreciate the gender neutral bathrooms.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/26/2013,196,280,5,11,10>In my opinion the places to go for late night dessert are Pix Patisserie & Papa Haydn.When it comes to choosing a dessert here it can be overwhelming. The display case is filled with beautifully decorated pies, cakes, cobblers, & even cookies so choosing just one isn't easy. After being seated & scanning the dessert menu I opted for the Boccone Dolce. This is the most delicious dessert ever. A must try!The multilayer of swiss meringue, fresh fruits, light drizzle of semi-sweet chocolate, & whipped topping is the best concoction of ingredients put together. The presentation was excellent, the flavor was outstanding, & the portion size was incredible. One slice of this could feed two people; it fed me the next day. If you're looking for something light, fruity, & not overwhelmingly sweet then Boccone Dolce is best suited for you.The atmosphere is upscale & romantic for those wanting to bring their significant other but also casual & intimate if interested in a meal &/or dessert with friends. The service was top notch. Our server was very helpful in guiding us with desserts based on our likes & dislikes. I've only tried the desserts here but am anxious to try their meals some time. The dessert prices are not cheap but the desserts themselves are worth every penny.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,8/25/2013,273,418,11,13,12>So, I have a very well-known hatred of tapas and small-portions.  If you follow my reviews or have talked to me about food for more than one minute, you probably know this.When I checked in here, many of my friends were understandably nervous.  "uh OH, who drug you in THERE?!  You DO know it's TAPAS, right?!"Yeah I did.  I was in the area and my first choice had some super-exclusive company event going on.  And, Andina was nearby and has Screen Door-levels of Yelp hype.When a place is nearing QUADRUPLE digits of reviews, and is STILL averaging 4.5 stars, I HAVE to try it.  I'd be doing everyone a huge disservice for not giving it a chance, right?When I first walked in, I was very impressed with the snappiness of the service; we were asked where we wanted to sit and seated immediately.I opened up the menu and...I was nervous.  HUGE, pricey, tapas section.  Only three international beers. Ok,sorry, SIDEBAR: despite  what you may have been told, most beers from non-traditionally-brewing  countries are terrible.  Almost all of them are watered-down German/Czech lager knock-off's, much like our native Bud/Miller/Coors...but because they are from a place with temples and/or rainforests and/or studying abroad programs they are "exotic" and "good".  This is a huge problem found at many ethnic restaurants, including, but not limited to: Indian (Kingfisher!), Ethiopian (name escapes me), Thai (Phuket!), Chinese (Sing-Ha!), Japanese (Asahi SUPER DRY!), etc.  It is positively silly for restaurants in PORTLAND, OREGON to not at least have one local brew on tap.  Even worse is when the restaurant is themed as having a NW-inspired bent on traditional food and they STILL don't have any NW-styled beers.  Ok, back to the review:  Andina only has three, mediocre South American beers.  My first thought was "well, guess I'm not doing any drinking tonight".  BUT, I decided to open my STUBBORN mind and be talked into getting a pitcher of SAN GRIA.  This is HIGHLY atypical for me but, you know what, it was AWESOME.  It tasted like those mythical clear gummi bears.  Y'know, the ones that taste the best but you can't quite place where the awesome flavors are coming from*?  When we finished it, I fished out the chunks of pineapple (which is apparently the flavor the clear bears are supposed to be, depending on your brand) out of the vase...I felt like a monkey stealing cookies out of a cookie jar but no one chastised me, which was good.I still was very skeptical of the menu.  Lots of things looked good but, having recently been burned by the micro-portions at Levant (June across the street suffers the same affliction, I'll get to them...eventually), I was highly skeptical that I was going to leave HANGRY, AGAIN.I browsed Yelp to see what the consensus was about what the GOOD STUFF to get here was...I didn't find much.  Then I found a glowing, 5-star review by Andrew C.  he said, and I'm paraphrasing: "THIS PLACE IS AWESOME EVERYTHING IS GOOD ORDER ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING I WANT TO GO TO HERE EVERY MONTH BEST PLACE IN PORTLAND".  I trust him more than anyone else on Yelp.  If he told me there was a garbage can on 82nd that was really good, I'd go for a dumpster dive.Ok, cool, now I can order with CONFIDENCE.  Andrew C. reviews are gospel.I ordered the filet mignon; I forget the actual name on the menu.  It came with a bunch of other stuff I couldn't pronounce.  I just assumed it would be awesome.  I don't like asking wait staff what ingredients are (this is rarely a problem I will eat pretty much anything and everything) and I was no longer worrying about anything on the menu.OK, before the food came out, they bring you bread.  The bread was good.  But the SAUCE, OMFG THE SAUCES! SO GOOD.  They had mild/medium/hot and, while none were all that spicy, the flavors were fan-freakin'-tastic (medium had notes of clear gummi bear, FYI)!  I was impressed.  And they brought out a second round and weren't at all stingy about it, we didn't even ask.  THAT is how it should be done, like how a good Tex-Mex does chips n' salsa.The food arrived and the portions were PERFECT.  The steak was probably the first truly-rare steak I have EVER had in Portland.  It was AMAZING and (tied with Black Bird Cafe in Bozeman, MT) was the best steak I have ever had.  There was a bunch of little side stuff on the plate as well, and it was all exotically and perfectly spiced, just freakin' delicious.  I was stunned.  Are you listening all you wanna-be fancy-pants Portland dining establishments?!  THIS is how you do it. Other things: our waitress was great, the ambiance was great (live music, warm light, cozy), and those alcohol infused gummi...I mean pineapple chunks, were great.A++ will dine again.  Highly recommended, although my review is just a drop in the ocean for this place and they obviously don't NEED me to help them out.  They've obviously got everything figured out pretty well.  Keep up the good work!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,8/24/2013,56,165,7,12,8>Months back I wrote a sparkling review on Sushi Hana, claiming it was by far the best "conveyor belt sushi" (I guess the appropriate term is "Sushi Train") restaurant you are ever going to find. And as if in answer to my secular prayer the folks that bring us Sushi Hana opened a restaurant, O' Sushi, less than a mile from my house in the Fubonn Market area!!!!AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  \ (^_^) /The sushi here is awesome! I simply cannot believe they can charge only $1.75 a plate for it (and, even more unbelievably, $1.25 per plate during their brilliant happy hour!). The sake (salmon sushi) is seriously outstanding, for example... I could sit there eating plate after plate of the stuff for hours. I have tried almost all of their plates and I can tell you right now that it is not the typical "Sushi Train" quality... it's far better... yet the prices stay the same as your typical Sushi Train place. I don't know how they do it but boy am I glad they are doing it! If you're looking for a quick, cheap sushi fix and you're in SE Portland SERIOUSLY look no further than O'Sushi. Only make sure you leave a seat open for me. I will be a regular here in no time. To whoever opened this restaurant: THANK YOU!!!!!!!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,11/1/2013,112,125,14,16,10>O my GAWD becky check out her crust!Sorry Apizza Schools, I got a new boyfriend and I am writing his name all over my notebook! lovely's in cursive, lovely's in bold, lovely's with my last name attached... LOVELYS & Maxene! Ooo now this is called going steady!Why have I waited so long to write this review.. because I wanted to be double sure that I was ready for this big of a pizza commitment and the time is now! 5 stars:Every pie I have had here does me a solid! My Lovely's romance started with the seasonal butternut squash pie with toasted hazelnuts, and honey, amazing combination and not always available -(totally playing hard to get)- and this love affair advanced with the ricotta with Gremolata, the fennel sausage and braised greens plus rosemary. To test the greatness of any great pie, one must order the traditional Margarita, the ultimate taste test can be done on the pie crust, the sauce, the fresh ingredients.. this pie is the make it or break it for all true pizza pie lovers. So how does Lovely's stack up: ON TOP! the sauce marries with the bubbly cheese, and basil to make a mouthwatering romance. My  love for Lovely's hasn't stopped with just their pie list, it goes to their ice cream, fresh salads, and their use of local and organically sourced ingredients and if that is not proof enough -they only prepare pies with toppings in season;)small beer list, but I have found a cider on that list a time or two.My gallbladder hates it here, I find it hard to stop eating when I am satisfied, instead I keep going until I am stuffed like a thanksgiving turkey -I love it here!The shop is cute and fits in perfectly on Mississippi Ave. With ice cream at the front counter to draw you in, and a large garage door window that is often opened to let the smell of something amazing tingle your senses while walking by, he's trying to woo other lovers in.. ugh, the nerve. How can you miss this eating location... it's just like pleasant ville only Pizza Pie edition.  Street parking is less stressful at the top of the Ave, and Lovely's is closed on Mondays -my poor boyfriend needs his rest =)
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,10/31/2013,143,429,18,12,10>So delicious.A friend and I recently stopped in for lunch.  We were both craving burgers so it seemed the perfect opportunity to try the Tabor Burger.  This burger was so marvelous I think I took 4 or 5 pictures of it and then sent evidence to a friend to brag about what was about to go on in my mouth.The Tabor burger is slathered in bacon jam.  Bacon flipping jam.  It is then dressed in a smattering of blue cheese, topped with arugula and served on it's own plump little brioche bun.  It's damn sexy.  Like the burger equivalent to Ryan Gosling.When he had a beard.It was delicious, as were the fries.  For some reason neither of us imbibed in any adult bevs but the tap list looked better than decent.  I will be back shortly to explore that part of TT further.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,10/30/2013,80,129,4,11,6>OMG best ramen place in my area. So authentic.  I've been many times, and on Tuesday I decided to introduce two friends to the restaurant. They couldn't find it because there is no sign above the restaurant, just the words 'YUZU' in beige, on a tan door. Haha quite the camouflage.The food is delicious.Definitely get the pork katsu age. SOOO GOOD. The pork had mint stuffed into the middle then battered and fried with a vinagrette sauce on the side. I get this every single time. Great dish to share. Of course we all got ramen. Shoyu was delicious. And my favorite the Pork Bone Ramen, which came with ground garlic and toasted sesame seeds to put into the soup as you please. The meal was amazing as always. My favorite spot for ramen, definitely coming back.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/29/2013,40,150,,14,8>Melties and soups - a simple concept with great execution.Most of the soups are gluten-free and/or vegetarian, and are made in small batches so the selection changes often.The combos are a great deal - a half or whole meltie with a cup of soup. I ordered the tortilla soup with the works: a vegan soup with tortilla chips, beans, corn, and tomatoes, topped with avocado, sour cream, cilantro, cheddar cheese, and lime. It was delicious! I paired this with the Lizzie meltie, which came with chevre, gruyere, apple slices and honey grilled on sourdough bread. SUPER YUMMY, everything worked so well together. Service was very friendly, if not a little slow, but understandable since they just opened. Can't wait to try their other stuff!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,10/28/2013,71,373,3,8,5>I understand its appeal now.$5.50 for lunch at a restaurant is insane for this day and age. I mean, it's not the *best* Chinese I've ever had, but the egg flower soup is nice and clean with a dash of white pepper. The dishes are filling for a lunch portion. The less Americanized (e.g., anything fried) dishes come with a lot of vegetables instead of piles of meat. The sauces are nothing to write home about, but again, it's not bad at all, especially for the price.Plus free oolong tea? Just like how I was raised. (In a Chinese restaurant, yes.)Do yourself a favor and get white rice instead of fried rice with lunch. You'll be happier, I swear.Lunches I've had so far: chicken with black bean sauce, Sichuan(Szechwan) chicken, mapo tofu.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/27/2013,164,111,6,15,9>Best "dive bar" in NW Portland.I use quotations because no one in their right mind likes actual dive bars, but if a drinking establishment has that certain unpolished quality, it technically qualifies as a "dive bar."Having said all that, Paymaster is awesome. The first thing that will catch your eye when you come in is the amazing collection of old beer signs: Schlitz, Champale, and Old Style (Chicago shout out!) to name a few. The music on the jukebox is almost all classic standards (I heard the Big Bopper and Johnny Cash amongst others) and completes a great atmosphere.As for seating, the long bar seats about 15 or so and there are a few more booths in the main bar. During warmer months there are  also tables out front and a big patio in back (complete with pool table!).  For entertainment, there is also a sit-down Pac-Mac game and pinball machines in the back.Their happy hour includes $0.50 off drafts which makes a pint of Hamms a mere $1.50. One of their summer seasonal drinks was the habeñero sidecar ($6) which was actually spicy and tasted amazing.If you're looking for a hi-to "East Portland" bar on the west side, look no further than Paymaster.* Interesting side note about the name: according to the bartender they were called "Balls The Cats Moonshine Lounge" until a restaurant named Moonshine in Austin, TX threatened to sue them, so they changed the name to the name of the previous tenants, moneylenders called "Paymasters."  Works for me...
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,10/26/2013,152,351,5,10,6>What happens when you go out of town when all of your friends also go out of town? There's no one to take care of the princess... er, cat.I recently utilized Yeller Cab's pet sitting services and I couldn't be happier. With short notice on my part, Nancy and I were able to work out a schedule for my time away, including a pre-trip orientation session.I was impressed with her reliability and professionalism. Each day I could check up on my kitty by visiting a blog Nancy created, which included information about that day's visit and fotos!  We exchanged texts too when I was out of Internet range.It was the first trip I've ever taken where I wasn't constantly wondering/worrying to myself, "I hope the critter is okay!" This time I knew the critter was okay.Reasonable prices too!  I'm sure I'll use the service again. And since I don't have a car, it's nice to know I can rely on their transportation service should I ever need it.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,10/25/2013,96,134,2,6,6>A great local Burger Stand! Simple as that. The old old owners took the restaurant back over as the old owners just did not have the spark that they needed. Burgers are great. Hand scooped ice cream, killer hot dogs and a fantastic onion ring. It is true that the drive through takes some time but this is not fast food, it is made to order which you can tell with the first bite. The staff is made up of the local high school kids always with a smile and ready to help. Tip: If you do go through the drive through and are waiting behind a car get out and put your order in at the walk up window. This can help speed up the process.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,10/24/2013,222,197,3,12,9>They have Crescenza-Stracchino !!!  Hallelujah!!!Okay so here's the deal -- I am married to an Italian and over almost two decades there are a few things I have learned about the Italian culture and what it means to be part of an Italian family:What great wine is What great coffee should taste likeAnything you want to know about fashion and looking goodHow to shop for a great bargainAnd -- what good Italian food should taste like.You with me so far?It's no secret we don't have Italian food out very often because frankly we make it way better in our own cucina :)  So when we found Gallo Nero honestly we were in suspended judgment.However, from the moment we walked in -- they had us at "Ciao".  The staff was incredibly friendly - Florentine chef Davide Filippini greeted us at the door, we also met another owner Andrea as well as Giacomo who were both incredibly welcoming and kind.  Because Italian is my husband's first language to hear Italian spoken is music to his ears :)I ordered Carbonara which is my go-to dish when I try any new Italian trattoria.  I figure if they can't get the Carbonara right then well, I won't go back.  The Carbonara was perfect, just perfect.  The pasta was  al dente, and a perfect blend of egg, cream, pasta and bacon.  Just yum in my mouth.My son ordered Italian French Toast -- sounds odd yes?  It's not -- once you have had Italian French Toast you never ever want to have French Toast any other way. There wasn't a crumb left on his plate.We ordered the house Gnocchi for the table along with Insalata Caprese -- neither lasted long:)My husband ordered their Pork Chop with cannellini beans and grilled polenta.  I tried it -- and it was tender, well seasoned, not over done, and just perfect.And of course we couldn't have an Italian meal without a dessert to share.  My son ordered their raspberry torte -- light, moist, and delicious.Oh and this might not be a big deal to some but we are really picky about the espresso we drink and we prefer Caffè Umbria coffee over any coffee we've ever tasted.  Caffè Umbria is served at Gallo Nero - BOOM!  We were so pleased to see the Caffè Umbria espresso cups come out to the table.It's worth the money -- and that's the best part it's not over priced.  It's the least expensive place in the city but it's one of the best, we will back!!!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,10/23/2013,89,143,6,9,6>Oh mah gawwwwd. Best lengua burrito I've ever had the pleasure of putting in my face. Granted I was fairly drunk at the time, but I stand by the fact that this was the best lengua ever! So much so that it haunted my drunken dreams and I woke up craving moreeee! So much so that I had to write a yelp review about it ASAP!Lengua is usually very savory/fatty and melt-in-your-mouth tender, which is why it's my meat of choice at Mexican joints. Robo was on point with that and even took it to the next level: they either seared or charred the outer parts of lengua, which added a subtle crunch that blew my mind. On top of that there are dozens of squeeze bottles, filled with delicious salsas, strewn about the restaurant - enough variety to satisfy anyone's needs.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2011,5/26/2012,294,129,5,9,8>This is my very first yelp review and this place made me pop my yelp cherry.  I just HAD to write a review.  So, I'm new to Portland.  When I needed to find a new place to get my hair done, I asked all around.  Finally, I ended up purchasing a deal to Chachi's through Amazon and I hoped it would be ok.  You never know what you're gonna get at a salon and I've been to a lot of salons.  But I'm the type of person that will try ANYTHING new with my hair at least once.  I like to explore.  So, I find out that I'm with Nicole (which I'm super excited about since she has been getting such good reviews here).  Let me just say.... NICOLE IS AWESOME.  We hit it off right away.  I LOVE it when hairstylists have opinions and suggestions for me.  We decided on a red/violet color to put on my So. Cal. highlights to give me a more "Portland" look.  But the way she did the color.....it was amazing.  She did a darker color on the top with it fading lighter underneath.  Nicole has an eye for color and took her time making sure it looked exactly like she wanted it.  She then proceeded to give me a GREAT cut to bring out the highlights in the color.  All around a great experience here!  I will definitely be coming back.  I also had the extreme pleasure of meeting the owner of this establishment, Chachi himself.  He is so down to earth and hilarious.  I felt like I was instant friends with everyone in the salon.Bottom line: Forward thinking salon, Up to date on styling and color trends, Not at all pretentious, Friendly staff, Walked out feeling great with a new 'do!Thank you, Chachi Hair!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,5/25/2012,118,219,6,6,5>I've been seeing Blaine for almost a year. In boyfriend/girlfriend talk, this is a long-term, serious relationship. I do not intend on breaking up with him anytime soon. Nor will I ever cheat on him.  I'm gonna have to put a ring on it. I've followed Blaine from the Aveda School, to Nattura Salon, and now to Glow Boutique Salon. And will continue to follow him to any new salon he chooses to go to. Now, about my hair... I've had long hair since I can remember. It was Blaine who I trusted to chop off my hair last year and it is only Blaine I trust to maintain my short hair. I love it! Each and every time he trims my hair, it's has a different characteristic... some bangs, more layers in the back, a more concave shape... it looks fantastic every single time. He's even done short hair cuts on several of my friends, no one with any complaints! So if you're looking for a drastic hair cut or just a little trim, Blaine is the person to go to!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,5/24/2012,107,111,7,14,11>Try to imagine how much space you'd need to hand-make and boil bagels, roast your own coffee beans, and make espresso drinks and sandwiches. Then divide that amount of space by two. Then figure out a way to share that halved space with your customers. That's essentially what the Spielman family has done on SE 21st and Division. Going to Spielman Coffee Roasters is kind of like going to your friends' housewarming party, after they bought a tiny house with no closets or pantries. Your friends let you in and they're really happy to see you, but they're constantly ushering you around the place making sure you don't trip over this box of books and that giant kitchen appliance that they haven't figured out a place for yet. And you're thinking, "how can you live like this?"Well, with bagels and coffee this good, you can get used to pretty much anything.Bagels are obviously a sore subject in Portland right now, but Spielman's impeccable timing wouldn't be worth anything if they weren't fantastic. All the varieties have the crispy outer layer around a dense interior that you want in a bagel, qualities which so many bagel brokers seem to miss out on. The best part is that they're not so chewy as to make them impossible for sandwiches, yet chewy enough to be just as delightful by itself. The plain bagel has a distinct sourdough flavor, and the pumpernickel is almost too flavorful. (I know I'm probably an outlier in this regard, but I actually like eating bagels as they were intended -- handheld, unadorned, so I can feed myself with one hand while my other hand operates whatever factory machinery I'm responsible for.)Add a spot on cappuccino, and I'm happy to look past the large sacks of beans on the floor. (But here's hoping they find a bigger place at some point.)
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,5/23/2012,8,71,10,20,17>I have officially eaten every candy bar in American stores, but thanks to Fizz I have much more to discover. Also I am a candy bar collector, I eat the candy and collect the memories. Everlasting Gobstoppers and oompah loompa pics are up on the walls as they should be, showing the shops love of the candy.Fizz prides themselves in getting products that are new and hard to find here in the states. Which creates new finds all the time for us. From old school Zagnuts, Good News bars and Goo Goo Clusters. To England with Malteasers, Flake, Kinder, Mars, Crunchie and the Lion bar. Then off to Canada with Coffee Crisp, Smarties, Wunderbar and one of my favorites the Crispy Crunch, it's like a Heath and Butterfinger made a baby that you would want to eat.Sometimes in candy bar land special edition products go on the shelves for a bit then are gone forever. Cadbury Twisted, a cadbury egg candy bar, amazing and never again, Thingamajig, cocoa krispies instead of rice krispies, Fizz probably has the last of  them. If you want to view paradise simply look around and view it anything you want to, do it wanta change the world there's nothing to it.Fizz is making the world a better place one candy bar at a time!!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,5/22/2012,426,1757,6,17,14>Joyeux anniversaire, St. Jack!This lovely place opened a year ago this week and was one of my favorite discoveries in Portland this year. There are many places I enjoy, but I found myself recommending St. Jack often to friends from out of town for an interesting Portland foodie experience. My recommendation was always qualified. I would not recommend it for vegan or vegetarian diners or those who are squeamish about food. Not to say there aren't options for these folks on the menu, there are, but St. Jack appealed to me for its European sensibility and having items on the menu that don't appeal to the conservative American palate. By way of example, the special when I visited for dinner recently was a goose neck stuffed with house-made sausage. My friend was slightly revolted, I was intrigued. Escargots, frog legs and roasted bone marrow are on the standard menu.Other factors in their favor:-- They take reservations, directly or through OpenTable.-- When I dined with a group, there were no issues splitting the bill. They were transactionally excellent.-- The Pâtisserie is open from 9a - 4p daily, so you can check out the space and get a first taste of the bakery items before committing to an expensive meal.-- They are open seven days a week. No reason to eat substandard fare on a Monday night!The atmosphere is nice, but not overly elegant. In my view, it screams date night without the kids. While I savored an excellent glass of Seven of Hearts Pinot Noir with dinner, most of my friends enjoyed their wine in a Pôts Lyonnais, traditional 46cl bottles imported from Lyon.Highlights of my recent meal were the butter lettuce salad. It was served as a tower of leaves, herbs, avocado and radish and drizzled with a fine Dijon Vinaigrette. Really quite simple and yet light and balanced and a pure delight to begin my meal. While there were many interesting meat options (Boudin Noir - blood sausage that was one of Don B's top items of the year and the traditional French dish (steak and fries) - Onglet Steak Frites, which I sampled), I was very happy with my Lyonnaise Onion Tart.The best part of dining with a group is tasting your fellow diners' selections and everything was very good (mussels, pork rillettes). My friends were generous enough to let me have a Madeleine to finish my meal. They are baked to order and served nestled in a warm pot, so I highly recommend you include them when ordering your entrée so there is no delay. Or you can try making your own at home by watching the St. Jack pastry chef: portlandmonthlymag.com/eWhile I rarely agree with The Oregonian's food writers, they did name St. Jack the Rising Star of the Year in 2011. So, I have to begrudgingly give them their due. Even The Oregonian, can occasionally get one right.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,5/21/2012,52,136,7,7,6>I have a love affair with fried chicken.And this is the place I go to to get my fix.My Chicken and waffle fix to be precise.This is the best place for chicken and waffle that I have tried to date in Portland. Sure, the chicken and waffle at screen door is impressive to look at, it had good flavor, but it was a touch dry for me.  Simpatica also has a great chicken and waffle, but their's is a bit fancier with a kumquat jam. Sunshine has a great, all American chicken and waffle.  The chicken was cooked and seasoned perfectly, extra crispy on the outside and very juicy and succulent on the inside.  The semolina waffle is thick and hearty without being too doughy.  The honey drizzle instead of syrup makes for the perfect combination. I was so full, but I could not put the fork down.I still think about this chicken and waffle in my dreams. Their other brunch dishes were good too, very hearty portions at a good price.  And what's great is they serve food during those awkward hours of the day from 2-5, where it's a little to late for brunch/ lunch, and too early for dinner.  This place is a great option for brunch for those that like to get a few extra winks of shut eye on the weekends.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2012,5/20/2012,122,144,6,11,7>40 bucks and three hours. That's what I lost three years ago when (out of desperation) I got a watch battery replaced at Washington Square Mall.Last week at Cascade Silver? $9. That's right, $9. While I waited. Cascade Silver is owned by a super nice husband and wife team, who also do jewelry repair and make and sell their own jewelry out of the storefront. They also did a great job rhodium plating a ring, and I'm planning to bring in a few more things for repair. If you really must pay 3X what you should, enjoy parking downtown, and don't like the yummy goodness of Sweetness Bakery (which is next door to Cascade) then by all means, go to Malloy's or the mall. Otherwise, go see the fine folks here.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2012,5/19/2012,81,88,25,18,14>I always enjoy a trip to the Prime Rib Castle!Last night after getting somewhat buzzed at the Yelp's Back to the Future party and realizing I needed to eat like whoa! We picked up up a friend and decided to grab chow.  We swung by Star Bar - NO PARKING! We swung by MFP - NO PARKING!  We pulled in next to Taco Del Mar and started to try and brainstorm where we could get some food.  None of our ideas were coming up with open hours or ... PARKING!  So I woefully yelled out the window, "PORTLAND WHERE DA FOOT AT!?"Friend finally shouted out "PRIME RIB CASTLE!" and we all shouted a hell yeah of approval for her epiphany.Normally when we go to Prime Rib Castle we all break the bank and get the obvious choice, prime rib.  But last night we were feeling a little more conservative, which was great because it meant we'd all do something we fight doing - trying something new.The man and best friend got themselves some burgers which they said were "pretty darn good" and I went for the strogonoff (stroganoff? stroganof? strogonnof? gandolf? gandolph? dophins? stro-ga-nov? hasselhof? strokin' off?"  What the hell, I can't spell it.)  It was pretty yummy, I do prefer my own, but hey they don't have my secret recipe so no points off for that.Also, our server last night, Shylynn? (Chylin?  Chaolin? Shilin?  Shiloh Inn?) was also particularly awesome.  The service is always good, and maybe it's because I was tipsy to begin with it just made this particular server even more cool.  Who knows!?I'm actually surprised that I haven't reviewed Clyde's before since it's exactly all that I hope for in a restaurant - strange history, interesting decor, outdated in an awesome way, and it even has rad live music most nights (usually it's funk and soul but last night it was Dick Dale-esque surf rock, which just added to the strange evening we were having).Anyway, I love you Clyde.  And your food, even if I can't spell it!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,5/18/2012,106,210,3,11,7>Everyone has their version of what they interpret as the internet. A lot of this can vary on the type of sites they regularly go on, type of internet searches they do, and how their social media is built up around them. For me the internet has been bestowing me with plugs of a restaurant that just opened up called the "Local Cow". A lot of my friends on Facebook have been plugging this establishment for months now before it had even opened up. So curiosity killed that cat and I just had to see what the hype about this place is all about.What the Local Cow is proud claim here is that they utilize local products from Oregon. Their beef is source verified beef cattle from Eugene Oregon. They are selected from a ONM Program and high quality ration of upcycled brewer's grain from local breweries and contain no added hormones, antibiotics, and utilize sustainable and humane systems. Some of their other local resources are from Grand Central Bakery, Portland French Bakery, Carlton Farms, Draper Valley Farms, Otto's Sausage and cheeses, Tillamook Cheese Factory, Umpqua Dairy and Rogue Creamery. I arrived this evening and was seated immediately with a menu to peruse. Its a very simple menu but lots of gourmet items that will entice your palate. This evening I ordered the Rockwood, which contains, crispy fried peppers, habanero jack cheese, chipotle mayo, guacamole, on a Toasted Brioche bun. I ordered this with a side of the Loco Cow Fries. In addition to this order I partake in a PBR and happily waited for dinner while people watching and enjoying the decor this restaurant has to offer. I received my meal promptly and at first I was a bit surprised by the size of the burger. Not for its gigantic size but for how small it was. I was a little concerned at first but after consuming their amazing Loco Cow Fries which is made up of their house cut fries with Parmesan, rosemary, garlic, and black truffle oil I was blown away by the flavor. Taking my first initial bite of my burger and I was quickly drawn in by a flavor explosion of the crispy fried peppers, habanero jack cheese, chipotle mayo, and guacamole that seemed to accentuate a perfectly cooked hamburger patty that was still pink and juicy. I devoured this burger with a quickness. Good things really do come in small packages! Still longing for more I choose to wait for another trip back here to this quaint local burger shop to shatter my cravings for the Local Cow. If you appreciate the art that is the burger, my suggestion to you is to make the trek out here to Gresham to partake in this amazing establishment. Happy Eating Everyone!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2011,5/17/2012,532,371,8,11,11>I know this isn't much notice, but it's more warning than I had last year when I found out about this by accident. The PDX Adult Soapbox Derby, which happens TODAY (Saturday August 13th, 2011) is one of my favorite yearly "ahh Portland" events (one of those random, weird, unique things that only increases my love for this city).Mt. Tabor. Thousands of Portlanders in full summer mode (hmmm everyone seems to have a cooler). Marching band intermission. All sorts of creative mayhem powered only by gravity. Advice, go early, plan on not finding parking anywhere on the Mt. Tabor (though it's worth looking cause I did last year), better yet bike or get dropped off, bring tasty things to eat and drink, find a comfy spot, get off the road when they yell "get off the road!" and hit up Cheese Bar after (just cause it's close by and awesome).  Also download this event map (I wandered aimlessly last year).  soapboxracer.com/docs/20It starts in an hour, stop reading this and GO...don't worry it lasts all day beginning with scoping out the vehicles up close in the "pits" then spending the afternoon watching three at a time "races."
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2008,5/1/2008,222,561,3,14,14>Hands-down, the most expansive menu I've ever seen for a taco cart. Lots of vegan and vegetarian choices that looked tasty, and a meaty menu reminiscent of a regular restaurant. All at super cheap prices ($1.25 for a taco? $3.50 for a gigantic burrito? $4.00 for beans, rice, avocado, and tortillas? YES PLEASE.)And what can I say? They did the asada tacos right...double tortilla'd, onions and cilantro, perfect asada. The red salsa was also perfect--tasty with a huge kick. My mouth hasn't burned like that since...since...I was living on the border.I felt, for just a moment, that I was back in Mexico.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,4/30/2008,71,113,9,9,9>Voleur, you sexy, sexy rogue!The atmosphere here is what I have been searching all over Portland for!  Dark, old but not too dirty, classy but not too stuffy, sexy but not too slutty.  Aside from the booths and tables, there's little nooks with dim lighting and absolutely perfect ambiance.Their fries are the very image and taste of perfection through potatoes.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2008,4/29/2008,23,0,9,5,6>I have died and gone to Charcuterie Plate heaven.  Handmade and hand-cured meats, flawless service, gorgeous tables (I want to steal them, actually), simple and relevant wine list, 5 or 6 course prix fixe options, and the ever wonderful "substitutions are politely declined."  Naomi has done it again.Oh, and I'm sure that lamb we ate was really, really cute when it was alive, but good grief, it was delicious.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2008,4/28/2008,25,25,5,7,6>Try it for brunch. We go to Crush every month with a medium to large size group. We're probably a server's nightmare since we never know in advance how many people we're going to have, but the service has never been anything but impeccable (bribing the server with homemade cupcakes might have helped).The food is always above average for a restaurant and absolutely outstanding for a bar. I recommend whatever the french toast special happens to be.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,4/27/2008,38,82,5,7,6>The Taqueria Villanueva I go to is on SW 3rd Ave and Oak St.  It's somewhat near Stumptown Coffee and Ash St. Saloon, except on the other side of the street.This place has been consistently VERY good.  I've eaten here during the day and late at night.  Burritos seems to taste better at 2am, funny how that works, right?I'll post a picture above of what to expect.In terms of So-Calness, this place does an OK job.  I think they have their own flavor thing going on, and you end up with a carne asada burrito consisting of So-Cal style ingredients (only carne asada, salsa fresca, and guacamole - no rice, beans, lettuce, etc.), but it just tastes DIFFERENT.  And not in a bad way.The burrito is spicy.  It's juicy.  It's BIG.I don't know what they do with the meat at this cart, but they season it with crack.  I could eat 4 of these things in a row.  Seriously.The quesadillas they do here are damn good too.  Big tortillas.  Super-stringy cheese.  Really, stretch that sucker, because you can.I'm not going to say this is my favorite carne-asada so-cal burrito in town, but it's my favorite PDX-style carne asada burrito.  If you asked me to go here or La Sirenita in Sellwood, I'd have to really think about it.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2007,4/26/2008,39,155,3,7,8>Things I've done with stuff I brought home from the Rebuiding Center:1. put a new (old) knob on my bathroom door2. swapped out the $4.17 Home Depot light fixture for a cool vintage one3. constructed a desk out of a cool Victorian door (and some IKEA cabinets)4. made a cool wall mount coat rack out of an old door lintel5. found replacement parts for my cheap-ass sink6. bought a cool steel cabinet for storage in the basementThings I've dropped off at the Rebuilding Center:1. a 150 pound Victorian radiatorIn short, this place rocks. Bring your coat during winter, its not heated. They even have cool classes to teach you to make stuff out of their wonderful randomness of house parts. For the vintage house recycling freaks like me, this is truly Nirvana.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2008,4/25/2008,78,211,1,14,7>More tapas...more GOOD tapas, in Portland.  Everyone's always comparing and arguing: "Oh, go to Toro Bravo for tapas, or "No, go to Lolos for tapas".  I say go to both, because they both offer a unique and good dining experience and are both welcome additions to the food scene of North and NE Portland.  The rundown...The food at Lolo is delicious.  I really enjoyed every mouthwatering morsel, and we sampled a-plenty.  Not to compare, because the dishes are not identical, but I think the salt cod cakes are a step up from Toro Bravos, with more flavor.  The special tonight was trout medallions.  They were exquisitely tasty, and sold out within an hour.  Kudos to the chef!  The serrano ham and manchego cheese croquettes are fried into savory, crispy, flavorful tapas.  Yummy.  We also tried the new potatoes with mojo verde and mojo picon--green and red spices balanced with a nice offset of salad greens for some sparkle. The cocktail special was a spiced pineapple margarita--it wasn't bad, a bit unusual with jalepeno undertones, but for $9 it could have come in a larger glass :-)  I would probably stick with the wines--they offered several, as well as a few beers.Dessert--even though as usual, I had no room--was amazing.  The owner recommended the flan as his personal favorite, but I guess we were in more of a doughnut mood.  Fried churros dipped in your choice of chocolate or honey. Sinfilly good--like elephant ears at the fair, only fresher and more fun when served on white china with dipping sauces!  A nice environment, on the small side (tables are close together), with lots of windows in front, black chalkboards, a bar along one side, and the overall style is modern but not over-the-top--with comfortable cushy chairs.Ok, I didn't want to compare this place to Toro Bravo because I honestly think they are both great.  But, in case you readers want to know the diff, here it is:Chances of a Getting a Table - Toro Bravo seems to be much busier, so if you don't want to wait for dinner, you might check Lolo, especially earlier in the evening, say before 7pm or so.  I hear they get much busier later, and I counted only 20 tables--so the place is small and I would imagine you will have to wait at either place on a busy evening.Ambiance - Both Toro Bravo and Lolo are loud--Lolo has tile floors and with all those hard surfaces in such a small space, it will get loud.  Personally, I found the ambiance quieter and lower key overall at Lolo than at Toro Bravo, but then again the place wasn't entirely full yet. Menu - The Lolo menu is much smaller.  That isn't necessarily a bad thing--what they do make they make well, plus they offer nightly specials.  But, if it is variety you have in mind, Toro Bravo offers more selection.  I find the complexity and blending of flavors to be better executed at Toro Bravo, but that is probably a matter of opinion.  Either place serves a delicious meal.Service - The service at Lolo was friendly, speedy, helpful, and top notch.    Prices - The prices are fairly similar; you'll probably spend $30-40 each person, which is including drinks and dessert.  Tapas are $5-9 at Lolo, and raciones (main dishes) are $14-19, dessrts are about $8.The owner, Giorgio, was helping the front of the house--seating people, helping to bus tables, and personally checking the satisfaction of each table.  This is a nice touch, and it's always good to see the personal attention go into a new restaurant.  Overall - 4+ stars - Lolo is a welcome addition to the Alberta neighborhood, definitely give them a try.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,4/24/2008,80,286,13,10,11>Well, this morning I'm sore. Not from the Sex on my Face, but from the dancing. Laura, you're awesome. What a turn out huh? It was great to see such a large happy group of hoodie toting, Yelp card tossing, YelpStick wearing attractive people in one spot. I'm just sorry I couldn't meet everyone. And wow for the Seattle representation, good lo!Green Papaya was a good location for this event, dance floor, booths and tables, kind of seperate bar area, 2 exits. Although Krista and I were almost left in the dust when people decided to clear out, as we were getting fresh air on the less used side. A small selection of the app's fit the bill, and Brandon and I were lucky enough to score some extra drink tickets off a fleeing Yelper, bring it! And DJ RNA throwing down the Lyrics Born, lovelovelove it. Don, you and your lovely dancing wife are fabulous.I love Yelpers, and I had a wonderful time. Can't wait for the pics (AC, Justin).
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,4/23/2008,14,99,4,11,7>You know you're about to have a great Italian meal when everyone sitting around you is speaking Italian. I went with the basic spaghetti and meatballs, which oddly was their special of the day, and the marinara sauce was incredible. It was by far the best sauce I've had here in Portland. The staff was incredibly friendly and treated me like I ate there everyday even though this was my first time. They also have what appears to be an awesome deli with lots of meat selections. I will be back, I cant believe it took me so long to find this place!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,4/22/2008,45,71,10,11,9>First off any place that offers me alcohol at 10 o'clock in the morning without an ounce of judgment is a-okay in my book! What can I say I trust my most precious parts to Mindy and every time I come out laughing and in tip top shape!  I love their website and convenient online appointments and also their extremely friendly staff!  The building is so cute and just far enough away from the pearl to actually find parking which is great!  These girls are amazing and if you have any questions or nervousness believe you me that there is nothing they haven't seen before or done!  If anything you will leave feeling much "lighter" and with a smile on your face...how many people can say that after getting a wax in their neither regions???
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2011,6/5/2012,113,90,7,12,9>Oh My Noms, Holy Macaroni, Jesus Cheezus, etc etc etc. This is basically every big kid's dream. I haven't had a better mac and cheese meal in all my days of mac and cheesing, and that's a lot of days. Seriously, I'm just like the rest of you elitist foodie Portlanders - constantly in need of the best food and beer, and spoiled to anything less. When it comes to cheesy carbalicious comfort food, you needn't look further.Each mac dish seems to have a base light cream sauce with plump elbow pasta, and you pick one of their delicious creations of various cheeses, meats, and veggies. Their menu is online and the link is above, so you can do the work.. but I can personally attest that the Caprese, Cordon Bleu, and Four Cheese dishes were all AMAZING. (No, I'm not that much of a fat kid, I just steal my friends' food)As if that's not enough to push you out the door, they also have a full bar. The beer selection isn't huge, but it needn't be with two rotating local taps. They had Ninkasi's Total Domination IPA when I went, so that's all I need. They also had a menu of really interesting looking alchy drinks, including a bloody mary with a salt and cheese rim (!)Staff is super friendly, atmosphere is open and adorable with vintage lunch boxes, and the serving size will have you full and happy. A++
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2012,6/4/2012,33,135,6,9,8>Ehem *Does best Chris Traeger impression* This is literally, the best espresso I have ever tasted!I am not going to pretend to be some coffee know it all and go on about the deep aroma rich, spicy, chocolate and caramel undertones, or whatever the hell other adjectives you would use to describe coffee. Nor am I going to go on about the bouquet. Honestly, I just know good coffee when I taste and smell it and I don't know a damn thing about all that terminology, although I probably should. I have been working on numerous coffee farms in Kona for the last year and become a bit particular about my coffee. Since coming back, I've been going from place to place and so far Spella is my favorite place in Portland, sorry Stumptown. Sure, this place is about half the size of your average studio apartment closet, but that really doesn't matter. What matters is the coffee. Superb espresso pulled by friendly and fast staff. Yes, this is literally the best espresso I have ever tasted.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,6/3/2012,240,523,8,13,10>This is like one superior artisan cheese store. Ok, they don't sell cheese nor the store does smell like it. I don't even know why I made such analogy. They sell nice, well made, and artisan like clothes and accessories. And when I say well made, prices comes with it too. ;) Don't despair, they always run sale. The sought after brands and fabrics they use goes affordable more often than not. Due to the size of the store, the items are limited to the basic colors, classic styles, functional yet  modern fit. To all APC aficionados, they have them. You also must watch out for their Apolis accessories. They are worth the stare. They don't disappoint. Trust me. Try visiting them.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,6/2/2012,100,167,7,9,6>Farm House Cafe to me is why yelp was invented.  I have worked in the One Main Place building twice a week for 3 months now and I never knew amazing food was hiding RIGHT under my nose.  I am so relieved that my days of sandwich mediocrity are over!  I am so sick of subway but haven't found any convenient alternatives other than making them at home.  I'm not sure how I missed this place before.  Farm House looks pretty unassuming...like a typical office building cafe, it definitely doesn't strike you as the place that would have 4 or 5 star food.  After a friend got "zuke'd and scooter'd" at the elite event last night, I decided to find a good place to pick up lunch for him (and myself too of course).  For some reason I never thought about eating in the building.  Since I am off at noon, I always just get in my car and drive off and look for a place and never give it a second thought.He had the pastrami and I had the roasted chicken honey dijon sandwich.  I pretty sure I scarfed it down faster than my stomach sent my brain the "stop eating I'm full!" message, and well let's just say I'm stuffed and ready for a nap now after eating that! One of my biggest pet peeves for sandwich places is nasty mushy tomatoes.  Subway is such a crap shoot, it's about a 50/50 chance that they will have GOOD tomatoes.  This place definitely delivered there,  the tomatoes were super fresh and firm and BIG!  The lettuce was a leafy romaine or similar variety, and the provolone was a perfect choice of cheese for me.  I'm thinking I will treat myself to farm house once a week now.  5 stars for food, 5 stars for convenience, 5 stars for how excited I am to find a new place like this!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,6/1/2012,200,109,23,18,12>Holy funnuggets, Gaycation! How much fun, you might ask, does one funnugget contain? Well, friends, I am here to tell you: It contains the amount of fun it takes to make one pink-beskirted-dance-monkey's thighs quake from GETTING DOWN WITH HER BAD SELF for a week after said getting down occurred.If one or more of the following sounds fun to you, you may want to go to Gaycation:- Impromptu stage choreography for enthusiastic drunk crowds- Glitter vests- Three words: Rainbow disco ball- Happy queer people!- Non-judgmental dance environment!- Minimal creepazoidsI highly recommend this place. Well, actually, I've only been here once and honestly the ol' dancey dancey scene can vary from event to event and night to night, so let me qualify that: I highly recommend Gaycation. Unless you hate gay people, in which case you probably don't deserve fun ANYway, so you should just stay home and eat moldy waffles or whatever it is lame people do to get their rocks off.I actually had been assiduously avoiding Holocene because, well: "Hollow" + "Scene" = "Holocene." I mean that just doesn't sound like a good time, amirite? But all that changed when I won some tickets to Gaycation. I'm a sucker for free stuff, so I dragged my recovering-from-flu butt and my posse full of reluctant scenesters out with me, including a few straight folks who wondered if they should wear assless chaps (Answer: Only if you want to, but I'm thinking leather attire is a bad plan with all that sweating).I forced us all to get there early (9pm). The place was TOTALLY DESERTED, which was slightly spooky, but gave us ample time to thoroughly explore and stake out a table with a view of everything. There's a sunken dance floor with tables lined up along the front windows, a main bar on the mid-level, and a room that has a big ol' disco ball and stage and cash bar that overlooks the whole thing. Also there's some kind of VIP-looking room by the bathrooms, a photobooth (yay!) and a coat rack (WHICH IS AWESOME AND NECESSARY).Anyway. We got some drinks, which were terrible. About an hour later people started streaming in, and what do you know the next time we turn around it's PACKED and everyone's dancing. People are dancing in line to the bars. People have climbed on to the stage to dance. The dance floor is packed and jumping. I'm dancing right along with all these sticky bodies, and sweating the curl out of my hair and the eyeliner off my eyeballs.Such a nice change from the usual half-hearted scenester swaying or the equally dishearteningly prevalent skankariffic booty dance. These folks were clearly enjoying themselves and didn't care what anyone else thought. No stranger to not-giving-a-fuck, I joined 'em and will definitely be back for more.Points for improvement:- Those drinks really were awful. I mean SERIOUSLY. I am a rum enthusiast, and my rum n coke made me make a sour face. Either drink before you go, order something brand-specific, bring a flask, or go sober.- The (terrible) drinks were also kinda spendy, which is not unusual for dancey places. But fair warning.- Ventilation: There is something to be said for dancing so hard in a room completely packed full of other people dancing so hard that you all start to pour sweat down your glittery, luxurious man-rugs and ladylike decolletage, but sweet bejeezus it was hot. Get a ceiling fan or something.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,5/31/2012,143,429,21,17,17>Yep.  I'm definitely reviewing a sex shop.What I lady I am.I dragged two of my friends in here after hearing that one of them was completely sans toy.Seriously.  Like none?I felt it was my whorish duty to remedy this quickly.  First we stopped over at Fantasy on Burnside.  Fail.  That place was lame, and mostly stocked with weirdo fetish crap and hooker gear.Then I remembered reading about She Bop.  A female friendly sex boutique.  It was definitely worth a try.This place is truly awesome.  Theres a little bit of everything, and it's set up in such a clean, organized and relaxed way that it's easy to browse without feeling like you need to sift through the ridiculous x-rated novelties to get to the good stuff.  This place has to be run by women.There's a great selection of toys and novelties, and at all different price points.  The book section looked like it had some fun stuff too.  All the toys are out and fully charged too so that you can test the strength and vibration modes.A tip:  I've heard the best way to test this is to place the vibrator on your nose.  You'll look like a total idiot, but it works and it's usually pretty funny amongst friends.The gals working there were super helpful and nice, and the trip was a success.  I'll definitely come back to She Bop the next time I'm in the market for anything pertaining to boop booping.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,5/30/2012,188,386,14,13,10>"Does it feel like a belly flop?"No, says my friend, not exactly. Because that hurts all over your body."But like, the sting of a belly flop?"Maybe, he says. It's hard to explain.I was a little nervous about playing paintball for the first time. I'd heard it can really hurt, and my neck was still sore from bowling and that other teen-boy activity (see yelp.com/biz/sky-high-sp).But I'd paid for the Groupon a year ago, dammit, and time was running out.I'm so glad I went. Most of the players -- said the man handing out the guns -- were first- or second-timers. (The hardcore players, he said, go to a different place.) Lots were teen (some older and some younger) boys. But every person, either playing or working, was friendly and having a ton of good clean(esque) fun.You get to tromp over hills and creeks and hide behind trees and bunkers and bushes. There are several different courses with different objectives, and the games last 15 minutes apiece. You can play as long as you have paintballs.Whoever shows up before a game gets assigned to a team, which means that team strategy and goals usually get overshadowed by the individual's desire to stay in the game, scope out the enemy, and not get hit. I think I got one guy, but mostly I got hit. I usually lasted longer than my friend, though, whose MO turned out to be "wait...waaaaaaiiiit......RUN FOR IT!"Here's where they got me, in order of games played:1. My hand.2. My gun.3. Between the eyes (helmet).4. My chest (this is how you get paint on your face under the helmet).5. My leg.Here's where I got bruised:1. My leg.It takes about half an hour to get there from Portland, and even the drive -- feeling like you're getting out in the boondocks -- is pretty fun. If they Groupon again (just because the $45 regular cost is a bit more than I'd normally pay for a day of play), I'm totally there.I do think the sting is sorta like a belly flop. But a tiny belly flop in a very small area. I dunno. It's hard to explain.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,5/29/2012,145,186,6,15,17>Oswaldo Bibiano has rocked my rocket ship once again, but this time, in my very own neighborhood.I already wanted his autograph after partaking in the chilaquiles con epasote and enchiladas suizas at Autentica.  The place offers so many unique blends, unlike I have seen anywhere other than my mother and grandmother's kitchen.Mextiza manages to capture every small bit of Mexican childhood nostalgia, while meeting the highly raised bar that the culinary people of Portland have set. This is hard to do. The menu offers dishes from all over Mexico. Tijuana to Oaxaca, with an impressive array of Tequilas that will put hair on your chest just by browsing it.  If you are not a tequila person, it's ok. Their well thought out cocktails are superbly crafted with interesting ingredients such as piloncillo, mezcal and juniper berry bitters.  I had the Dona Margara and a sip of the Tepache, both perfectly shaken, both disappeared in seconds.We started with the topotos con frijol negro and the guacamole. The black beans were tasty but nothing too fancy, the pickled jalapeno salsa, I could have literally snorted.  The doraditas were two fresh tortillas, deep fried and shaped like mini tacos. Chorizo, potatoes, cabbage, crema, cotija and a pickled jalapeno on top.  In the background there was music "Los Caifanes,"and a few other childhood favorites such as "Mana."  The service was prompt, and friendly, and before we knew it, the place was hopping and packed. My friend ordered a Spanish coffee and they ran out of chocolate whipped cream. In my opinion whipped cream is what makes a Spanish coffee so that was the only bummer.The evening ended with fresh deep fried churros dipped in white chocolate sauce, chocolate cake and an ice cold hopworks beer.Did I already say that pumpkin empanadas were one of the dessert choices?  This is not your $1.50 taco joint, but the food and the experience is worth the extra dollars.Mextiza offers true Mexican cuisine at its finest, with the perfect amount of Portland flair.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,5/28/2012,202,297,4,12,9>Reasons why this is the best market in Hillsboro1. $2.99 for pork belly! Nowhere in Portland have I found it cheaper. It is not in their regular meat display. You have to ask for it special since it is reserved for chicharron con carne. 2. a vast selection of meats unrivaled in the burbs including house made Chorizo. The quality of meat is better here than at all the big chains. Compare their quality to Albertsons or WinCo and you will wonder why you would buy short rbs anywhere else. 3. A glorious hot foods section to behold. Did I mention chicharron con carne! YUM! Deep fried strips of pork belly. Deep fried tilapa, carnitas, pollo asado (roast chicken)4. An awesome taqueria tucked in the back with the BEST family dinner value in all of Hillsboro (dare I say ...the world!): 1.5 pounds of carnitas, 2 dozen tortillas, 1 pound of beans, 1 pound of rice. All this for $12!!! We are a family of 4 with 2 teenagers and we still have left overs. This family dinner is a recession buster! This little taqueria also has the largest salsa bar I have seen yet. I think there are at least 6-8 different salsas. 5. Customer service! Everyone here is so eager to help. Everyone is nice. Don't be intimidated that it is a Mexican market, everyone here speaks English.Take a break from WinCo, Albertsons, Safeway, etc. Take a chance. Supermercados is an absolute gem in Hillsboro
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,5/27/2012,265,215,5,8,7>Luc Lac in downtown Portland is now open, and does a hefty lunch business. I'm particularly excited for their late night open-until-4-am-on-Fridays-and-Saturdays hours. Vegans, don't fret--there are still a handful of vegan options on the menu, all clearly marked. The vegetable crispy rolls were a little oily but a nice snacky-type appetizer. I don't usually go for deep-fried vegetable rolls when I'm out, but these are better than others I've sampled. The vegan pho tastes different to me than it did when it was Pho PDX. The sweeter flavors come through in the broth--it's definitely not bland. Really good. Mushrooms, green beans, some baby corn and fried tofu round out the veggies. I really like this Pho--it's more flavorful than some others around town, it's affordable ($6.50), and the veggies and tofu are flavorful. Luc Lac also offers a happy hour, and though I didn't see the menu, I am so going to come see what it's about.I think this has become my go-to Pho place. Good broth, good veggie selection, fried tofu, nice service, and affordable. Bam.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/21/2014,107,149,7,14,13>I cant count how many times I have been told:Looking for a good Vermouth?  Go to PastaworksA great bottle of Prosecco? go to PastaworksCharcuterie? Yep...PastaworksI think the name alone and the fact that parking on Hawthorne when I was around was impossible prevented me from visiting.My apologies ...my visit was in the cards when I first found parking immediately outside the front door.Great fresh organic veggies and fruit...amazing  selection of fresh bread and cheese..and super friendly staff... Complete with a baby being pushed amidst delivering goods to shelves...hey I appreciate multi tasking and the baby seemed totally comfortable !:)If you are entertaining or putting together a cozy night at home.. This is the place to stock up...
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,4/20/2014,47,232,10,13,12>*phone ringing*"Hello, Mrs. Bento?  Is Mr. Bento available?  He's not?  Darn, well, could you spare a moment of your time, please?  I'd like to share my experience at your husband's store with you.  Nope, I'm not selling anything, I would simply like to lavish praise upon you.  This is acceptable to you?  Good.  Okay, first of all, I'd like you to know that the interior of your store is immaculate.  It is unrecognizable from the former occupant, which was Amy's Burger Shack.  Nice transformation there.  Additionally, on the interior: it's spotless.  Always.  I like that.  The predominant red, white and black color scheme was a good choice.  More interior: I doubt you've actually done it, but it would appear that you've increased seating capacity in the same amount of space that Amy's had.  I'm guessing it's just an illusion, or my poor ability to perceive things correctly, whatever.  It's good.Food: color me impressed, ma'am.  I've always associated bento with "boring".  You've done a lot to reverse that association for me.  Now, granted, I've only had the spicy chicken and beef options, but they were so masterfully prepared I don't hesitate to assign it such a lofty designation.  The accompanying salad - brilliant.  The lemony dressing is just sublime.  The only other time I've been in love this deeply with salad dressing was at Du's Grill in northeast Portland.  Trust me, that's high praise.  The inclusion of pot stickers, spring rolls and shrimp tempura with your bento is a nice touch, and one I wasn't expecting.  I will tell you that the pot stickers and spring rolls were unremarkable, but I liked the shrimp very much.  Recently Mrs. Brian I. had the fried tofu rice bowl and had a similar opinion about your food.  OH, before I forget, and/or lose your attention, please know that the prices are entirely reasonable.I'm looking forward to trying other things such as your miso soup (dine-in only) as well as the other proteins: shrimp and salmon.  I'll even put it out there that I am looking forward to a fried tofu bento myself soon.  This is significant in that I'm a tried and true carnivore, but your tofu was so good I need to get me summa that myself.Thanks for hearing my spiel, Mrs. Bento.  Please pass this along to Mr. Bento.  Welcome to the neighborhood."*click*
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,4/19/2014,949,916,23,37,31>***OMAKASE (Chef's Choice) OR GO HOME***Hands down one of the BEST Omakases I've had! After reading a lot about Cherylynn N's quests for omakase in SF, I was inspired to find some in PDX! (And I think I found the winner!)Micah Camden - owner of several successful Portland restaurants such as Little Big Burger and Blue Star Donuts. He is also the owner of Boxer Sushi and Boxer Ramen. I had tried all of his restaurants except Boxer Sushi. As I had my weekly sushi craving, it was a no brainer to visit Boxer Sushi. After the disappointing Boxer Ramen experience, I was glad I had an awesome experience at Boxer Sushi.[decor]Modern. Very chill space and relaxed. Multiple lanterns on the ceiling, simple walls and esthetics. The wall behind the sushi bar has a beautiful mural. [devour]*OMAKASE ($38 per person - 10 courses; ***5 STARS***)(1) Miso Soup [sorry no photo available] - this was probably the only bummer of the night. I felt the miso soup was watered down. I agree with Bryan I. - I too prefer a bit more miso in my soup.(2) Sesame Salad [sorry no photo available](3) Hirame (fluke) wrapped arugula (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe)(4) Aji (horse mackarel) with blood orange sauce (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe)(5) Lemon pepper tuna with Thai basil (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe)(6) Pickled plate (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe)(7) Nigiri plate (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe)(8) Tuna avocado roll (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe)(9) Spicy Scallop Hand Roll (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe) [sorry bad photo](10) Lychee Mochi (yelp.com/biz_photos/boxe)FYI =-Parking on the street or nearby neighborhood streets-Accepts CC's-Great place for a date or small groups (no more than 4 people)-If you sit at the bar you get to watch them make your food -If you don't feel like having the omakase, you can order some rolls (but I personally think you get a great deal with the omakase)-Recommend ordering Omakase if you're going as a group (they serve fam bam style)-Expect awesome service-Beer, wine and sake availableBEST $38 I've ever spent! And I would do that again  ^_^ Granted the sushi chefs aren't traditional, but you will find that they prepare elaborate dishes which are simple, clean and blissful. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED Yelp 2013 200+ Reviews Challenge (going for 250!) - Review #204
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,4/18/2014,71,373,7,9,7>I had the best meal of my life.It's a really strong statement, I know, but I'm pretty sure it happened last night. That's why this warrants a review update, to share my amazing okamase semi-anniversary dinner of 6 courses, handcrafted by Fransiscus Odaya.Minor details: We had to make a reservation a day in advance, and they offered a sake pairing which we delightfuly included. (see photo of menu)Course 1: Albacore + Eggplant + Fennel- The best eggplant I've ever had, and I've had a lot of eggplant. Savory and saucy all the way through. The tiny tomatoes on top were a nice splash of acid. Oh, and the tuna? Fan-freaking-tastic and fresh. The fennel-infused sauce tied everything together.Course 2: Sushi + Sashimi- See photo. Literally every fish they had in-house was given to us. Each fish was a part of a flavor rollercoaster. I can easily declare that this was the pinnacle of the meal.Course 3: NZ + Tomato Confit + Borderlaise- My boyfriend's grandfather was an Angus farmer, so he's really hard to impress when it comes to steak. His views on beef were shattered by this course. the wagyu was cooked perfectly medium rare. Paired with the confit and tomato, it was a symphony.Course 4: Glacier 51 Toothfish + Tare Buerre Blanc- The toothfish is kind of a badass fish and you should read about it sometime. With that sad, the filet of it was quite majestic. Perfectly crispy skin and not dry or tough whatsoever. The white butter made this filet somehow heavier than the previous steak course. which blew both of our minds. It might have also been too rich at this point of our meal, but that wouldn't be fair to how perfect this dish was prepared.Course 5: Surf & Turf + Geisha- I've had the latter maki before, and it's quite a luxurious experience. Eel, avocado, shiromi elegantly replaced in rice, topped with tuna and a yuzu sauce. Thoroughly satisfying and elegant. The Surf + Turf is quite a clever play on the traditional: savory braised pork with scallop, wrapped in soy bean nori and infused with a ginger honey sauce. Again, we probably didn't appreciated the Surf & Turf as much as we could have, given how rich the last two courses were. Regardless, their specialty rolls are creative and delicious.Course 6: Anago + Mascarpone + Cashew- Ever had eel for dessert? I have now. If you didn't tell me there was eel in this delightful pastry, I wouldn't have questioned you. The fattiness of the anago was balanced by the sweetness of the mascarpone and the saltiness of the cashew. This would have sealed the deal in Iron Chef if the secret ingredient was eel.I'm pretty sure Fransiscus is a warlock of some sort, but I don't think we should burn him. We should praise him and ask him his dark secrets so we can all make amazing cuisine like him.Best. Meal. Ever.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,4/17/2014,61,176,4,13,8>If you want to unwind with a dry sauna they got that?Take a nap ? They got that. Mineral bath? Got it. A massage ? For damn sure they got it! Only downside is that you might fall asleep and miss out on the body work.This place is a piece of heaven when it comes to a day of relaxation. Reasonable rates for everything. They are relatively new so I am sad that when the rest of Portland storms it I will no longer be able to just walk in.  However I do hope that happens and Fly Dragon is around for a long time.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,4/16/2014,49,90,1,31,20>I've been seeing Alice K. for quite some time.  For years.  This is a true story.  So, I was sitting across from the head of cardiothoracic surgery, which is nothing you want to do at age 30.  I asked him if I would ever be able to get another tattoo again.  He told me that there's a time in your life where you just have to accept your old life is over.  So, in the days ticking down before a surgery was about to change my tattooing ways forever, I asked my friend who he thought would have the skill to tattoo artwork on me (by an artist who worked in a children's hospital and whose neice had open heart surgery).  He said to me that only one person came to mind who had the skill:  Alice K.  But she books up for months in advance!  And I had been given the news so suddenly, I'd probably be out of luck.  I had to try.Anyway, why am I writing this obnoxiously personal story on Yelp?  Because in short, only a true artist would squeeze you in after hours, tattooing your testament to heart surgery.  And only a true artist would do it so well that a nurse in ICU would look at the painting on your skin and ask you almost word for word if your tattoo means what you intended it to mean.  Some tattooists put images on skin.  Alice puts art on skin, with all the heart, meaning and integrity an artist should have.  That's why you should go to Alice if you have something you cherish that you want close to you for life.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,4/15/2014,73,149,6,13,10>As I was leaving my appointment at 2nd & Madison Dental, I received a voicemail from the respected dental office in my neighborhood at which I'd left my contact information a week prior, inquiring about new patient appointments. They offered me an appointment for 4 months in the future.Yeah, so, about that...2nd & Madison got me in within 2 days of my call. The office is bright, clean, and relaxing. They offer complimentary candy and ice water. CANDY! The staff are courteous and efficient, and Dr O'Loughlin (who introduced herself as Cindy - so cool!) was friendly, gentle, and not condescending in the least. She was the most thorough and informative DMD I've seen in ages. Quick x-ray, exam and an excellent cleaning by Taylor, and I was out the door. Super pleased by the whole painless experience. I guess it doesn't hurt that my toofs appear to be genetically superior and have never had a cavity despite my chronic CANDY! obsession - but I didn't tear up even slightly during any of the mouth spelunking. That's impressive.There are very few places that make me wish I could add a 6th star... A few days after my appointment, as I ran over to pick up my (complimentary) custom molded bleaching trays after work, I hadn't realized that 2nd & Mad closes at 5 on Fridays rather than 7. It was 630. As I was walking away, Cindy saw me unlocking my bike, ran over and opened the door, and was totally happy to grab my stuff for me. What a great lady and a great dental office. I'm telling all my friends to go here. Hell, I'd even tell enemies, cuz dental health is important.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,4/14/2014,148,128,4,7,5>This is the first time that I've been to this clinic and was referred due to their orthopedic specialist being located here.I like the fact that this facility has ample parking and easy access from the highway.When checking in, I was promptly greeted and politely directed to the section that I needed to go to.  You'd think that the orthopedic section would be on the ground floor, but naw... why do that when you can make people who have knee, feet, and achilles issues trek upstairs... ha-ha... Yes, they do have an elevator and it works great, but still kinda silly in my opinion.The check-in process was simple and easy and I only had to fill out 1 document, so I guess that's a plus :-)... The Dr. was friendly and communicative in relaying treatment issues and didn't have a "Dr. House" complex (which is okay I'd guess if he really was that good... ha-ha).Anyway, I really like the quick processing, little waiting around, and professional attitude of the staff and Doctors.If you're looking for a new Doctor, The Portland Clinic has the facilities and staff to get you back on your feet!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,4/13/2014,148,708,14,20,17>"Are you sure?" My lunch date says dubiously as I drag them into the golf center. Yes, I read it on Yelp. What a total find. What a bizarre place. I love finds. I love bizarre. Inside the building there are pool tables, tv, dart boards, video games, foozball table, a counter where you can buy buckets of balls to swing at out back...we observed a guy with two buckets and two beers. Guess thats his idea of lunch. Our idea of lunch? Well, at the cafe counter in back, theres a lovely Asian couple serving up Korean food ( 0h theres burgers too, of course, but dont do that, I'm sure its all good but KOREAN FOOD!!)Two men were eating big bowls of spicy something, hunched down with chopsticks...it.smelled. good. That swayed lunch companion. I got chicken bibimbap, they got pork bibimbap. When I asked what kind of meat was in it he gave a long description of what is in it which was ok but not necessary. I do like having a meat choice as some places will only do beef in their bibimbap. The bibimbap was yummy! Like my Korean auntie made it. Oh ok I dont have one of those ( I wish!). Yummy veggies, rice, egg ( dining companion wished it was runnier), Siracha, tasty meat ( small amount. More of a condiment). I enjoyed it. My only wish was a tiny bit less siracha. Itd be nice if you could add that yourself to adjust the heat. But. Seriously good. And reasonable. And happily odd. Oh! And clean! And the couple was very nice to us. Totally doing that again.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,4/12/2014,126,304,5,9,7>If Tiffany & Co & Willy Wonka had a baby, Mirolo Chocolatier would be it. My eyes widen anytime a new business opens. When I saw the tiffany blue logo and clear glass chandeliers and displays filled with little goodies, I heard little angels sing. There are beautiful cakes, chocolate dipped madelines, coconut macaroons, big french macarons, and sweet little cream puffs and lots of little colorful chocolate "buttons" as A calls them. We wanted everything! Then, on the menu there were flavored steamed milks, chocolate sodas, fresh ice creams, and more. Wow. This is seriously my new favorite place.I was offered a sample of their milk or dark chocolate as I browsed my options. They make everything in house and only use locally sourced products, Valrhona chocolate, and organic hormone-free milk. We ended up getting pretty much one of every flavor chocolate, a french macaron,and a lemon cream puff with burnt sugar crust. The cream puff oozed wtih cream (my fave part) and the caramel crust was a lovely texture. We enjoyed the french mac though not our fave in the area. The chocolates though? Awesome! They had a crunchy shell and were filled with creamy ganache. The flavors were blowing our minds. Our faves were the raspberry rose and passion fruit habenero (a touch spicy!). They have fun combos for the kidlets too like the rocky road bar.A already knows that this is the place he needs to go to cheer me up no matter what because who can really get happier than a kid in a candy store? Or in this case an adult in a gourmet chocolate shop?
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,12/22/2013,133,183,6,6,6>Hands down this is the best taco I can ever remember,I'll always remember the sound of Telenovelas,the painted pictures on the windows,the scent of carnitas that I ate with my fingersand the time on the clock when we realized it's so lateand this green sauce that we shared together.The streets were wetand drive through was open, so I pulled up,and got my order in.And you stood at the window with my food in a bag,and I tipped you like I meant it.And I knew it's delicious,it's delicious,it's delicious,and I knew,it's delicious,it's delicious.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,12/21/2013,145,218,2,7,6>At first I really didn't like sour beers.  But hell, I used to not like IPAs and hoppy beers too!  They say you have to try something like 14 times before you "learn" to like something, but for me, it was 2.  The first time I had a sour beer I hated it.  I didn't like the flavor, the mouth-feel, or the flavor, I really don't remember much else about it.  I was introduced to this place during a pedicab brewery tour (which was awesome btw) as it was one of the places I had never been to.  I let the tour guide pick based on what he like, and I have to say, I loved every single one of them.  The tasters are the way to go, and the staff is knowledgeable and will make sure you try them in the proper order.  There is a limit to how many each person can have at once, but being in the group we had every offering to try!  They have a food menu is extensive, along with suggested pairings.  They have several vegetarian options but it appears the vegan choices are limited.  Great drinks, cool patio, this is one of my favorite unique beer spots!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,12/20/2013,95,86,12,12,10>I didn't intend to go Cabezon that night. It was an incidental "this place looks cool, wanna check it out?" kinda decision that turned out to be ONE OF THE BEST RESTAURANTS I'VE TRIED IN PDXTIPS:MAKE A RESERVATION Serious. They were really cool and found room for us at the bar, but this isn't a giant restaurant. We got lucky just rolling up, but if we'd insisted on a table? It could have been a very late dinner.DON'T RULE OUT THE BARI'd imagine the rest of the tables are pretty nice, but the bar? We got to chat with the staff (who were all really friendly and attentive), had a great view of the cooking, and we even got to chat with the chefs after the meal. One of the best seats in the house (and to be fair, the only one I've tried)GET AN APPETIZER (SPECIFICALLY THIS ONE)They all looked good, but we went with the Mussels with borlotti beans, Spanish chorizo, fries and rouille. I'll admit, we cheated and looked at Yelp to see what everyone suggested. After trying this? I can see why it got such rave reviews. The Mussels were super fresh and delish, the beans and chorizo set up a beautiful smoky base, and the fries and aioli were consumed just as dinner was arriving.GUARD YOUR PLATE FROM OTHERSTypically I'm a  "can I try a bite of that?" kindayelper, but this time? I got the Black Cod with Crab Curry over rice. ZOMG this dish was amazing. Served with the skin, it gave it a perfect crunchiness as you sank down into the comforting softness of fish, rice, and curry. I'm usually pretty good with sharing, but so help me I was ready to shiv someone if they tried to take a bite from my plate (and yes, I finally relented and let my friend take a bite but it wasn't easy)SAVE ROOM FOR DESSERTI'm typically a "No, it's cool. I'm watching my waistline" kinda dude when it comes to dessert. but my friend insisted. We got the Maker's Mark whiskey ice cream profiteroles with chocolate sauce and candied hazelnuts, and at one point found myself calculating how the caloric content of the dish would be changed if I inadvertently snagged one of her fingers in the frenzied process of consuming as much of it as possible. Seriously. This dessert was AMAZING (and ok, next time I come I'm ordering my own)Had a fantastic time, and can't wait to go back!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2013,12/19/2013,121,1306,4,7,6>The guy running the show here has a love for soup. In some delis, the soup sometimes feels like an afterthought, but not here. The sandwiches are built to be able to dip in soup if you're into that sort of thing (who isn't?!), which makes them rather unique to the sandwich scene. They're pressed on a sturdy slab of bread that is equal parts crunchy and soft. It won't succumb to the soggy soup if you're intent on dipping. The soups I've had thus far are on point. I wouldn't ever bother with the chips or potato salad as a sandwich side. I pledge allegiance to the soup forever more. They're always substantial in flavor and mouthfeel, which, again, is perfect for dipping. The number of sandwiches trumps the number of soups on the menu because who doesn't like dipping options? The soups rotate, the sandwiches don't. I have yet to be disappointed by a single sandwich. They all have a very good meat:bread ratio. The condiments are applied with care, so they don't get soggy if you aren't eating right away. Substitutions are easy-peasy (I want a vegan sando with turkey instead of tofurkey. Shocking, I know.). The hours cater to the nearby college, which is great for those of us who want a sando for dinner. These are perfect sandwiches for any time of day, as evidenced with the number of egg options. South Paw is a great addition to the sandwich repertoire, which is really just an excuse for more soup.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,12/18/2013,86,292,3,6,3>When I think of good, I mean, really really good mexican food... Nuestra Cocina is the one, hands down!I only like my Margaritas made from scratch, no neon green fillers please, and I only like my mexican food as close to authentic as possible! No refried beans and greasy rice on my plate!  So now you know how picky I am on my mexican food, and yes, these guys deserve my 5 stars all the way!I've been back twice so far, and it's just as good every time. We even brought our friends out here for dinner, all the way from the burbs in wine country... it's that good!Though the wait is long, we don't mind...we always belly up to the bar and order fresh margaritas and chips/guac while we wait... they deliver quick for the 2 guys working the bar. Can you pour 6 margaritas at one time? These guys are on their game!  and the homemade chips are delish!For how small this place is, they do one hell of a business! Our first time here, we sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen, It was awesome to see all the chefs in action and the lady making fresh tortillas non stop! Everything we tasted was executed to perfection. I can't remember everything we ate, we tried so many small plates... or maybe it's all the margaritas we drank! When our friends or family say "hey, lets go for some mexican food" I always say not unless it's Nuestra Cocina!Nothing compares to the fresh tasting food and drinks these guys make.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,12/17/2013,426,1757,3,9,9>Hello fellow sports fans!Northwest Man Cave is a new store that carries a variety of merchandise to outfit your very own man/woman cave. It is nice to see a sports themed store that fills the gap between Just Sports (team apparel) and Dick's/Sports Authority (equipment). There is a mix of sports (with football and baseball currently the best represented), but the store just opened this month, so I imagine they may start getting more from the Timbers, Blazers, etc. in the future. Although certain teams are probably pretty strict allowing other stores to sell their items when they have a local presence.And while there is both a Ducks and Beavers section, it really covers teams across the nation. I actually would prefer a little more regional focus (I'm personally biased towards Pac-12 teams, and Stanford in particular. Go Cardinal!), but I would be pretty psyched if I was a Red Sox or Yankees fan, since it is rare to see so much branded merchandise for a team across the country. Lots of bar ware, but I was most interested in the furniture and housewares, including flags (for the yard or windows) and metal wine bottle holders for various sports. There were a number of items I haven't seen before and I was particularly amused by the "Growler on Board" travel item. Basically, some ingenious guy solved a problem faced by tailgaters everywhere. When his wife got tired of him transporting his growler buckled in the child seat, he took that concept and made a stable transporting case for three growlers at a time. Currently it is only in WA colors (UW and WSU), but local colors are probably on the way. The owner was fantastic and open to ordering items for my particular teams. The store location is a little problematic. Even those that have lived/worked in Wilsonville for quite some time may say, "I didn't know there were stores there?" Just continue on Boones Ferry Road south, past the Fred Meyer store, and it will be on your right before you hit the river. I learned about this store because another new local business, The Beer Station, gave them a shout out on social media. Really nice to see small businesses in my community work together.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,12/16/2013,188,386,9,12,14>Lightbar, you're alright, bar!I've been here a handful of times now and have had great experiences. It feels like they're still working out some kinks here and there, but the food and drinks are excellent and the main bartender is TOPS. The first thing I ate here was a grilled cheese sandwich, and it quickly hit the list as one of the fanciest and yummiest grilled cheeses I've ever had.Things I have experienced here, on different visits:- Our adult scout troop had a meeting of about 20 people & projected our slide deck onto one of the walls. The music was a little loud, but the place worked out alright.- I had a featured molecular gastronomy experimental gelatin sculpture "cocktail." It was fas-cin-A-ting. If you see something like that, I mean, you have to try it, right?- A random fella asked me out and I totally started dating him.*Depending on the night & the lights, the environment can vary significantly. I've been witness to Irish music, jazz, electronica & lighting schemes that shift from green to red to yellow to blue to purple. It's interesting, but can occasionally drive one to distraction.There's more to be said, and it's kind of a ya-have-to-decide-for-yourself kinda thing, but in general: interesting space, lovely people running the place, yummy food & great drinks. So there's some gold at the end of this rainbow, for sure.*results not typical
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,12/15/2013,123,492,8,8,8>"What's the best new place you've been to this month?"Well it's not new, but it's totally new to me, so that makes it the best new place I've been to this month.  It makes me so nostalgic for Vicolo back when it was a pizza place and pizza was its own food group, at least according to my 20-something nutritional guidelines.  My thoughts on nutrition have evolved in the last 20 years or so, but I would be hard-pressed to turn down an invitation to Dove Vivi no matter how many times per week such an offer is extended. Thick, chewy cornmeal crust pizza loaded with super fresh toppings.  I cannot get enough of their goat cheese pizza.  It is so fresh and creamy I half expect to find a little goat out back selling her milk in exchange for your pizza crusts.Be sure to follow them on Facebook so you always know the daily pizza and salad specials.  But beware; seeing their pizza specials pop up in your news feed can have disastrous consequences on your plans to "stay home and cook."
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2013,12/14/2013,320,479,7,12,10>In the summertime, this is the place to be: outside on the patio.So OK, maybe the vibe on Friday and Saturday nights is a little pretentious.  There aren't that many venues in Portland where people dress to impress and quite frankly, I prefer it over the grubby hipster dress that has overrun the rest of the city. The vibe is more relaxed and casual earlier during happy hour from 4-6 PM.  Please don't confuse casual with grubby.  Another thing to keep in mind, later in the evening on the weekend there can be a line to get in.I always order the Tasho Macho cocktail, extra spicy; Fabio is my preferred bartender as he is the only one that knows how to make this cocktail sufficiently spicy.  This is not a drink for pussies.  Another thing: I love the Departure Wings and order them every time.  Everything I've ever tried has been quite good which is why I love it so much in the summertime.I always recommend that out-of-towners make a stop at Departure for happy hour. The views from the patio and even indoors can't be beat.  Order the Tasho Macho, extra spicy from Fabio if you think you can handle it - and some wings!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,12/13/2013,236,543,8,14,13>Let's talk shoes.The origin first humans in Africa were barefooters. But about 40,000 years ago, far into our species' migrations, tool-making ancestors invented shoes. By then, they had traveled far afoot and crossed oceans without Top-Siders.Cobblers that made shoes to order in the hood'. Shoe factories. Overseas everything. Mass leather manufacturing. Sport shoe Titanics. Patent and trademark fights over shoes. Zappos vs Solestruck. We've been through a lot as a species since the origin of shoes. And I have some funny stories of shoe obsessed friends to tell sometime if you know me in person. In my high school, the fashion was big heavy European mountain boots. We did have snows. Those boots had Vibram soles that were proven sh*t magnets. Built to last several lifetimes though. The heavy hiking boots eventually took their toll on comfort, so I switched after a while in P-town to a Danner Light bought in a Portland Danner store. They may not look like much but they get the job done in the USA. Still wear them.Those big Euro mountain boots, Danner does those. Logger, electrically insulated, steel toe, work, hiking, hunting, false tongue kilts, desert military, no leather - they do. You can see a subset of their cool boots in downtown Portland at this small retail store. They opened recently with a well executed party. Cool Yelpers represented. Someone should have photographed all the cool attendee shoes. The store vibes Northwest with a focus on 4-15" lace up brown and black leather boots in Euro mountain to logger designs. They have a very cool dressing room, immediately cool kid occupied for the opening, modeled on a teardrop trailer with pre-mid-century wall paper inside. Wood paneled walls everywhere. A mossy and native plant living logo wall.Amid all this coolness, which old-school Danner has just stepped into, is the fact that some Danner boots are actually still made in the USA. The boots carried in this Portland store are the lines made in Portland. That's really cool!!And Danner is doin' it right in the 'hood. Danner collaborated on a boot design with Tanner Goods and sells Tanner Goods belts in the store.This is a good spot for Portland shoe shoppers to check. And a good spot for Portland visitors needing Northwest shoes, uniquely made here! If you are a web shopper, Danner has the Breakroom that has some pretty cool sales sometimes. This Portland company, founded over 80 years ago, is as authentic as it gets. Visit to audition authentic on your feet.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,8/9/2014,45,109,3,8,7>I love this place, and I hesitate to spread the word because I don't want it to get any more popular than it already is. Selfishly.I first heard about the Growlerie through my husband, whom heard about it through his friend. The first time he brought me home some kombucha, which I had never tried. It was DELICIOUS. The Growlerie has a rotating supply of local and seasonal beers, Hard Ciders (my current addiction) wines, and fresh Root Beer. Their options are always changing and you can view their current selections on their website. They even show you when they tap a keg, when the keg is almost empty and when they are bringing on the next selection. It really is a cool idea. They have about 40 options at any time. They also sell various sizes of growlers and carrying vessels. They also have a seating area with snacks and Charcuterie plates (from Olympic Provisions - yum!), with a view of the man-made lake there. You can take the drinks to go, sip at the bar or take your drinks over to the seating areas (in and outside).The employees are always extremely friendly and will provide you samples of anything you would like to try (even when they are busy). Which is how I came to find all the special Hard Ciders they have, which taste nothing like those ciders you find at the grocery store...not nearly as sickly sweet.Watchout for game days, they can be a bit busy, so plan to visit on off hours so you can try a few samples and choose your brews.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,8/8/2014,236,543,8,10,10>We all know snack food. But healthy snack food is a sticky wicket. It's an oxymoron. But the more healthy food, the longer you can live to Yelp another day. So it's needed. And it is desired. Pacific Kale makes Kale Chips that do healthy-tasty. Kale Chips are dried flavored kale. That is the green leafy vegetable that grows here in gardens. It is tougher than most lettuces.  Dried lettuce would evaporate. Substantial kale, dried, lays down like a tasty lamb.I have tried several of their flavors and they are yummy and healthy. They are great snacks and would be stellar additions on top of salads or other dishes, added last, maintaining their crunchy dryness. I met the sister of the founder and she sprinkles them on her mac and cheese. They are a small Portland business, so contact them direct to find out which stores have, or how to find them, or how to get them in other cities.By the way, the Kale Chips packages are great in gift bags or sending a gift to out of town friends as an example of unique food products here. They ship without refrigeration or restriction to anywhere in the US.Yum, crunch, vitamins, healthy, local, wow.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/7/2014,538,208,28,23,20>Prior to coming into Luc Lac, we walked past a car, parked in the sun with the windows just barely cracked with three large pit/lab/springer mixes barking hysterically at everything that passed by.  This was disconcerting to begin with, but the car and dogs were in view so we elected to keep an eye on them during dinner- not because we're the type of person to dictate to random strangers how to care for their dogs, but because we work with dogs for a living and watch all summer long as people jeopardize their dogs lives by leaving them parked in the sun. Despite the distress caused by the hot dogs, we went in for, what would turn out to be, one of the most delicious meals we've ever had. This is now one of our favorites. Claire ordered the peanut curry, and I the coconut veggie curry. We were seated surprisingly quickly, and our drinks and appetizer were served promptly. Don't judge a book by a cover here- the service folk might LOOK like they carry heavy attitudes at first, but they really are very professional and friendly. I genuinely LIKED the people working here. It was just simple and pleasant. Our food came and... WOW. Such fantastic prices for such generous portions of AMAZING food. We had leftovers- I ate mine a couple days later and it was still delicious. I will say this- the seating arrangements can take you in either direction when it comes to the conversations you'll eavesdrop on. Luc Lac offers dinner AND a show, depending upon who you're seated next to.  We had the pleasure of being seated next to the couple who was having a "where-is-this-relationship-going" debate. I mean, this was the most pretentious conversation about how Mr. Derp was heavily inspired by his own music, and Miss Derp wasn't, but it was okay- he just didn't know where the roads were leading because of such. No, it's not a joke. He talked about himself, his interests, his needs, his concerns.... THEE ENTIRE HOUR we were there. They'd been seated prior to our arrival too, so I can only imagine how long the windbaggery had been going on. The girl who was barely engaged in the conversation was very obviously capitulating to the very inevitable "end" he was illustrating. I was almost gasping for air by the time we left the restaurant because of these folks, mostly because their melodrama was so intense. Anyway, as we walked out of Luc Lac, the car was still parked there with the three dogs STILL hot and barking. We began to dial non-emergency police and another patron joined us on her phone doing the same.  Suddenly, who should arrive to the car but... you guessed it. "Where-is-this-relationship-going" Mr. and Miss Derp. Expressing that the dogs were ok, they got into their car and drove off as though that pot-stirrer back in Luc Lac had never happened. I'd love to say "It's none of my business". Because I want it to not be. I have no interest in people I'm not already involved with.  But I was given a well-acted presentation and I went ahead and watched with Claire. Luc Lac; a place for lovers.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,8/6/2014,25,56,2,9,6>what a cute little place you are!!  loving the space!! making me feel like i was in thailand!!  (whatever that means because ive never been.. but who cares because i loved everything about your atmosphere!)i wish you can open later on weekends for my drunk cravings. mmmm... nom nom. all the flavors were spot on and i just wanted to drink all of their special sauces! their portions are on the smaller side but this gives you a reason to try more dishes! i went with a friend and we inhaled 7 plates of food.   : D   #proudmoment
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,8/5/2014,18,191,15,12,11>This place is kinda strange. Kinda very strange, but its also pretty dope. The bar isn't anything incredible, the food isn't anything to pay money for, but the shows they put on there are all really great. If they had coolers where I could just pick a beer, sit back and watch one of the improv shows, I'd be a happy man. You've got to be a silly person to like this place. I am that kind of person. If you're coming here for ANY other reason than the entertainment, you will be disappointed. I'm not kidding. The parking sucks too. I forgot about that. Just come in, see a cheap and funny show and then go somewhere else afterwards. There are plenty of places in the neighborhood that are all really great, so it's no big deal. Don't be lazy, it's just a few blocks. You can walk off some of that beer, or heaven forbid the Irish nachos you shared with someone. Why would you even do that? The Irish don't know anything about nachos. That was really stupid of you.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/4/2014,184,178,8,9,9>Saucebox strays far from traditional, instead this edgy, high tempo, Asian hot spot provides a fusion of flavor done right. I've eaten dinner a few times but what I keep coming back for is their awesome HH. The staples typically never change but they always seem to be throwing down new items to keep things interesting. So if you're in the area looking to satisfy your hunger go get some food that will send your mouth a karate chop of flavor! Also, if you find yourself stumbling out of Mary's, Baileys or Tugboat and need to take your buzz further they have an insanely inventive cocktail list organized by your favorite spirits. I recommend the Dragon Fire, this fierce and fiery cocktail is made up of Thai chile infused tequila spiked with locally made sake. The HH menu is organized by very reasonable price points that range between $1 - $5. My three personal favorites in no particular order are the following: Brussel Sprout Soup - A soup filled with blissfully braised, crispy buds, that float in a slightly sweet broth kissed with soy, tamarind and ginger. It gets a boost of salt from a seasoned egg which runs, not swims, at its center. This dish is simple but the flavor impresses from its balance and an enjoyment to eat cruciferous vegetables. Pork Noodles - Can pork loin be better? Hell yes it can! Chop it thin, braise it in a spicy sauce, pair it with noodles bathed in pork fat and top it with a poached egg. Press this savory experiment to your lips and presto! You'll experience immediate gratification for minimal cost.Green Papaya salad - This sexy salad is made up of crunchy shoestring papaya slaw, wickedly spiced chili sauce and this addicts holy grail of meat, pork jowl!!! The only thing wrong with this dish is the menu doesn't indicate spice level because it might be the hottest @#$% salad on the planet! Whoever thought up this vegetarian nightmare deserves my respect and perhaps worship. During my homage my date took a bite and said "they need to add pork jowl pad Thai to the menu." My Libra loins were primed for pork pleasuring but at that moment I couldn't decide which P- lust was stronger, I almost jumped over the table to dry hump her! Yet I decided this salad deserved my full attention, besides I could always finish her off for dessert. And to think, we indulged in all these fantastic delights for only $18 bucks. Why are you still reading this? Get to Saucebox and go on a pork jowl excursion!
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,8/3/2014,83,177,4,8,9>You pay a premium here. Let's start with that. You are however buying premium products. Every single arrangement I've ever had them do has been met with praise. No the typical "Oh these are nice flowers" but more along the lines of "Wow. Where did you get these?!?!" What I usually do is walk in with a dollar amount in mind and have them create something based on the occasion and they've always delivered. The quality of their flowers cannot be beat. Every day they bloom more and keep recreating themselves in to something new. Absolutely beauitful.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,8/2/2014,45,204,2,10,5>BEST SPIN Class EVER!  I don't think I can say it any louder, or I would.  I've been spinning for the last 3 1/2 years.  I've been to many locations, endured many instructors, but NEVER have I experienced anything like REVOCYCLE.The instructors incorporate this amazing idea of mind and body exercise that takes your ordinary exercise and elevates it to a totally new level.   This mindfulness leaves you refreshed, energized and ready to go!  Never have I had an experience like this one.  NEVER.I pedal to the beat and I have been searching for a studio that uses this as a focal point in the class.  The philosophy is the same, instructor to instructor, so no matter when you come in, you're going to get the same great workout.The studio is clean, the people are genuinely nice, the bikes work properly and are fitted to you.  The room is kept cool with the A/C turned ON and a large fan which helps to circulate the air.  The sound system is great and I haven't heard a song that I didn't like yet!I've seen many types of people in here, from beginners on up and everyone is treated with respect.  The staff and instructors encourage everyone equally.   The atmosphere is not intimidating at all.  If you want a great workout, this is the place, even if you're not a cyclist!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,8/1/2014,147,166,9,15,11>There are actual reviews of Sauvie Island itself? That is pretty rad.Where does an Islander* start in a review of their own turf? Hmm. I think I will start by saying that ALTHOUGH the abundance of cyclists that don't know how to obey the basic "share the road" rules are crazy annoying (watch out for those scattered thumbtacks on the road shoulder! I hear they are a bitch.), this mini escape from downtown Portland is absolutely divine. I feel blessed to call this place a part of my childhood. The highlights of this stretch of land are definitely the bikeable, hikeable, and boatable spots. Don't forget that Sauvie's also has a fully functional elementary school, a fire department, a grange, plenty of farms that you're undoubtedly eating produce from, and more. Ever buy squash varietals at WinCo, by chance? Look for the Trapold Farms sticker. They're Islanders*, and they're super nice and their produce is legit.***LITTLE KNOWN FACTS ABOUT SAUVIE ISLAND*****-Only approximately half of the island's land is developed and inhabited by people. The Northern stretch of the island is largely untouched.-The best place to pick peaches on the island is Douglas Farms. -Kruger's doesn't grow most of their own produce. Sorry to burst your farm adventure bubble.-Hunting for arrowheads was a real pastime in the 90's on the island.-The gaming commission will definitely dish out tickets for vehicles that don't buy passes for the beach. They will also dish out tickets for Public Indecency for people that violate the rules at the clothing optional beach. *Islander: a person who has lived on the island for 5+ years. Bonus points if you're a multi-generational Islander.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/31/2014,160,387,6,7,6>I look forward to returning to My Chit Chat Café.  Met a few friends for breakfast last Saturday and left very satisfied and happy. I enjoyed the Spinach omelet accompanied by wonderful tasting hash browns, wheat toast, blood orange slices, and a Thai Iced Coffee. My total including a 20% tip was $12. P.W. enjoyed the Larb, which looked incredibly fresh and tasty, she said it is one of her faves at My Chit Chat.  C.H. (her first time here too) chose the Spanish omelet. She said it was quite tasty, and like me, she cleaned her plate.This Mom and Pop café is a pleasant surprise in a boring strip mall. There is a small sitting area with a few comfy chairs and sofa as well as traditional table and chair seating. Once the weather is nicer there will be outdoor seating and BBQ!  The chef has worked in some of Portland's favorite go to Thai restaurants so you know she really cares about what goes on the plates.  The ladies room was quite clean and nicely decorated as well.  Next time I go I plan on trying the Ginger Chicken!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,7/30/2011,645,1150,9,14,10>Awesome Cone totally embodies the creativity we've gotten spoiled by on the Portland food cart scene.  Who woulda ever thunk to serve pulled pork in a waffle cone?I got me a Pig Cone ($6).  The top layer of the Pig Cone was the most heavenly joy-inducing coleslaw I have ever bitten into.  Deeper in the cone was very densely packed pulled pork, and a lot of it.  It was balanced in flavor.  If I had any critique to offer of the pulled pork it would be that it might have stood to be a little juicier.  But that is entirely my subjective opinion.And it was a pleasant surprise to find more of the delicious coleslaw in the bottom of the cone. Next time I am going for the Chicken and Dumplings cone.One bit of caution - the cones are a bit sloppy (but oh so good) to eat, so I would recommend that you do not attempt to eat one in your car.  Instead, enjoy your cone in the covered D-Street Noshery tent that now has a vendor selling dunkels and other beer.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,7/29/2011,158,216,6,9,8>Completely addicted. As I said before do not be distracted by the other things on the menu, so not even worth your time. do not get the noodles in soup. only focus on the stir fried noodles. The hand pulled noodles are perfection. the seasoning is fantastic, not sure what kind of magic they put in that mildly spicy garlicy master piece. probably msg..but i don't care. I've been there at least 4 times now and I crave those noodles still. you can get them with just veggies and it's perfectly fine. I like mine with pork and med. spicy. the pork is actually pork belly and it's salty and fatty and delish. The chicken is also tasty and moist. So the bad: The service is slow. besides the wait, even if you're in the main room downstairs for some reason the service is odd and wonky and slow. repeated requests, and just out right forgetting stuff. but i'll take the good with the bad and i'm ok with that. The banchan is still half ass but really tasty kimchi and radish pickles so i'm ok with that too.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2010,7/27/2011,59,511,10,28,8>There are two different systems at play here. My experience & the experience.I should preface this by saying, I'm not claustrophobic or afraid of the dark, I love water; I should have loved this. I'm an aquarius! I bought a groupon ($20 for 90 minutes). I went in today for my 1st float. I thought it would be a nice way to decompress after a long week. I have done therapeutic hot springs, massage therapy and thought this would be somewhere in the middle. Relaxing, refreshing, comforting. I love the bath, I love the dark. When I'm sick or scared or confused or hurt, I often turn to a hot bath. So, obviously you float. The water is 94 degrees. Your body doesn't know what's water and what's body at that temperature. You're essentially weightless. You're taller. You're relaxed. You sort of reach that twilight state before you fall asleep. The water is super magnesium-ated so that, no matter what, you float. I tried to force my butt down and couldn't. What I didn't anticipate was the hot air (I HATE breathing in hot air). I had a really hard time breathing in hot air for 90 minutes. Like being trapped in a bathroom after a hot shower. I confirmed today, I have a pretty tight internal clock. So I'll give apx times for my experience. FIrst thing: shower/rinse. There are towels, flip flops and a robe. Natural soap. Then you lower yourself into the tub. Pull the door closed, lay back. The water was pleasantly tempered and is relaxing. You don't prune due to the high epsom/chemical content. No noise. No light. Immediate buoyancy. After 20 minutes of adjusting or so, I was hallucinating light. I swore there was glow-in-the-dark paint on the walls. But my left eye was "blind" and couldn't see the paint. I fought with myself for about 5-10 minutes about this. I also kept hearing little clicking noises. I think it was the heating element?  It sounded faint, like someone was walking down the hallway but I never heard voices and it never got more quiet or more loud. It wasn't distracting. I was still able to float and be by myself. It was just 6-10 clicks at a time. From 20-30 min or so, I felt a strange vertigo sensation. I knew the water wasn't moving, I could feel my face and the water line. Disorienting.After this passed, I was able to just muse to myself. I thought about the perfect food (settled on the sandwich: perfect blend of carbs, protein, dairy and vegetable), named parts of my body in a strange, potentially schizoid manner, thought about the womb and the correlation between that and space travel. My most common thought was that of a skeleton hanging in a science classroom, relaxed.I tried a few positions. I took a stress management class and remembered a technique where you flex your muscles and then release them. After tension, release feels incredibly relaxing. I kept my arms down, then moved them up, then tipped my head waaaaay back where I got the water in my eyes. The longer I was in, the more the water felt jelly-like and gritty. I thought of myself as a Pre-Cog from Minority Report.I craved touch after about an hour. Every bump against the wall was thrilling. Oh! Touch! That exists! I'm not floating out in space! It wasn't ever scary, like OHMYGODWHATTOUCHEDME?! It was just, oh yeah, I'm real. 90 min into it, when I expected myself to start hearing the music, I began to feel overwhelmingly nauseated and experienced a huge sense of vertigo. The best way I can describe it is when you're in a plane and it's landing and it's sort of dark and cloudy and you can't tell whether you're going up or down. There's noise like something is happening but you are unaware of direction. That lack of orientation nauseated me horrendously. My legs, at times, felt like they were falling, falling, falling down, down, down but they weren't. Were they? Then I'd touch the wall, ever so slightly, with my pinky and feel like I was speeding 90 miles an hour toward the other wall. How fast was I going? How fast am I moving? Am I moving? I couldn't get outside of my head.I wanted to make it to the music. They pipe in music when your time is up. It's like when you're sleeping and you want to sleep all the way til your alarm goes off even when you're not exactly tired anymore. I guesstimated I'd been in the tank at least two hours. It had to be more than 90 minutes. Had to.I craved sound. I threw open my door and rested my head at the foot end of the tank for a few minutes. I thoroughly enjoyed hearing voices. It oriented me. I knew which direction I was facing, where traffic was, where my body was. This went on for 20 minutes or so. I got another 5 min in the tank and then felt like vomiting so I got out, showered and went to have tea. Checked my clock, we were in 2 hours before music cued up.The whole experience (aside from the tank) was lovely. Staff was so pleasant. Teas were great. Water was refreshing. But this was not for me. Would I recommend this? No. But if you think you'd like it, go for it.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,7/26/2011,35,150,4,10,7>Being a native of Honolulu, I am always seeking out new Hawaiian-style plate lunch restaurants here in Portland.  Thanks to Don B. for bringing to my attention this newer establishment located pretty close to my house in Alameda.Hubby and I had takeout from here two weeks ago, and we were both very happy with our selections.  Compared to other plate lunch places, the menu here is a bit more limited in my opinion, but the offerings are more unique and creative. On the day we went, they did not have the Luau Chicken that Don B. was lucky to be able to partake of on his visit, so I got my good old stand-by....a loco moco, and hubby ordered the kal bi ribs.Upon opening our meals at home, I noticed that the presentation of our food was much more aesthetically pleasing than your usual Hawaiian-style restaurant. My loco moco was topped with a very nice shiitake mushroom gravy and garnished with fresh parsley.  Even though the portion was smaller than most other places, my loco moco was very good.  The hamburger patty was hand-formed, the gravy was tasty and the mac salad was excellent.  Although I did not taste it, Hubby enjoyed his Kal Bi plate.  So far, we like Ate-oh-Ate, and Hubs and I are planning to return to try some of their other menu selections.  Next time, I plan on ordering the fried rice omelet with Portuguese Sausage or the adobo, two very local menu selections I have yet to see on any other Hawaiian restaurants in town.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,7/25/2011,509,364,7,11,10>I go here almost every other day. This is a student run cafe in the basement of one of PSU's buildings. It would be kind of weird if you went here and weren't a student, but luckily I am and I would probably still swing by even after I graduate (yeah, one of those awesomely creepy peeps). Food Food For Thought has the most creative vegan pastries. Here are some of the pastries I've had:lavender raspberry tea cakepeanut butter blondie with cinnamon frostingearl grey sconecarrot cream cheese muffinpizza sconechai bran muffinYou never know what they will have. It's always a surprise.I am addicted to their salads as well. The $4 large salad with lemon tahini dressing, usually sprinkled with a heavy hand of almond/hazelnuts and cranberries/golden raisins is insanely addicting. I can't say enough good things about this place! In terms of ambiance, there are community tables, a piano (often being played by some badass) and rotating art gallery of PSU students work.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,7/24/2011,97,506,4,17,14>I recently (finally!) got to see what all the buzz was about with this Thursday karaoke-with-a-live-band business at Tiger Bar.  And my fellow Yelpers did not steer me wrong...it ROCKS. Karaoke From Hell is a live band that plays at a few bars in town, but every Thursday night, you can find them at Le Tigre.  Their song list is not as enormous as the huge binder you see at karaoke-machine places, of course...it's more like a ten-page booklet.But, all the songs on the list rock, and the band is tight.  They are also entertaining to watch, as the MC changes into different costumes to suit the song choices. They will even help you out and fill in lyrics if you miss your cues, which you may well need unless you know the song by heart, since there's no screen to watch, just the lyrics printed on a sheet of paper.  If I have one complaint about this setup, it's that it can be hard to hear your own voice because the band lays down such a fierce beat, so a bit tricky to tell if the crowd can actually hear you or not. But hey, you're not there to audition for American Idol, so it's no big deal if you're "a little pitchy, dawg."  The crowd are very supportive and will sing and clap along with you. It's a great time, even if you don't get up and sing. Protip if you do plan to sing: Get there around 9PM when it starts, and get your song request in to the lady sitting at the table next to the stage ASAP, lest you end up waiting 2 hours for your song to come up. The bar itself is in Old Town, and the front is pretty inconspicuous - it looks like a standard Old Town dive bar. Once you walk in, it looks much more welcoming. The location is a pain in the ass to park near, though, and really, you probably won't be in any shape to drive after anyway.Can't comment on the food, just the drinks. The beer selection is decent, and the bartenders are on top of things. Oh, and the prices are NORMAL, not inflated. This all adds up to Good in my book.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,7/23/2011,1295,556,5,14,14>I have been wanting to go to Abby's Table for far too long.  Yesterday I brought a friend and every course was just amazing.  Each time something was brought out we commented back and forth that surely that course was the best but it kept coming!  My friend C loathes fish, nuts and carrots but all three were not just consumed but devoured!  She even told Abby afterwards saying, "I cannot believe how amazing that was and I ate food I normally hate but I loved it!"  She and I also agreed at how perfectly the textures played off of each other!  Portland is lucky to have this amazing chef in our midst!  This meal just felt great as well - such a lovely group of people who felt like old friends at the end.  Watching the open kitchen was a treat for me as well - the ballet happening back there was just lovely to behold...such amazing organization and cleanness - it was very inspiring.  And Abby announced after dinner that they are going to start Thursday night dinners in addition to Wednesdays and Saturdays!You simply must eat here - it really is an experience in dining like no other.  My friend C and I have decided we are most certainly getting punch cards and making this a regular thing for she and I to hang out - you should join us!
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,7/22/2011,43,65,12,11,10>Waxing poetic about a restaurant that already has 142 reviews is like trying to write a bathroom wall review about the village strumpet, I always imagine the replies to be "yeah, we know she can do that" or "Hey, she did that for me twice already", or  "everybodys already been there" and stuff like that. So at the risk of being redundant and even worse commonplace, let me just say, this is flat out excellent pizza!They have a small but quite select line up of micro's on tap and a decent and reasonably priced wine list. We started with the roasted vegetables, and they were simply scrumptious, since there was only the two of us and we were ordering two pies we decided to forgo the Caesar salad, which I still regret after watching dozens of them being schlepped off to other diners tables, they looked delicious; I will order one next time. The  pizza's we ordered were a prosciutto and a wild mushroom, The prosciutto is a pie with tomato base and mozzarella, then as it comes out of the brick, wood fired oven, it is covered with thin slices of prosciutto and basil, it is the perfect way to make it and very flavorful. The Mushroom pizza is covered with fresh chantrelles, caramelized onions fresh garlic and gorgonzola; another big hit in flavor combos. Combine all that good food and drink into a SE Portland "Hip" vibe kind of place and you've got a winner. No wonder there are so many positive reviews. But even though there have been so many there before us, we know they liked us more.... we're sure of it...I mean they said we were special.....
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,7/20/2011,54,368,16,10,11>"So let's go to a dive bar and get some fried chicken and Jojo's".  WTF?If you're like me, and the sound of "dive bar", combined with "fried chicken" combined with some unknown thingie called a "jojo" - you just MIGHT say nothankyouverymuch...but DON'T...So, I don't eat meat - but if I did I WOULD order that damn fried chicken.  Everyone at my table sucked theirs up so quickly I thought I was out with a few Hoover vacuums.  And these Jojo things...are really just a potato either halved or quartered, seasoned, and then fried and OMFG delicious.  I would be remiss if I didn't mention the BEST part of this bar - and it's Mama.  No, not YOUR mama, or MY mama, but the mama I think we all wish we had.  Mama Gina is the no bullshite bartender, server, bouncer (and seriously you wouldn't want to mess with her) therapist, no b.s., kind of bartender that just makes you feel like you belong to HER family.  She doesn't mince her words, she's patient with drunk people (and there are a few there, just sayin'), and calls you "honey".  All this with a side of jojos, maybe some jalapeno poppers, and fried chicken if you must - works out just fine.Finally I will say that I've never chewed a gin and tonic.  By chewy I mean, that it was mostly gin and a little tonic for perhaps some hint of bubbles - and how bad can that be really?  Heavy handed is a great term for Mama - or generous - or OMG am I drinking straight alcohol? - whatever you call it...it rocks.  Pair that with the food, and the ambiance that only Mama can offer - and I think you've got a 5-star dive bar.  At least in my book.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,7/19/2011,39,30,23,25,19>Smart-phone, dumb-owner. How else do you explain a) not protecting my investment with some sort of cover, b) walking around with my new iPhone 4 tucked inside the notoriously flimsy pocket of my hoody and c) jumping around like a lottery ball while playing with my 3-year old niece. On asphalt.Didn't see it. Didn't feel it. Just heard it - CRACK. IPhone, face down on the pavement. I gingerly picked it up and slowly turned it over. If not so tragic, the mosaic of broken glass could have been quite beautiful.Naturally, being me, I hadn't covered myself with AppleCare, so my options in that arena were to send my phone to Apple and pay $198 (ish) for repair. That's DAYS without a phone, people. I think you know this was not an option. I briefly considered the Mac Store, and made an online appointment, but decided to keep searching. There had to be another local option. Little did I know the local option I would find, Matt at Wired iRepair, would go out of his way to accommodate my schedule AND replace my phone with a brand new one upon discovering a faulty solder during his repair AND deliver my new phone to me at my work AND charge me $80 he quoted me at the very beginning! Seriously. He schlepped down to the Apple store and waited there for an hour or two to replace my phone for me. All this in less one day. AND he apologized for it taking longer than he had anticipated.AND he sometimes has fresh baked chocolate chip cookies at his shop. Did the Mac Store ever bake you cookies? I didn't think so.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2009,1/14/2010,108,280,7,8,14>I admit, living out toward the 50s of SE isn't all that awesome, but it has it perks.  One of them being Sweetness bakery.It is easily THE BEST coffee I've had, since coming to portland (granted, I haven't been to stumptown yet).  Plus, the partner and I are crazy about their breakfast sammies/treats.  The staff is amazingly cheerful and the decor screams shabby chic warmth.  My only complaint would be that they don't stay open later for dinner'ish snacks and late study.  Then again, it's probably good they don't - otherwise I'd never go home.  I heart you Sweetness.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2009,1/13/2010,194,499,12,11,15>I went in like the middle-aged goober that I am, sat at the bar and waited until the barista came over to see what he could do for me."I would just love a tasty cup of coffee".He smiled and said that he could make me a french pressed cup .I watched him warm a nice sturdy mug up and deftly, without show or pretense, brew me the best damn cup of coffee that I ever had. I apologized, as I asked where the cream and sugar was kept, explaining that my departed Danish grandmother would be looking down from heaven with disapproval that I would take my coffee any way other than black. He smiled and said he thought she wouldn't mind. I like him and Stumptown very, very much.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,1/12/2010,110,167,10,9,10>***insert drum roll***Wait for it.... Wait For It.... WAIT FOR IT!... OKNOW!DUN DADA DAAAAAH!!!!***insert crash cymbal***My 100th review! And I did it in less than a year (by a day). Yay me. Does this mean my reviews can be syndicated on TBS or USA now?Enough about me. Time for Deschutes.I'm surprised it took me so long to find this gem. I get my hair cut right around the corner, and I've wandered around many a times looking for somewhere to eat while I kill time after putting my name in for a hair cut.This place is awesome. I love that there are interesting things to look at while dining here. They have wood carvings and photos/art/posters plastered all over the walls.The menu grabbed my attention right away. It took me a while to decide. It all looked so good. I ended up getting the lamb burger because it was something I wouldn't normally get at other places. Good choice. I can't quite describe the flavor, but I'll try anyways... Yummy! Well that was easy! I forget that I'm a word smith sometimes.Jimbo - 1. Hard to describe flavor - 0The one thing that I was worried about on the menu was the root beer. They stated it was sasaparilla based and I don't like sasaparilla's black licorice flavor, but there was nothing to fear. Our super hero waitress slid me a sample and it was pretty good. It wasn't too black licorice-y. It's not my favorite root beer, but I didn't have to spit it out on to the floor. Bonus!To sum it all up I can't wait for come back. Maybe next time I get my hair did I'll hit this place up again.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/23/2009,1/10/2010,80,196,14,12,14>I've never tried the food, so I may have to add or subtract a star in the future, but for the purposes of rating this place on karaoke and drinks alone, I'll give it 3 stars.One star is for the fact that they have karaoke every night of the week 9p-2:30am and it's a mere 7 blocks from  my apartment.  You heard me right, I could stumble down there any night of the week and be treated to an extra creepy version of Morrissey's "The More You Ignore Me" belted out by a guy who manages to make me feel even more uncomfortable than if Morrissey himself were stalking me and screaming his ode at me.The drinks are super strong.  This is a cardinal rule that must not be broken in a karaoke bar.  EVER.The song list is pretty decent, they don't by any means have every song you'd like to get up and wow your friends with, but it'll do.  My choice for the evening was Roxette's Listen to Your Heart.  I brought the house down.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,1/9/2010,216,263,14,18,17>This review is for the ladies; Men, avert your gaze!I first found this store thanks to you, my fellow Yelpers, back in March. I was apprehensive about going into their store, because the idea of it was a bit intimidating (lingerie boutique on 23rd Ave)?Walking in, all of my concerns were put at ease. I came in looking for a corset, and I KNEW beforehand (something you ladies need to do, too, in coming here) that it would be spendy. But I was willing to forego that downside, because I knew that whatever it was that I'd be getting would be of the highest quality. Something EVERYONE (wait- I mean, just all of the ladies) needs to do is get fitted properly for lingerie. Not by a super rushed (and super cutesy-wutesy) 23-year-old at Victoria's Secret who pretends that groping your ladies is no big deal, and who tries to use their "expertise" to stuff you into some bra that's too small for you (did you know that there are generic sizes of bras that big chain stores will push off on all of their customers? 32A, 34B, 34 D... You ladies know the drill). I once had a male employee at VS do this, but it's okay; he was gay (or, at least, I think he was...) :[Anyways, at Oh Baby, I was tended to hand and foot to make sure what I was buying was the PERFECT size for me. And I have to say that I was shocked to discover the first perfectly fitting corset that I've ever owned in my life.I went in there knowing what I was looking for (and ready to plunk down some $$$), therefore, I don't know what it would have been like if I just wanted to go in and browse.Nevertheless, my end result in buying my corset?"Oh, Baby!"
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2009,1/8/2010,758,866,12,19,14>Had a great time with friends floating in my tube from Barton park down to Carver park. Normally the trip takes 3 or so hours but not last weekend. The river was flowing at 3X normal which gave the usually super calm ride some class 2 rapids action. One person in our group had his tube popped when we were sent into branches by the fast water, and another girl had her arm scraped up pretty good.To fit in with the scenery, make sure to bring a 24 pack of Coors light and your Kid Rock CD. If you've ever wanted to be in an episode of My Name is Earl or Joe Dirt, here's your chance. I now understand why cops had to breakup a near riot here last summer. It's wild out here.The law on having a life jacket is confusing, but I read it as if you are in anything except a tube or personal floaty like the ones you use in a pool, you are required by law to have a life jacket and an emergency whistle. It also states that if a group of people hold onto each other in personal floaties, you are required to have a life jacket since you have created a navigable watercraft? Anyways, I think everyone should always have a life jacket with them. I'm glad I had one when the water was this fast.I will be coming back many times this summer. Great place to raft and very close to the city.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,1/7/2010,107,57,8,9,9>As the weather gets nicer and more spring-like my urge to have many cheap cold beers and to smell like a campfire grows!  I guess I should explain... Growing up in the country, as many of you know, kids partied in fields, woods, back roads, and other various outdoor locations adults wouldn't find you.  That is unless you were my parents; they always seem to hunt me down.  Rain or shine, the weekend after the first day of spring we would go out to my folk's property, have a huge campfire and do what young kids do.  Does that explain the need for the campfire and intoxication?Moving on...I love Roadside Attraction.  It's was the first bar I went to just for drinks when I moved here and I will make it my last, if I ever move.  It's in a great location,  has amazing bike parking, a fun and hidden entrance leading to an even better patio/outdoor area, cold beer and nice staff.  The eclectic décor is interesting, fresh and fun to walk around and look at while never getting old.  The fire pit and the smoke that gently wafts over a 60 foot radius is seriously what makes this place the best for me.  The set up encourages you to meet and talk to new people but it also has secluded tables and cubbies that you can take a hot date in and get some alone time.  Mrrrowl!!Plus all the interesting people gathered around the fire drinking beers and smoking at night really reminds me of being in high school again.  Roadside Attraction is the best place to bring in the spring, cool off in the shade on a hot day, or really any other time you want a beer in a relaxing, sheltered setting while still in the city.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,1/6/2010,141,355,21,18,21>MEMORANDUMTO: pdx downtown 8-5ersFROM: your stomach DATE: any Monday - Friday, excluding holidays and paid time offRE: Lunch. Remember that thing? It has come to my attention that there has been an increasing neglect in your acknowledgment of the lunch hour, herein known as the most sacred 60 moments of the work day.  Traditionally, this time period is noted as the break in which to stop answering calls and emails to get in a few rounds of guiltless Free Cell before bracing yourself for an afternoon of the same protocol. However, this ideal break has become a periodic occurrence.  It is my belief that as the inbox continues to fill up and papers get strewn everywhere, you forgetting that one of the 3-squares of the day is supposed to take precedence is not without cause.  Our cohort Heart has also noted this issue,  typically raising your blood pressure as a means of concern.  Brain has also taken the liberty of intervening, suggesting: "Oh God, you've got to get out of here..."Yet these actions have gone unnoticed.  Your continual drive to "stay on top of things" coupled with your concern that you'll "never make it back to the office in time" have long prohibited your ability to take a proper meal break. This unhealthy habit must be rectified, and thus, we must formally suggest that you consider grabbing a few workmates and heading to Habibi as soon as possible.  Located on the Max line, a half of a block away from the 10th and Morrison / Galleria stop, Habibi Lebanese Cuisine offers a huge menu of traditional dishes ideal for lunch, but also wonderful for dinner time in Downtown Portland.  For first time visitors, one can't go wrong with the Veggie Mezza Platter, presented beautifully on a gilded leaf plate and including the following:           - Falafel           - Humus            - Tabouli            - Spinach pie           - Zattar pizza           - Baba ganouj            - Veggie grape leavesAside from taste satisfaction, the rest of your sensory system will be delighted to interact with a brightly day-lit restaurant, tidy and smelling of wonderful spices that hit you the moment you walk in the door. Hearing the pleasant chatter of fellow professionals is a reminder that you are not alone in your professional struggle to survive.  The friendly staff will quickly take your order and return with your dishes, honestly within a matter of minutes.    If you want to be in and out within a half hour, plan on arriving between 11.45 - 12.00.  You'll be well on your way, I'll be full, and your wallet will be less than $10.00 lighter.   While I and your fellow organs recognize that we collectively have more faults than a map of California earthquake zones, this is an opportunity to right one of the bad habits currently in place within your typical work week.  We look forward to your timely consideration of this gastrointestinal matter.  Very Truly Yours,StomachCC: File - Brain & Heart
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2009,1/5/2010,276,315,32,19,21>There is an ancient Filipino saying: "A breakfast sandwich is a breakfast sandwich."However, the "OMG! Breakfast Sandwich" at Brunchbox, which contains egg, ham, SPAM, bacon, and American cheese grilled between your choice of white or wheat English muffin--O.M.F.G.Was it wrong that I was literally fidgeting on the park bench because, while I was engaged in the consumption of this beautiful creation, I had pleasurable sensations *down there*?Probably.The fact remains that all my expectations about this much-buzzed about food cart were exceeded by this "breakfast sandwich."  It was that good.Too bad I wasn't hungry enough to follow it up with their "Redonkedonk"-- an OMG! Burger (egg, ham, SPAM, bacon, American cheese) between two Texas toast grilled cheese sandwich "buns"--Holy.Bald.Baby.Jerry.I think I just suffered from a food-induced coma after having typed that...
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2009,1/4/2010,58,56,22,14,15>Cougar Playlist:~ Bust-a-Move - Young MC~ Dancing Queen - ABBA~ Goodbye Yellow Brick Road - Elton John ~ Eye of the Tiger - Survivor ~ Virtual Insanity - Jamiroquai ~ Brick House - The Commodores      ...Series of "slow jams"...~ Blind - Talking Heads ~ Funkytown - Lipps, Inc.~ The Way you Move - Outkast ~ Ladies Night - Kool & the Gang~ Hung Up - Madonna~ Hot in Herre - Nelly I always assumed cougars growled, but it turns out they're more like middle aged "woo girls" once their favorite songs start playing.  Throw in a live band and a few stiff drinks and they'll purr like kittens...especially in the company of one of their "gentleman friends."  Thanks to my most recent trip to Blackstone on what appeared to be a "Funk and Soul" night, I was able to experience said cougars up close and a little TOO personal.  While sipping drinks with a few friends, we quickly became distracted by unbelievable outfits strutting by, making "Oh my lord" and "Ahh my eyes!!!!" the most murmured phrases at our table.  Now I am not one to intentionally laugh at people, but when you are surrounded by 30 to 50+ year-old women who squeezed into tween outfits...my theory is, they asked for it!   All in all, for being in Vancouver (in a strip mall nonetheless), I was pleasantly surprised by the sizable cocktail menu, decent pours and live music.  Most of the stuff on their bar menu looked pretty tasty as well.  If you can get over the overstimulation of shimmery animal print, plunging necklines and PDA, I would definitely recommend stopping by one night.  I know I definitely plan on returning (especially if I need a good laugh)!  If you are not quite up for that adventure yet, it would definitely be worth acclimating yourself to the restaurant area first.    Now if you'll excuse me, I need to go look up some reviews for therapists.  I would really LOVE to shake off these mental images of cougars dancing to "good gracious ass is bodacious" sooner than later!  *shudders*
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/21/2013,47,232,4,6,4>M/41/ORI.S.O. Prime piece of quality steak.  Will travel.  Prefer to pick up and return to my place for proper "treatment".  Paying TOP dollar.[/personal ad]Having grown weary of ye olde supermarket cut of steak, I was interested in something of a higher caliber.  I've spied Ponderosa from across the railroad tracks (read: traveling down TV highway) many, many times.  Well, I finally had the opportunity to pull the trigger.Like others (notably Bob M.) have noted, the place is tiny.  You walk in the front door and BAM, there's the meat counter.  The cuts of steak are nicely displayed and clearly labeled.  There's a freezer (?) to the right, which houses some of their other meats.  I think I noticed some buffalo/bison (which is it, anyway?) in there, and if that's the case, I definitely need to return.  The gal at the counter was friendly and helpful.  There's really nothing more to explain about the visit to the store itself - It's small.  They carry quality meats.  They were friendly.  Boom.I grabbed a prime ribeye.  I wanna say the price at the time was $16 per pound.  I smoked it on my Traeger for a half hour, jacked up the heat to 450 and seared it for about 4 minutes per side.  Despite the fact that the Traeger is not optimal for the "perfect" steak, this one turned out nicely.  Medium rare to rare with a nice smoke ring, I was impressed.I'm looking forward to sampling other cuts of meat at Ponderosa, and as always, I'm proud to support a local business, which these guys certainly are.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/20/2013,15,83,13,20,13>This store is the best of Portland's resale stores! Rachel (owner) is pretty fantastic! I waiver between sizes from 12-16 and typically have quite a few items from Nordstrom. Rachel is always quick to take my items (unlike other local resale places.) Although I have a hard time finding items to take home with me...reason being: there aren't enough women over a size 8 contributing to this awesome store. Ironically, my items sell pretty quickly...so ladies, if you are over a size 8/10 and have gently worn, good quality clothing, bring them here so I can finally take something home from here/use my credit!!! Bottom line: This is a fabulous store! Don't miss it!PS...the arrangment of clothing being color-sorted gives me extra warm-n-fuzzies...its an organizer's dream come true!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,5/19/2013,550,1055,5,5,5>We walked in to Davidson's for dinner and we realized we were the youngest customers there. Somehow we like to dine where old folks are partying it up. We got seated right away and we explored their pretty large menu.They serve your standard American grubs, burgers, sandwiches, pastas, soups, salads, and even Mexican? I'm not sure why they have Mexican food where House of Tamales & Sanchez Taqueria about two blocks away. We got couple sandwiches, a cup of clam chowder, and their homemade Root Beer float. OooOooh how I loveee their homemade Root beer float. It's refreshing and not too sweet. I wasn't too crazy with my fish sandwich, but the Clam chowder was pretty delicious. Service was excellent, very friendly ladies work there. We will be back and next time we will try breakfast grubs :).
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,5/18/2013,124,51,3,8,8>Movie Madness is the premiere destination for any film buff! You could spend hours sifting through their enormous collection and end up walking out with five movies when you specifically came for just one. You've got a seemingly endless catalogue at your fingertips.The advent of streaming movies has been nice for convenience sake, but none of the services (a la carte or all-you-can-eat) offer a viewing library as deep as MM. Also, not everyone has the equipment to get streamed content on their television. I think MM has set the right prices for their rentals. $3.50/$2.50 (new releases/everything else) for three days is just the right amount of time for most to get through a film (or two!) and still have time to return it before late-fees set in. A whole season of a TV show goes for $5 for five days; a great way to catch up on past seasons of your new favorite. Use the computer kiosks to help you find what you're looking for. If you end up getting lost, ask a staff member. They know where EVERYTHING is and can track it down for you ahead of time if you call before 4pm. If you're mad for movies like I am, you've gotta visit Movie Madness.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/17/2013,42,89,5,11,9>hooooleeeeeeeey shitballs. This place was friggin amazing. Again, I have hesitations about telling y'all how much I loved a place because I want to be able to walk in and grab a seat without waiting like I just did. Alas, my selfishness does not outweigh my need to share my experiences at local establishments. So allow me to roll up my sleeves and tell ya all about it...First off, I gotta say, they nailed it on all levels (hence the 5 stars). The service, Ambiance/decor, food, music, drinks and desserts were, in a word,  fantastico. We started out with a couple cocktails. I got the Redwood original, which is basically their version of an old fashioned and it was executed nicely. Plus, it comes in a pretty cool mug. The Mrs. got the young American which is a whiskey ginger. Again, well executed, just the right amount of ginger.Probably one of the coolest things about this place: Every first Friday, you get a free app with the purchase of two entrees. Pretty fucking sweet deal if you ask me. That's them pretty much saying "oh hey, happy Friday, here's 8 bucks." We were not privy to this information when we ordered a salad as an app. Luckily, our server was nice enough to inquire with the owner about the first Friday deal (on her own accord, mind you) and we basically got a free salad. Now, I'm not sure if we just caught them in the right mood and that's not something they would normally do, but, either way, thank you! I apologize to the owners of Redwood if I just gave everyone who reads this the idea to order salads as free apps... sorry.By the way, that radicchio salad with green olives, parm, damn prefect buttery croutons and mustard vinaigrette was so stupidly delicious. mmmm. Thanks again for that free salad.  For entrees, I got the pork shoulder with apple fritters and Ash ordered the chicken chilaquiles. I really liked the way they worked the flavors on that pork dish and when you get all those flavor elements in one bite, it's kinda magical. The savory, salty pork with that tart applejack mustard, a little crispy, sweet piece of fritter and a teeny dollup of cream to round it all out. Dude... That combination super comfort flavors reminded me of thanksgiving or something, it was awesome. Then came the chilaquiles. I was actually pretty surprised to see this just so randomly snuck into the menu but it works really well. I've very rarely seen properly done chilaquiles this north of the border but these were definitely proper. The only thing that would have made it better for me is if they were spicier, but the flavors rocked hard. A very nice, warm, quivering egg tops it off with a little bomb of richness. The shredded chicken was still nice and moist and the sauces were well balanced. As if we hadn't stuffed our faces enough, we still found it necessary to order dessert. Not because we were still hungry. We were actually already pretty stuffed. We ordered dessert just because if everything else was so good, then dessert must be awesome! And it was! The pound cake with fresh whip was served warm and it went beautifully with some of that home-made cherry ice cream. All that bizness with a cup of coffee. Hells yeah! MMM! Get some!To think, I almost didn't come here tonight. We tried to get a seat at another establishment down the street and of course, the formula held true: Friday night in Montavilla + no reservations = 1 hour wait. Even for a two top. Until tonight, I thought there were only a couple decent places to grab dinner in this hood. Now there's a few and this new one might just be the best. Chef Susie Blue opened Redwood just a few months ago (Jan 2013)  and this little spot is already heating up quick. Apparently, she used to run the kitchen over at Broder and now she's off on her own. I'm really excited to see what the future holds for this place.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,5/16/2013,70,846,2,8,6>I need to get up to this neighborhood more often.  Or ever.  This is one of those neighborhoods that I have sorely neglected.  Now that I've walked around here and now that I've been to Pip's that will probably not be the case anymore.It isn't often that I eat donuts.  I like them well enough, but I don't really need them.  Sue had heard about this place based off of a picture from a friend of hers on Facebook.  She mentioned it to me, but I had never heard of it.  A quick Yelp search pulled up Pips Original and we immediately jumped in the car and drove north.  Ok, maybe it wasn't immediately, but it was still on our minds and we knew we would get over there on this weekend day.Eventually that happened.  We got there just before they closed, but since they make their donuts while you wait for them there was no real concern that we would be getting stale goods.  Walked in the door, took a look at the menu (along with donuts there is coffee) and decided to get a dozen donuts ($4.75).  They have 2 kinds.  Cinnamon Sugar and Raw Honey with Sea Salt.  We had 6 of each because why wouldn't we?  These are cake style, but not heavy like most cake style donuts.  I believe they are fried in soybean oil for those of you that are concerned.Fresh and hot donuts right out of the oil.  They kept up for a few hours after, but they were especially good right away.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/15/2013,160,387,2,8,5>Visiting friend from L.A. made me go.  Yay for visiting friend!I love that you stand in line, place your order, then go find a seat and within a few minutes your very good meal is placed in front of you.  My friend ordered the Reggie Deluxe and I chose The Chatfield.   She really enjoyed the 1/2 she ate while we were there, and the 1/2 she took home for later was just as good.  I ate about 2/3rds of mine. The taste combination was very good, they really do know what they are doing. We met some people while we were in line, they were visiting from out of town and it was their third visit in three days.In my opinion the biscuit was second only to Tasty and Sons.  According to my friend it was second to Lauretta Jean's. To be in the top three in Portland is not bad no matter how you slice it!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,5/14/2013,171,142,8,15,12>BACKGROUND - Gyros has always been a favorite Mediterranean food of mine. There have been some yummy gyros from various food carts but none that really stood out. This review is about to change your life (on gyros at least). PROS - Easy to find location, clean restaurant, friendly staff and menu items were on average $5-$8. The best Greek thing that has ever happened to me costed $5.99. It was their Gyro with lamb and beef. Most food carts (including chain restaurant Pita Pit) skimp on the meat portions, making the gyro itself 75% veggie and 25% meat. Not here. Here it is reversed, and it's just how I like it. 75% meat and 25% veggie baby!CONS - There is none. Good food, good service, a lot of parking available and so many items to choose from. POINTERS - You should get the thing that changed my life. Now I have been craving their gyros every damn day.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,5/13/2013,61,115,4,9,5>This might surprise you, but my profile picture is of me in a wig. Recently I attended a Yelp Elite event in a wig. For my friend's bachelorette party, six of us hit the town in wigs. It's safe to say, I am a big fan of wigs. Wigland has a huge variety of fun wigs in every color, length and style. For my friend's bachelorette, I bought a pink one, an electric blue one, a fire red one, a black one and purple with blonde (my favorite). They were all fantastic. My friends and I had a blast trying on all the wigs, taking pictures, coming up with new personas and then hitting the town looking like Charlie's new Angels. I can't think of any other place in town that has the selection and variety that Wigland does. I do love me some choices. The wigs are a bit pricey because they're good quality so they're not intended for those wishing to don a wig one night and then tossing it when finished. Though I currently own three wigs, I'm already jonesing to return to Wigland for my next alter ego. Maybe it's time I had yellow hair. Or perhaps green hair. Or orange hair. Whatever I choose, Wigland's got me.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,5/12/2013,106,368,4,7,6>Steak lovers! Have you made Broadway Saloon your headquarters? If you haven't then Uncle B from Mayberry thinks you should. At Broadway Saloon they offer a dinner called "The Broadway Steak." This brings you a cooked to order 10 ounce USDA Choice Tri Tip steak. The Broadway steak only costs $13.75. Included in the price are tossed salad, garlic bread, a baked potato, and sautéed green beans. At a time when many chain restaurants are charging for extras this is a good deal indeed.Broadway Saloon does a good business but if you look hard enough you should be able to find a table. The staff is fantastic at multitasking. At Broadway Saloon the help can tend bar and wait tables with the greatest courtesy and efficiency. On our last visit to Broadway Saloon we ordered two Broadway Steak dinners and a pitcher of beer. Our bill came to only $37.25. Nuts to the chains! IMHO Broadway Saloon can serve you up a better tasting steak dinner for a lot less money.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,12/18/2010,63,169,8,7,8>Hello group.  My name is Toni, & I'm an addict.  I have had this on again off again affair with Fish & Chips all my life.  My mother likes Fish & Chips, & not to lay blame, but I think that may be how all this started.  It was innocent & simple at first, but as I got older, things escalated.  Now, living in an enabling city such as Portland, I'm afraid, the Fish, or the Chip, or both, may prevail.  They have a hold on me.The Scotsman.  He's a good man.  With his crispy batter, that has just the slightest hint of curry, he knows not of my struggle.  He just wants me to be happy.  My husband ordered the Sausage Supper..... an English sausage battered in the same manner, fried to golden perfection & served with a generous portion of chips.  Oh Scotsman.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,12/17/2010,89,47,10,14,11>I've been out of the Yelp game for a while, and there has only been 1 place I've reviewed since moving to Portland over 6 months ago. I'm pretty sure that stems from extensive writer's block...and I'm pretty sure that writer's block stems from being overwhelmed with the ENDLESS amount of delicious eats around every corner in ol' Rose City. Despite the "every meal in PDX tastes as if it were better than the last - in a GOOD way" mentality I've acquired since I moved here, Three Doors Down Cafe might be what some refer to as a "game changer."I started dining at 3 Doors about 5 months ago, which has given me plenty of time to learn the menu and the staff. However, there would be no change in the staff's welcoming, accommodating attitude -- or the quality of the food-- if I had been a patron for 5 days or the last 5 months, which was obvious the first time I dined there, and is the reason I kept coming back. (Well, there are other significant catalysts, which I will get to shortly).With all that said, many of these reviews state that the price of the menu is on the high side. Which. Is. True. But almost all of these reviews also boast about the range of exceptional flavors, menu choices, wine/custom cocktail selection and awesome service 3 Doors is known for.  No, 3 Doors Down is NOT ideal for Portland "11% Unemployment Rate" Oregon, but it IS perfect for those who appreciate the following (in order of importance, IMHO):*CHEAP HAPPY HOURS- Having recently being laid off, I now belong to the PDX FUNemployment Club [boo hiss]. However, thanks to the RAD happy hour menu, my expensive taste doesn't have to suffer [golf claps]. All happy hour items start around $4 and they rotate dishes such as the marinated eggplant, bibb lettuce salad (it comes with thick bacon chunks hooray!) and a cured Italian meat spread. You can make a meal out of the happy hour dishes here without breaking the bank or compromising your taste buds. Aaaand happy hour wine is $5 bucks a glass.*HAVING A PLACE TO IMPRESS A FIRST DATE/FAMILY IN TOWN: The subtle yet rather romantic ambiance makes for a very comfy space to bring and impress anyone from your date to out-of-towners who have had to listen to you babble about the culinary revolution that PDX is quickly gaining recognition for. Three Doors Down will NEVER let you or your guests down. TIP: If you're on a date and you don't know a damn thing about wine, discreetly mention that to your server and they will match the glass to your taste to your entree to your budget (yes, in that order).ANOTHER TIP: Make reservations on the weekends. Place starts getting PACKED at 5pm.*YOU ARE A "FOODIE"- Is that word passe in Portland yet? Whatever, don't kill the messenger. The body of this review doesn't have enough space for my mouthful of tasty words about the delicious menu. However, I know that the owner is also the head chef, and while he has never been professionally trained, that is one of the many reasons his restaurant is TOP NOTCH. He wins the hearts of "foodies" and those who appreciate stellar food based on his own style of taste and intuition of what unique flavors marry flawlessly together. (Cocoa powder rubbed pork? Sure!!) That, IMHO, is a rarity and SO special vs. a group of investors who decided to open a restaurant and hired someone else to run it and/or design the menu without ever having stepped foot in a kitchen. Seriously, if I could give the menu alone 10 stars, I would. *YOU ARE A "WINE ENTHUSIAST"- I don't know a damn thing about wine. And I haven't learned because I've been SPOILED for the last 5 months by the bartender at 3 Doors, who intuitively assessed my taste preferences in a few short minutes. However, I am picky about wine being too bitter and/or "earthy", and they have selections to appease any size palate, wallet and everything in-between. I know this because my finacee is a "wine enthusiast" and I take his word for it based on the "WOW FACTOR" face he makes every time a new glass is given for him to try. If you don't like it, they will graciously allow you to sample a few until you find something you love.*YOU ENJOY CREATIVE, HAND-CRAFTED COCKTAILS- They've got classic cocktails (Sidecars). They've got classic cocktails with a twist (Cherry Sidecar featuring their own alcohol-soaked bing cherries with a splash of handmade cherry juice). But the best part of the cocktail menu is their own signature cocktails (Blackberry Margaritas, served up and frothy with chunks of crushed Oregon blackberries, Watermelon Coolers, HOT BUTTERED RUM [!!!] etc.)I could keep going, but I feel like none of these words are doing any justice to 3 Doors Down Cafe (and I'm about to reach the 5k character limit....holy hell). I hope my point didn't get lost in that MASSIVE sea of words, but if it did here's what I'm trying to say:GO.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,12/16/2010,198,124,8,8,7>I've driven right past Tan-Tan for over a decade now. My step dad finally took me in here for lunch on my birthday.Cheap bastard....$3 sandwich for my 40th.But, it was delicious. So good, in fact, that I've been back twice since last weekend.I had never heard about Vietnamese sandwiches...a melding of French and Asian cuisines tucked in a delicious french roll. I ordered the vietnamese ham sandwhich...ham, pate, tai basil, tons of veggies, and a smear of pate.For me, the only thing missing was a dash of sour....but that's probably because of my love of the Italian sandwich O+V....Forget the $5 footlongs.....these are fresher and tastier....My new quick stop for a picknic dinner.What I love MORE than the Binh Minh sandwiches, though, are the Vietnamese spring rolls. Freshly made with bits of pork, prawns, rice vermicelli  and veggies wrapped up in a delightful soft rice paper wrap. They serve these with a peanut satay sauce: I could eat these little gems 24/7. In fact, a platter of 20 large  rolls can be purchased for just $35.  Each roll can be cut in halves, so it would EASILY make for 40 servings....it will be my summer cocktail party stand by. (Must call at least a day in advance for the platter, BTW)The staff is very friendly, and I look forward to seeing them all again soon. Even my meat and potato Hubs is looking forward to it :)
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,12/15/2010,95,217,6,7,7>The name Reggie has been forever changed in my mind.  Before I met Pine State Biscuits the name Reggie was just a name, no better or worse than any other (maybe a little bit better than average).  Now whenever I hear the word Reggie my pavlovian conditioning sets in and I am unable to stop drooling and the only cure is a trip to Pine State to mainline some biscuit, gravy, bacon, chicken, cheese deliciousness into my belly.If you come here on a weekend (and sometimes during the weekday) you will be waiting in a line that snakes out the door.  Also don't bank on getting a place to sit down at anytime as the place is teeny tiny.  What you can expect is amazingly decadent southernish style breakfast fare served up the way it should be with an extra side of Calories.  God damn that's some tasty calories (oh, and also fat).The menu is complete and has many options but my go to choice is the reggie deluxe, it comes in price wise at about 8.00 and really is enough food to fill you up for a good part of the day.  This is food that melts in your mouth, with each bite needing to be savored and processed slowly for maximum enjoyment.  The only problem is that whenever I manage to get a place to sit down at Pine State I feel rushed to leave as there is always people hovering waiting to swoop on their own table.  It is a small place, and I don't fault them for not having enough dining space because they are constructing a new pine state on Alberta that looks to have much more room.  I will be returning again and again.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,12/13/2010,44,62,4,7,5>This is our favorite downtown spot when we're feeling cheap and want delicious happy hour and drinks. We always take out of town guests here to show off one of Portland's oldest and sassiest restaurants. In fact...I've only ever been here at Happy Hour. I like the low mood lighting and the big fancy tables. The pictures of Portland that line the walls outside the restaurant are also well worth checking out for any history buffs.The happy hour snacks are tasty and usually enough to make a whole meal out of - we usually each order something and share it around. The desserts are quite heavenly as well, rich and sugary enough to split between three people without feeling guilty.Of course - the Spanish Coffee is served delightfully and is a must view for anyone who has never experienced it. Gotta love the serving staffs outfits as well. I've never had a grumpy or surly waitress or waiter here. Because of all these things - Hubers will continue to be one of our favorite late night haunts.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2010,12/12/2010,94,218,4,10,6>There's a new kid in town... I don't want to hear it... There's a new kid in town... I don't want to hear it... Wa Hooooo!!!!!  Everybody's talkin'...This place will be sweeping the critics off their feet within months, I figure, and other new comers will be shakin' in their boots!We settled into the "lounge" area, thinking we would have a drink and a nibble.  The bar was full and the restaurant had 3 of their 8 or so tables taken so we didn't want to take up a table.  The manager assured us there was no problem for us to sit at a table so we moved on in.Cozy space, big beams, garage door opening to the sidewalk (not sure why it wasn't opened on such a perfect night??), perfect lighting and really comfortable booths built by the manager (?) perhaps?We started with the artichoke soup and also the cuttlefish, clams, fennel and seaweed appetizer.  Artichoke soup was spot on and I have to say I don't recall ever having had artichoke soup before.  The calamari (call it what people know it is) appetizer was very tasty but I would not have paired the chewy seaweed with the cuttlefish.  Two chewy items in a dish is a bit of an overkill.  However, it was a perfect balance of flavors although I don't think the seaweed is a necessary ingredient.We decided to continue with a main course.  I had the Summer Squash Ribbons with Roasted Tomato, Porcini and Basil Pesto.  The flavors were incredible and it was nice to steer away from the normal vegetarian dish.  My only complaint is that it didn't have a starch so if this was the only thing you ordered, you may be hungry in an hour.  I little side of quinoa, polenta or mashed starch of some kind would be a welcome addition to this $15 dish.My companion had the Poached Albacore Tuna with Agretti (Italian Green), Anchovy and Corona Bean.  The tuna was cooked perfectly and nicely seasoned.  Truly could not have been cooked better.  The service was friendly without being overbearing.Johnny come lately, the new kid in town, everybody loves you so don't let them down!!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,12/11/2010,30,131,11,8,7>Oh gosh..4 stars means I'm a fan....of the dump.  Something intrinsically wrong with the mental image that gives.  But what the heck......Ya know, if you YELP "Hillsboro Dump" you get a page of restaurants?  I thought that was interesting.Family and I are demoing much of the old homestead in the Beav..it's 70+ years old and needed more work that I, as a Grande  Dame, cared about giving it.  Plus there is property attached.  Near Nike.  So daughter and her wonderful husband took the joint off my hands and have been hauling 35 years of laughable saved things (2 attics, a garage and a basement) and very important "I'll need this some day" stuff to the dump and the recycle place. Daughter posts her finds on facebook for friends to laugh at.  Star Wars Sticker Book, an original Commodore 64, crates of old comedy vinyl and even older 33 1/3 glass records, an amazing collection of moth eaten holiday decor etc.The dump..what can I say?  It isn't like the old days when it cost $15. bucks for a load of everything that just went into a pile.  Now you sort and recycle.  This is good-especially for s-i-l. But the cost of dumping?  Woah Nelly!  Bring that credit card babes..it's gonna come in handy! Even if you do recycle..ain't no such thing as a free lunch at the dump..except for seagulls.The dump ladies who check you in are always courteous and efficient.  The dump guys, who tell you where to back it up - ditto.  The scary thing is those professional haulers who whip their trailers and trucks around our 'old big blue'  like it's going backwards.  Ya gotta be on top of things at the dump or you'll get run over.Recycle- I like that.  Yard debris--goes here.  Metal..bring that old washer over there.  lumber--in this stack, baby.  And the books-boxes of books that have been in the garage for 10 years worth of mouse house...well they get recycled too.  Some to Powells-but not many..and most to the paper recycle stack.The dump is a good thing.  And I'm always happy when it isn't me who hauls the truck down there.There-now the dump has a review.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,12/10/2010,19,107,6,8,8>Extremely delicious creme brulee at this cart! What a cool idea, and the perfect finish after an awesome meal at one of the other carts at Good Food Here.They have different offerings on a daily basis. My SO got the vanilla one, and I got coconut ($4 each). They were both soooo very good -- perfectly brulee'd, and creamy deliciousness beneath.Other varieties they seem to offer so far: coffee almond, lemon, strawberry, hazelnut.They also have caramels and different flavors of marshmallows.  I haven't tried those yet, but I'll likely be back to bump them up that extra star if their other brulee flavors and extras are just as delicious.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,12/9/2010,107,287,13,12,10>Let me tell you something, about how much I want to go back to ShiGezO. See what I did there? I put the go in Shigezo, because I want to go. How about I put this another way, I'm hungover. Horribly Hungover and if Japanese "Izakayas" do this to me every time I eat at one I'm in trouble. Major trouble. Because I love them, love them LOTS but my head the next day after three pots of sake (that's like 12 rounds each people, Jesus) shared between friends (not that many friends) is not such a fan. You know what else they have? Awesome seating. Where you have to take off your shoes and sit on bean bags (so comfy, but hard to get out of) and they give you slippers and you have a curtain so you can shut yourself off from the rest of the world. You don't HAVE to sit in these seats, they have regular bar seating and normal tables without the bean bags and curtains and lack of shoes, but why would you want to sit anywhere else? And bless Shigezos heart, because they have okinomiyaki, and I LOVE okinomiyaki and it's super hard to find and it was so delicious that I nearly cried because it was only six bucks. That is insane. There Ramen was fantastic, we got the large bowl (HUGE) and split it and had some small plates to fill it out. The Gyoza was great, and next time I'll have some stuff on sticks - because i like to skewer things (that's what she said!). The poor server brought his a-game, because sake makes people (me) rowdy. Apparently sake also makes it necessary to cheers everything. But to be honest I just wanted to shout Kampai.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,12/8/2010,38,67,7,7,5>This darling little place's Panang Curry just about made me cry with joy. It was so so so sosososos good.There are a million Thai places in this city and several of them I like (Typhoon for example). So when someone wanted to go here, I was like, meh, I already dig these other places, yo. And they might get jealous. But I went anyway and I am glad  I did. Their Panang Curry whooped Typhoon's Panang Curry's ass, yo. Whooped. It.I don't live near this place. At all. But I don't really care. I crave Panang curry big-time. Often. And here is where I'm going when I want it. It pretty much ripped the "Best Panang Curry" tiara right off the rest of the restaurants in Portland heads'. My relationship with them is over (at least when it comes to that dish anyway) and I have shacked up with Cha Ba Thai. We are in love.Oh, and I sampled the Pad Se Ew as well. Divine, homies. Deee-vine.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,8/23/2013,171,91,2,10,9>After volunteering at the Oregon Food Bank we decided to try this place out.  We arrived just before they opened.  There was a a group of about 10 and our group of about 8 people waiting for the doors to open.   I really like that you order at the counter and pay up front so that you don't have to wait for the check at the end of your meal.  The food came out in a timely manner. I had the polenta and it was yummy.  They also have a great selection of beers on tap as well.  What I really thought was cool was that 100% net profit from your order goes to one of the charities that they work with.  'They have a list of the charities you can select from.Great big picnic tables outside made for perfect spot for our group to sit together and enjoy the food, beer and sunshine.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,8/22/2013,219,427,18,13,10>In my mind it went down a little like this:It was a day that will live in infamy. I put in two sweaty hours at the dance studio. Upon completion I had a hunger the size of Texas and my belly demanded sustenance in the form of a cheeseburger. But not just any cheeseburger ladies and gentlemen, the infamous YouCanHasCheesburger! I descended ravenously upon downtown Portland and this burger cart like Godzilla (only I'm petite, so maybe Minizilla). I paid my $6 to the terrified cart employees and devoured that grilled cheese sandwich surrounded burger in one bite. Okay, maybe two. Friends and strangers watched in horror alike as I let our a satisfied roar while cheese, ketchup, mayo and mustard dribbled down my chin. So anyways, you could say my first experience there was good. I've been back to enjoy the Lil' Mo-double beef, double cheese, bacon, no veggies which I'm also a huge fan of. There are enough burger varieties to satisfy all and everything I have tried is delicious. They also do breakfast. I'd like to check out their brick and mortar spot sometime, but I'll have to leave Minizilla at home. This place is not for the faint of heart.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,8/21/2013,47,96,15,6,5>I've been somewhat critical of the baconification of America and in particular Portland.  And yes that makes me a hyporcite.   Portland has a habit i've noticed.  Any time there is a dubious food (see Voodoo Doughnut) a solution comes in the form of "Yes well, there's bacon...or zombies...or pirates or PBR or Meth (depending on how close to Gresham you are) on it." to which I will generally respond "Oh... Okay.  You got me me again!".Keeping this in mind when I saw "PEANUT-BUTTER-PICKLE-BACON BURGER" on the menu I fell into the old trap of... "All that together with bacon?  WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG??".For once, that was accurately the correct response.   As I caught the first whiff of peanut butter, pickle and bacon, my savory lust sensors kicked it.   Like porcine delight wrapped in jiff and klaussen the burger beckoned me like a perverted conglomeration of all my childhood loves.   My God how wrong it is how much I love you Burger!   The flavor on this decadent beast is insane!  The hot burger melts the peanut butter just enough that the whole thing is a giant mess of dripping hedonism.I swear to god no one should ever be allowed to use "#firstworldproblems" without also including a photo of this burger.   By the time I had finished, slaked my needs on this diabolical beast I looked at my fries that were a little mushy and cold and not alltogether appealing and pushed them away.   I don't know if I can go back.  It's too much and I don't know that susquent trips will ever live up to my first time.  The PBPBB and I were star crossed.   If only for one lunch hour.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,8/20/2013,73,8,8,12,8>Our experience here last night was so memorable, it's causing the resurrection of  my yelp account.Let's just state outright that this style of restaurant suits me perfectly.  I'm an Oregon Native.  I like wood.  I like game.  I like organs.  I wear lots of wool.  Been known to not shave.  The Kingdom of Roosevelt feels like home.Our server Jules was spot on.  She recommended the quantity to reach perfection.  Every dish we ordered left nothing to be desired.  All of the meats were fall-a-party in my mouth.If you look at this menu and possibly get scared, it's understandable.  You will not find your average offerings here.  This place will change your mind about your childhood memories and make you call home about it.We ordered:- Upright "Billy on the Mountain" sour beer- "Bread & Fat" (duck fat & potato puree)- Salt Cod, Pickled Sea beans, Radish, Cucumber- Quail liver Custard- Acorn Dumplings- Hunters Stew (Rabbit Leg, Duck Leg Confit, Elk Meat Balls)- Maple Syrup Pie- CoffeeThe food was all around awesome.  The service was superb.  The experience was pure enjoyment.We get around and this place just went to the top of our little black book.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,8/19/2013,41,176,2,9,7>Man these guys kill it.  I'm normally not much of a deli sandwich person but East Side makes them more delicious than any I've ever had before.  Their prices may seem a bit daunting at first, but a 6-inch sub is more than enough for a full meal, and a footlong can probably feed a couple people easily.  You can choose one of their pre-made combos or make your own with whatever ingredients you want on their menu, and they pile on the goods.Their buffalo chicken is insanely good and paired up with their asiago cheese bread it works so well.  They've got a full vegan/vegetarian menu for the veggie crowd - they use a delicious Field Roast fake meat - as well and don't jack up the prices for it either which is also great.   Plus if you don't want a sub they'll make you a giant Dave's Killer Bread sandwich, which is the best bread you can get so it's totally worth it either way.I give up making deli sandwiches at home.  These guys do things with basic ingredients that I can't even hope of accomplishing.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/18/2013,94,218,8,8,9>Three words of advise - Start with DESSERT!  More on that later but you definitely want to make sure you save room for dessert.  If this place was in my neighborhood, I could sell all my kitchen gadets because I would never cook again!My boyfriend said he would take me anywhere I wanted to go for my birthday.  I wanted to try something new and chose Township and Range.  I could not have made a better choice!We arrived at about 7:30 and the place was about about 70% full.  There were a couple of seats at the bar so we bellied up.  The interior is modern yet cozy.  Again, if it was in my neighborhood, all the staff would know me by name within a week or two.  I would be the "Norm!" of T&R.Being that it was a day of celebration, I had hoped for a bottle of bubbly.  Sadly, they didn't have the bottle on the menu and offered a split but that just doesn't have the same effect so I opted for a bottle of white.I would describe their menu as comfort food with a twist.  I love that you can choose the sides you want with each entree!  Prices are very reasonable with appetizers in the $6-9 range and entrees and sandwiches in the $8.50-15 range.  Sides are all $4-5.I was having a tough time deciding between the steelhead and the buttermilk fried chicken so I asked our bartender.  Without batting an eye he recommended the chicken.  Damn, it was good!  Crispy, crunchy, golden, deliciously moist chicken and heaps of it.  I needed some greens so ordered the daily greens to counteract the mac and cheese.  Greens were broccoli raab and cooked crisp and tender.  I can barely type about the mac and cheese due to the drool on my keyboard as I think about it.  Smokey, cheesy and oh, so good!My boyfriend had the pork shank and he said it was the best he had ever had outside of Germany.And then.... dessert.  Salted Caramel Cheesecake.  This is a contender for the best dessert in Portland.  EVER!  I can't even give it justice by describing it so just go eat it.  Even if you don't have a meal there, go just for this.The wine menu needs work.  It is great for the budget minded with glass prices starting at $6 and bottles starting at just $15 but when I go out to eat, I like to have more than a handful of choices and I enjoy great wines.  I spoke with the friendly owner and he said he will probably be making some adjustments.  This place is so good that I could not even make any deductions on my rating for their limited wine list.This will be my go to restaurant when I can't decide where to eat, even though I have to drive across town to get there!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,8/17/2013,241,429,8,10,8>A word about the drinks menu: time.  I watched homeboy behind the bar set the empty glass on the counter to be filled and I didn't think much of it.  It wasn't until I thought I was about halfway through said drink (Fogcutter, if you're curious) and realized that I was barely a quarter through it that I realized I had to be somewhere that evening and I may not make it.Pound it?  First: shaved ice = brain freeze.  Second: bad idea. Dude had plenty of strength to upend the bottle for a while.  Bonus fact: this place has the biggest drink jiggers I've ever seen.  I wonder if they're custom made.  Anyway, you wanna take your time on these drinks.  For one, they're interesting and tasty and complex and all that.  Without being snobby douchebags.  So, super bonus there.I just don't get out there that often, but when/if I am, I'll be back.  Cut that fog, yo!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2013,8/16/2013,131,570,7,18,14>I miss my mom.That's what I thought the entire time I ate Mehri's food.She made a meal that my mom would lovingly make on a Saturday or Sunday morning while I was in high school. She'd make all of us breakfast, knowing I was starving and catching up on the sleep I lost from the past week. My mom used to be a baker, as well. All of the baked goods remind me of mom's pastry projects.Never have I thought that simple food could conjure such strong emotions, but I swear every bite of our food was prepared in the exact same manner that my mom would make it. The mismatched plates and coffee cups remind me of home and the random items my British grandma passed on to my mother (yes, plenty of favorite coffee cups used for afternoon tea or coffee).The bacon is among the best I've ever had. Thick, crispy applewood smoked bacon.The coffee was perfect (and hot!). The cinnamon pecan french toast wasn't overly sweet or fluffy like it is at other breakfast joints. It was perfect.The scrambled eggs are made exactly the way I expect them to be.The homemade sausage patties are much like what my mom prepared and forced me to take in the car on the way to school if I didn't finish them. Thanks, ma.Make sure you have plenty of time when coming here. You will partake in conversations that might turn this into a lengthy meal, but the food is well worth it.We were talked into taking a salted caramel brownie to go. We promised not to touch it until after dinner. Pretty sure it was about 10 minutes until we broke that promise.Can't wait to try more of their food (including bacon waffles and fruit stuffed pancakes!).
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,8/15/2013,74,203,,8,5>Andy Ricker's newest shrine to Thai street food does NOT dissappoint!Walked in on opening day at noon to find most tables inside taken but still got one by the window.Was surprised to find the super chef himself at the chefs station when I walked in the door.  When I said hi to him and commented on it, he said "I'm here everyday" I guess that's how he stays successful.Service was fantastic for a well established resto, let alone one on opening day.  Quick, to the point, but not hovering.We started with the Pok Pok spicy peanuts.. great way to start a long lunch.We had the Baa Mii and Phat Thai with Prawns ( excuse the spelling ).Both were great, but the Baa Mii was ridiculous!! ground pork, tiny bits of crackling, great chewy noodles in a broth that we poured over.   Wow.I'm guessing pdx'ers will complain about the prices ( $34 plus tip for 2 for lunch ), but it's worth every penny and possible to eat for a bit less.This place will be on regular rotation and I suggest you get over there before the unemployed hipster slackers hog all the good tables.I also forgot to mention... Private parking Lot... what a score in this hood.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/14/2013,145,218,7,11,9>I love this place!This place is so masculine, it's practically growing it's own beard!Come early to enjoy a shot of quality Bourbon from the bar upstairs, it comes with your haircut.  They have a few taps, and even have a small food menu up there with a cheese plate and such.  I have had a few different people cut my hair now but I prefer to wait for Cory, dude cuts my wavy hair in such a way that my haircut lasts for an entire month!...but when the month is up, I feel especially shaggy if I put my next visit off for too long.  Great strategy guys!  Give me a haircut so good, that I look like shit if I need one! (I completely made that last part up)After your all cleaned up, they clean up the neck with a straight razor, you can get a spray of cologne and a smoke.  For what you get, the time spent, and the feeling you have when you leave,  Modern Man is a bargain.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,4/5/2011,123,89,33,14,15>Two years ago, I fell victim to some bad peer pressure and dyed my hair red. Why would a 23 year old allow such a thing to happen? Well, this particular peer doing the pressuring was the Regina George of do-nothing, coked out hipsters. Oh, how I longed for her approval. On Tuesday we dump chemicals on our heads, and on Wednesdays we wear pink. Beware dear reader, that little box of Feria was the slippery slope to other, more tragic budget-beauty disasters. You won't realize you've hit rock bottom until you're sobbing in a chair at the Paul Mitchell school. Having admitted that I was powerless over drugstore beauty products and that my hair had become unmanageable, I came to believe that a salon greater than Bishops could restore my hair to it's former luster. I admitted to my stylist, Penelope, the exact nature of my wrongs and humbly asked her to remove all of my split ends. With a moniker ripe for mocking, New Vintage Beauty Lounge, is sleek and impeccably decorated. (I have a thing for damask and antlers.) You can load up on hypoallergenic cosmetics, Swedish medical-grade dry shampoo or whatever else you need in lieu of a personality. But you don't really care about any of that stuff do you? You want just want to know if you can get liquored up while your highlights set. I understand. Wine, beer and champagne are offered. They also have tea and coffee for the hopelessly lame among us who have not come to embrace our fare city's tradition of casual alcoholism. It's unclear how Penelope managed to get my hair back to it's natural shade. I'm thoroughly convinced that some dirty wizard shit was involved. But I tend towards fearing that which I do not understand. It's just easier that way. Less than an hour in her chair and I look like me again. There's enough miracles here to blow your brains.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,4/4/2011,58,56,5,12,11>I have come to the conclusion that the summer leading up to your first year of teaching is both super exciting and extremely frightening!  In addition to cleaning and decorating an entire classroom, the list of things to accomplish (i.e. writing welcome letters, leveling classroom books, creating a webpage, long term planning the curriculum for the year, attending trainings, etc.) never seems to stop (coincidently, neither does the caffeine intake).  While I wouldn't trade the experience for the world, I am quickly realizing that there is a LOT to think about and accomplish in a very short time. Needing to take a guilt-free break from our projects, a couple of my first year teacher buddies decided to escape our classrooms for a bit and take a field trip out to Lakeshore Learning.  Upon our arrival, we were greeted by one of the friendly ladies working that morning. Hearing that it was our first time in, she gave us a brief run down of the store, the specs on current sale, and a standing offer to answer any questions if they should arise. After that, she checked with us a bit later to make sure we were doing alright, but ultimately left us on our own to explore. Right off the bat, I grew to really appreciate the stores organization. Instead of just putting stuff where it fit or loosely clumping "themes" together, the whole store was broken up into sections like content areas, teacher materials, supplies, decorations, etc.. Having a brain that is constantly running a million mph, any effort to help keep it focused on one thing at a time is much appreciated.Like other educational stores, Lakeshore carries the standard: workbooks for all content areas, manipulatives, hands-on kits, teacher resources, craft/art/school supplies, posters, boarders, presentation boards, educational toys and games, stickers, etc.. Unlike the other stores however, Lakeshore seems to have more items that you would find in catalogs or online, such as: individual whiteboards, privacy folders, poster storage boxes and a variety of organization systems.  While there seemed to be a wide (and well stocked) selection of teacher loot, on the possibility that something was sold out or missing, the employees working were ready and willing to order anything necessary.While some of the merchandise seems a bit spendy (which is pretty standard for the products no matter where you buy them), being on the mailing list, I have noticed that the company keeps a lot of coupons and sales passing through my inbox.  We happened to stop by during the back to school sale and the whole store was practically 20% off, which was an exciting find. As an added bonus, this sale also included getting a free lesson plan book with your purchase, which was pretty awesome as that helped check yet another thing off my to-get list (woohoo). Given the local options for teaching stores, Lakeshore is moving to the top of my totem pole.  Not only does it seem like there is more merchandise but the friendly staff and organization make the trip in seem less overwhelming which is a major plus.  Now if only they sold magical fairies to help get everything done, then they would be my favorite place in the world!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,4/3/2011,143,429,19,8,9>In the words of Alexander, I was having a terrible, horrible, no good very bad day.It involved a genuinely sociopathic ex boyfriend from Montana arriving in Portland for a job interview that would move him right by me...There's a reason I moved away from MT, and it's not just because Portland is so awesome......I don't think I need to explain much more.Either way, my fabulous friends decided that the only way to deal, as well as hide, was to go out on the town and render me properly shnockered.  After a fantastic evening at Montage, and some wonderful alcoholic selections there, we headed off to Huber's, as I had never been.  I'm pretty happy with their selection of Hubers over a tequila bar, especially as I was an emotional wreck and those two things just don't mix.Also tequila makes my clothes fall off.Thank you friends.When we arrived at Hubers, I'm not going to lie, the hallway (or maybe just the people standing in it) kind of smelled like cat piss.  You would think that this would be a sign of a bad experience to come...but you'd be wrong.  The bar smelled lovely and was manned by an even lovelier man.  Two of us ordered the famous Spanish coffees, and our driver ordered a Stella, because as all 20 somethings know, you can't get drunk off just beer, right?Our bartender Matt was amazing.  He spin, twirled and swirled our drinks in one hand; adding alcohol, fire and more alcohol.  I was very impressed and quite nostalgic as I took turns watching Matt and looking down at my left hand, where I sport a little burn mark from a bad batch of Flaming Dr. Peppers a few years back.  This guy had talent and it involved alcohol.  Some sort of reverence has to be paid there.Our coffees were lovely, and oh were they STRONG!  After the drinks at Montage and one of these coffees I decided I was properly drunk.  I also decided that this was the best time to unload part my bad day on Matt, who took my blabbering graciously and then proceeded to make us a round of shots, whos recipe he had invented,  and that were so magically delicious they needed to be accompanied by a unicorn and a post coital cigarette.This place was perfect, and saved my horrible, terrible, no good, very bad day.  I'll be a regular here when the shame of my first charming meeting begins to wear off.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,4/1/2011,434,336,11,13,15>My mother, she was a cheeseburger fiend. If it wasn't a cheeseburger, it had to be pepperoni pizza. My dad, he likes almost anything he knows the origins of, however, it shouldn't be overpriced, or too fancy. He likes to make day trips to Portland, and this morning he was ready for something hearty for his mid day meal. I turned to Yelp, and the pictures to show him what would be offered on a Saturday. Of course our food carts were a major player. We thought about the ham and cheese waffle from Flavour Spot, some of the Mexican and Asian carts, and of course German sausages and hamburger places. We looked at Hillbilly Bento since dad is a Southerner, but they're closed on the weekend, so I showed him various pictures. Brunchbox won. We were able to find a great parking spot on the weekend, but looked at everything that was available before making an order since it's all new to him. Of course the idea of two grilled cheese sandwiches with a burger in between was hard to resist. The grilled onions and all the fixing's including a fried egg sealed the deal. The guys working the cart were super nice, and didn't try to hurry the order. I just got a delicious grilled cheese for $2 which is hard to beat. Dad had the icanhazcheeseburger for $5 plus .50 for a fried egg on top. The grand total $7.50, so it was a steal. Dad watched them make it while I fed the meter.What a treat! The grilled cheese was perfect, and he devoured his burger. I will include a picture to show his enjoyment. Forgo the drive through, and try this. It's as fast, and way better. The service was great too.When Pop's is happy, so am I.  I love the grilled cheese, but his seal of approval on the burger is golden.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,3/31/2011,141,355,9,17,17>Dirty little secret time: I'm an architect-in-training who doesn't love houses.  It's not that I don't appreciate them, and it's not to say that I'm not grateful for my own residence, but when push comes to shove and stud wall comes to roof enclosure I'd much rather be drooling over a swanktacular urban high rise or holistic hospital than stare at a single family dwelling...  So that probably explains why it took me almost 25 years (aka: my lifetime) to see this ginormous piece of structure that has been tucked away in the West Hills for almost a century. Yes, it's a winding drive, and the parking can be a challenge during the tourist season.  Consider carpooling.  And restorations are still being done, so go drop some coin and help them out.   Sure, the pictures are cool, but it's not the same as experiencing Pittock Mansion as a place. Designer or not, local or visitor, it's a building to see once in your lifetime.But how do you review a building, let alone a local monument? To critique architecture is to understand that there is a difference between space and place, or what you can actually touch and what your soul feels.  The careful balance of the pair is what makes a building memorable, and to many, what has made Pittock Mansion Portland's most recognized house and also its most cherished home. The four story building is constructed in the Renaissance Revival style, meaning that the house doesn't necessarily resemble one type of structure, but rather the romanticized ideas behind different European building techniques.  The steep roof and grand staircase mimic those of French castles and many of the interior elements are akin to Turkish details.  Be sure to walk around the servant gate lodge, which resembles picturesque Italian manners of the late 1800s.  If you can't get to Europe, let alone out of the northwest, this is a pretty good glimpse at what you'd see. But unlike other period structures, Pittock was designed with a small footprint, taking up little of the 46 acre site.  The use of local and regional materials, and constructed to preserve much of the surrounding landscape makes it so very Portland.  You almost have to wonder, are we talking about a historic mansion, or the values rooted in many contemporary, sustainable buildings designed in town?  There's something to be said about the people who envisioned such a residence.  Who, as children, walked across the entire USA to the northwest, humbly built themselves up through service and work, and were finally able to create their home in the later part of their lives.  Hard work pays off, and this is a fine reminder.  It's enough to send chills down your spine when you stand at the edge of the paved walkway, and your realize how everything you see, from the grass blades at your feet to the Mt. Hood in the distance has evolved into the world we know today.  While Pittock Mansion will never be the place it was to the Pittock's, to us, it's a spot to appreciate the region the house (and we) call home.  Like many others have said, when you stand with a friend and look east beyond the sandstone facade, you'll find yourself overcome with awe and a perhaps crack a bit of a smile at the overall beauty of the Rose City.   Which, in my book, is more impressive than any old house could ever be.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,3/30/2011,121,1306,9,16,13>Bourbon is by far my most favorite in the sea of alcoholic delicacies, and there are a lot. Then you take that bourbon and put it in a converted Victorian house and I swoon. Yup, I'm a total fangirl (squee optional).It's dimly lit. It's cozy. Its wooden floors allow all the sound to echo off the wildly wallpapered walls. It oozes distinguished charm while being laid back enough to stop by while on a bar crawl, although I wouldn't recommend it.The happy hour is indeed an hour of happiness--boasting food for $6 less and cocktails of a similar price range. Those sandwiches are really worth the price as far as quality goes. It comes with a garnish of a salad, but you didn't expect a full on meal, did you? The drinks really are the shining star of this place, and quite possibly the whole NW quadrant in general. You can have sweet, savory, and the in between. I started with a Black Ginger, which was definitely my style. A not-too-sweet ginger syrup with some Jim Beam Black. Simple. I like it. I also decided to get my own Slush. You've heard about that by now, right? It's basically a slushy that tastes like Sunny Delight but has alcohol in it. It's dangerous. Thankfully, it was a little too sweet for me. One was enough. The staff is super attentive. Our server balanced our large group with ease. I bounced back and forth between our table and the bar. The bar has TVs set up so you can watch whatever happens to be on, like the hockey game. On the other hand, you can just count the amazing bottles of bourbon on the wall. I know I did.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,3/29/2011,126,2155,31,12,11>"I swear there was a girl tied up in that car... She looked right at me""Should we go back?""I.... no... she's probably fine."Kinda wishing I'd have gone back to see what was going on in the back of that Chevy SUV but.... this review isn't for "Asian girl tied up in car," it's for Spring Restaurant.Spring Restaurant is pretty hard to find. It's located almost immediately off of the Canyon Road exit in Beaverton on SW 114th Ave... for which the sign is about *thisbig*. You'll have an easier time taking a right on SW 117th and looping back around. Of course this will take you through Tweakerland (patent pending) where you'll see random grungy dudes walking around with sweet skullets ( mulletjunky.com/webimage ) playing with yo-yo's in front of the "Mobile Home Corral" (real name) and other questionable, tucked-away-from-sight apartment complexes. Lock your car. Hide any loose metals. Tie anyone up who might be left inside.After that... you may notice there's no sign whatsoever for the Spring Restaurant. That's because it's located on the top floor of an Asian grocery store called Paldo World. You confused yet? No? Then walk inside where you'll hear at least four John Mayer songs over the radio before dinner is finished, if you can even find the staircase to the restaurant. It's over by the fish counter, just FYI.Once upstairs you're going to be greeted by some super, super nice people. It's pretty obvious this is a family run restaurant (perhaps entire store) and you'll be treated as such from the moment you're sat. For the Korean food ignorant, such as myself, there's a large board (and I do mean large) with 1ft wide, clear color pictures of every dish and a convenient numbering system to make ordering easier if you can't speaka'da'language.And you're going to be better off sticking to the numbers and doing a lot of smiling because boy howdy, English is not the native tongue in here and the comprehension of such is limited to very few restaurant specific words. If you ask for spicy your response will be pointing to the numbers on the board. "4, 8, 23, 26, 19, 32, 34." And that's good enough, right? Was for me, anyway.The food is awesome but you have to take that with a grain of "this is my first time eating this type of food" salt. You're started with some small plates which are free (and refillable if you ask). There's no labeling or explanation of what some of the more obscure dishes are but just go ahead and eat them up. They won't kill you. I'm proof positive. When your entrees come, be ready to eat. They're huge. And most of which are under $10. We tried some kind of spicy pork dish (#34, I believe) and something that was almost... Italian/Asian, (#4?) that was definitely tomato based and came with a bunch of spaghetti styled noodles and thick rice cakes which totally reminded me of those things the dentist stuffs in your mouth during any kind of oral surgery, especially by their texture.    I preferred the pork dish over the other but that's not to say the tomato based dish wasn't worth the buy. When we were ready to leave we were definitely fat and uncomfortable.... I mean happy... You're better off going up to the register when you're ready to leave as the bill will likely not come to your table in any haste. Since it's a family run spot, there's family members lingering just shooting the bull and forgetting about the customers.And for the love of God don't say, "Do I have to go up to the register to pay?""To pay?""Yes, to pay my bill.""Topei?"Thinking * Did I just say something in Korean? Hope it wasn't dirty...*"Uh... yes. Pay. Pay my bill. Money!""Oh! Money! Yes yes."Later at the register:"Everything was awesome. Thank you. This was my first time having Korean food.""Ahhh? *laughs*"You don't know what in the hell I'm saying, do you?   Oh well. Your food is RAD TITTIES and has flung open the door to a new-to-me genre of Asian food that I am happy to walk, no, run through.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,3/28/2011,426,1757,12,22,18>Why does being vegan have to be so hard? Every year or so, I take a 'meat break' for a few weeks and while I'll eat practically everything (and love my fruits and veggies), most tofu and garden burgers make me gag. Even the ones that are highly touted by other diners.So in my current meat-free state, I tried the OTG Burger from Off The Griddle at the A La Cart Food Pavillion (fancy way of saying the food cart pod on 50th and Division). And that burger rocked my world.They somehow managed to nail all the satisfying qualities of a glutinous beef burger with leeks, mushrooms and Bob's Red Mill wild and brown rice. No pre-formed patty here. The burger and fixings oozed over the side and it was packed with lettuce, tomato, grilled onion and vegan mayo on a Dave's Killer Bread bun. Bump it up to a cheeseburger and you have your choice of Tillamook chedder or Daiya vegan chedder. Completely shocked that I would actually crave a vegan burger. So thank you Off The Griddle for introducing a new item to my food pyramid.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,3/27/2011,376,599,43,31,30>An ugly truth about being a lady and living in a damp, chilly climate: From the minute you start to see your breath in the air until the day when the city's predominant color scheme turns "vibrant with lots of green" instead of "wet with lots of mud," our beautification rituals take a dive for the lazy. This is most evident on the lower extremities of the lady body, because most of the ladies don't take off their socks until June. Even when showering, in rare cases. Sorry, men-folk and ladies who like ladies-folk. Because, really, what's the point of putting yourself through the ongoing hassle of shaving and waxing and snipping your toenails and prettying up your legs and feet when they're just going to be swathed in layers for half a year? What's that you say? Personal satisfaction? Not wanting to scare your bedtime partner into playing for the other team? Hygiene-ishness?I suppose those are all valid reasons. Here's another one - if you do any kind of recreational activity that requires you to bare your tootsies - yoga, water aerobics, S & M - it's a lot more likely that you'll be motivated to get off the couch and do said activity when your toes look cute. Thank mistress for Healthy Nail and Spa and their decent prices for spa pedis and manis (spanis? smedis?). This review is basically a wish. I want to hit the vinyasa hard within the next couple months, but desperately need to get rid of the light green polish I had applied before my cousin's wedding. My cousin got married in September. Hey, don't run away, I've still got a great personality. Wait, no I don't.So I need to quit procrastinating and schedule with the fine folks at this small and super-popular Sellwood salon. Really, women file in there and will wait for an hour for a pedicure - they're that reasonably priced while being good at their jobs. The level of chattiness always depends on the employee, but all the people who've braved my cavewoman feet have been friendly and not overly talkative. Sometimes I just want to melt my brain with Cosmo and take long sips off my complimentary glass of white wine, you dig? Sadly, no complimentary beverages while you wait. Maybe you get water.You also get a kind of paraffin treatment, sort of like a hot water bottle being applied to your legs. And, of course, the massage. Mmm. The hues on my toenails (Suzy Says Feng Shui is a personal favorite, and, no, you can't share) are almost a bonus to the massage. I may need to abandon the imposing stack of paperwork in front of me, brave the cool air, and head to Sellwood right now.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,3/26/2011,118,219,6,10,9>Built to Grill is my favorite food cart at 3rd and Stark. It combines two of my favorite things ever: street food and carbs. The carbs come in the form of freshly made pasta and it is heavenly. I've never really been disappointed with anything I ordered. Their fried calamari for $5 tastes better than a lot of the fried calamari I've had at restaurants. Their gnocchi with sundried tomatoes and their pasta provencal with capers and olives are light and flavorful, so I don't feel bad eating the whole thing.Their penne alla vodka, on the other hand, with sausage in heavy cream and marinara weighed in at around 4.38 pounds. The first bites were scrumptious.... really really REALLY good. It was cheesy, carby and saucy. But after the first few bites, the sauce tasted too heavy and too creamy for me. I really wanted to finish it, but I couldn't! It's times like that when I wish I have Lipitor on hand and a second stomach.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2010,4/26/2011,213,358,14,16,12>Awww Yeah!That's what goes through my mind whenever I have to go to deep NE for anything at all any time. It's because I can only think of the yummy goodness that will be awaiting me at Namaste. No joke I drive here on Sundays for lunch after a good Yoga class and I stuff myself and go into a food coma. It's not a pretty site, but hey who's gonna stop me huh? You? I don't think so.Sorry for getting all aggressive there, I do Yoga to not be aggressive but then I love Indian food so much that I start eating and I forget that I did the Yoga an hour earlier. It's complicated.I totally recommend Namaste for Indian Buffet either for lunch or dinner, which I can only assume is the same buffet only they charge a wee bit more for dinner.It's not the "Best" Indian food I have ever eaten but it is really yummy, priced right and it is better than most in P-town.So next time a friend asks for a ride to the airport just think of yummy curries and soft delicious naan awaiting for you down the road from PDX.Enjoy
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,4/25/2011,457,244,18,19,16>My review to do list is beginning to become unmanageable.  Too many places to review and not enough time to write them up... unless I want to throw out a few two sentence summaries about my recent dining experiences. And we all know that's not going to happen. At least not yet.Especially when within the last month I've discovered 3 new places that have quickly ascended to all-time favorite, 5 star review status:  Bunk Bar, Hair of the Dog Tasting Room and...Little Big Burger.But if I were to minimize the prose and try to summarize my experience (as many do) succinctly in two sentences or less, I'd borrow my input from none other than the Bad Motherfucker Jules Winnfield himself and say:"Mmm-mmmm. That's one tasty burger."And it doesn't take a big brain or require one to be a smart motherfucker to realize it.The name really does say it all.  Not quite a small as a slider, definitely not as big as a regular hamburger, but packing all the flavor of one much more expensive then the sub $4 dollar price.Little Big Burger also keeps it simple by offering a very limited menu of cheese burgers, hamburgers, veggie burgers, fries, pop and root beer floats.  Kind of reminds one of how In-n-Out likes to roll.  Focus on a few items and do them well.And by the way, the fries are also fantastic.  Now I just need to find a tasty beverage to wash this all down.  By the way, you know what they call a Quarter Pounder with cheese in France?
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,4/24/2011,457,356,13,17,12>The Burger Bungalow has been open for one week and two days as of this writing.  Why did it take us so long to come here?  That's nine days of missed opportunity!  I didn't walk in here thinking I would be taken aback by a hamburger and giving it five stars, but darned if that's not what I am doing.  Perhaps I am getting ahead of myself, this is how we wound up here.  The Wife and the Tax Deduction and I were all getting over and coming down with a bug, none of us wanted to cook and we didn't want to go very far.  We contemplated the usual but Sweet Tomatoes is too much work what with all the getting up and down, so we opting to try the new place in the neighborhood.When we walked in tears welled up, it occupies the same space as our beloved, departed Wingman and the decor is unchanged.  But that is okay, it was familiar to us and therefore comforting.  The menu featured eight signature burgers, most of which sounded very appealing (I don't do spicy hot so a couple that you may like didn't appeal to me).  I decided on the Flat Line Burger with ham, bacon, egg, swiss and cheddar cheeses sitting on a 1/3 lb patty and a beautiful bun (more on that in a minute).  The Wife went for the Guacamole Burger and the Tax Deduction went for mini corn dogs and fries (he's a rebel).The service was top notch, friendly and not at all fake or over the top.  The owners came out to talk to us and explained how everything is northwest local and the beef is even local from Washington State.  They try and source everything from as near by as possible.  They both have a background in burger joints and it shows.What sets this place apart from the usual burger place and places high on the mountain along side Stanich's and well above McMenamin's?  Partially because of the care the owners take in crafting an unusual burger, partially because the burger is just huge and every bit as delicious as it is large.  But I keep thinking back to the buns they use.  It really added flavor to the burger, character if you will.This is one heck of a great reason to come to The Couv if you really care about a good burger.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2011,4/23/2011,29,56,9,9,8>Oh boy, am I in trouble now...  See, I have a very massive weakness for adorable little French inspired bistros with ever changing menus of locally sourced products presented with such artistic brilliance that I almost can't bring myself to eat them.  (Note, I said ALMOST).  Now, I'll give you three guesses what just opened three blocks from my place of employment, and the first two don't count.  :)Oh Cocotte!  I must resist you, yes?  I mustn't be tempted by your melt in my mouth sweetbreads served atop seared pork belly with demi and pickled veggies.  Paired with an $9 glass of Sancerre?  Ooh la la!And since I only just stopped in for a glass of wine and an appetizer, I certainly shouldn't continue on with a beautiful cheese plate of gooey, stinky goat and sheep's cheese with preserved fruit and nuts!  And pair that sucker with a pleasantly barn-yard-ey glass of dense, juicy Rhone wine?  Ah!  Mon Amie!And since that second glass of wine is making my head feel oh so light and ethereal, then I think I must DEFINITELY have the dark chocolate pot de creme paired with a silky glass of Sauternes, right?  Enchante!  Uh oh.  Can you see where my trouble is beginning?  I haven't even BEGUN to scrape the surface of their tantalizing menu (which, I must remind you, changes regularly), and I'm already hooked!  This is the kind of trouble that I love to get into...:)If you need me on a Friday night, you know where to find me.  I'll be at the bar, chatting up the charming, knowledgeable bartender and talking myself into all sorts of terrible, delicious things!Bring on the lamb shoulder!Le sigh.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,4/22/2011,188,386,8,12,6>There are some projects where you need to move aside and let the professionals step in. Getting your house off of a cesspool system is one good example. Septic tank, you say? Nope. Cesspool.The difference, for those curious, is this: a septic tank stores waste in a tank, while a cesspool is an open brick structure that allows liquid to leach out. In theory, as the years go by, the potential increases for it to collapse, leaving behind a cavernous stench-filled pit. Ours had been in our back yard since probably the early 19-teens.We knew that the purchase of our house included the responsibility of connecting to the city sewer system by 2010. We were fully aware. But I think you always underestimate the enormity and inconvenience of such a project.You know how the traveling vacuum salesman cleans a spot in the middle of your carpet, and now, dammit, you have to buy the machine to clean the whole rug? It's kind of like that, except imagine the salesman is the city of Portland, and charges you $10,000 to clean the initial spot.So the city charged us $10G for the non-negotiable service of running the pipe down our street and into our front yard, and we then had to find our own contractor to connect from the out-spout to the big pipe.As happens with everything house-related, once we had the ground opened up, we figured we might as well get a bigger water line installed, and doing that apparently meant that we had to then re-ground the house, so now electricians were involved too.Lovett was one of so many contractors we had bid, and they provided a fair estimate (the total was around $6G) with the resources to do a lot of things under one roof. Like Fred Meyer. Instead of hiring a separate excavator, plumber, cesspool-filler (yup, that's a job all its own), AND electrician, we hired Lovett and they figured all that out for us.They did good work quickly and within the budget they promised, and even had patience with us when we thought we could do some of the work ourselves. We couldn't. Unleash the professionals.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,4/21/2011,145,218,14,15,13>What an awkward location for such a cool little place!  I would have expected this place to be tucked tightly into some neighborhood not right on Broadway. Upon entering, I couldn't help but notice the Soprano's pinball machine calling my name from the across the room, but I also noticed that there is a definite bird theme here, bird cages, bird themed drink...oh, I get it swift like the bird...The happy hour drinks are smaller versions of the mason jar drinks they offer, it is however, more cost effective to just pay the 8 bucks and get a 32 oz mason jar...A few of the food options on HH make it a try again place for sureIf you are reading this, and contemplating the fondue fries, I say go for it, its like cheese and gravy melded together to make "Chavy."  Yep, I said chavy....
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,4/20/2011,400,884,10,13,22># 500!Yeah, it took me a while to decide where to go for my 500th Yelp review. I even enlisted the assistance of other Yelpers via Yelp Talk. They provided many awesome ideas--although most of the suggestions involved strip clubs--but I decided to make my choice for numero 5-0-0 something very...personal.My grandmother was Irish. She was a huge influence on my life. Ask anybody else who grew up with an Irish grandma. They know what I'm talking about. You could be 9/10 Transylvanian,  Eskimo or Polish, but if you have an Irish grandma, you're 100% Irish.County Cork is a great little Irish pub. I jumped off my bus on the way home today and wandered down Fremont for a block or so. I grabbed an empty stool at the bar. The Trailblazers game was playing on the flatscreen. The beer menu had many delicious choices. I ordered a Lagunitas Fusion and checked in on my Yelp Android app.I enjoyed the end of the game while I finished my beer. Photos of the Pope, JFK and Ted Kennedy looked down upon me from behind the bar. I got an Oatmeal Stout for my second beverage. I really like the laid back vibe of this place. Cool family pub. There were a few wee ones toddling about. Some folks might be put off by kiddies in a pub, but that  just makes it seem more authentic to me.A tear came to my eye while I thought about grandma. A couple of beers is usually enough to soften up the tear ducts of most self-respecting, sentimental Irishmen--I'm no exception. I ordered a shot of Power's Whiskey to send me on my way.I saw some food come popping out of the kitchen during my visit. The fries and wings looked awesome. I'll have to get some food next time I stop in.I toasted Grandma with my shot of Power's and headed for the bus stop. She was an awesome woman of unparalleled faith and courage. She wouldn't have set foot in County Cork--she firmly believed that alcohol flowed directly from the River Styx. I have no doubt that she'd forgive my small vices, however. Irish grandmas are like that.Sláinte!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,4/19/2011,276,315,21,21,14>At the risk of sounding so two years ago:OMFGI nearly inhaled my Spicy Thai sandwich. All I could think of while savoring every tasty morsel-- replete with Challah bread, orange marmalade, Sriracha, fresh basil, curry, and PBJ's special peanut butter-- was, "Sweet bald baby Jesus, this is awesome!"Never have I enjoyed a delicious marriage of the sweet and the savory, and the Thai infusion brought an unexpected but welcomed exotic passion to this masterpiece. I'd been eyeing that sandwich ever since I checked out their menu on their website months ago.That it took me this long to finally reward my tastebuds is a travesty. I will never deprive you again, oh, taste receptors on my tongue!  Never again!I'm going to have the Cynthia next time.  It has Nutella in it.  Enough said.  Plus, it'll give me a strange type of pleasure updating my review after having eaten Cynthia.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2010,4/18/2011,131,132,8,7,6>Only because the new feature on Yelp keeps telling me "Hey you checked in here, so write about it you lazy ass!" Every one loves it. Duh. You don't need to read my review. You'll see the 4 stars as you scan through reviews..if you are reading through the millions reviews of how amazing this place is.  Yes you are like a city of books, yes you've provided not only treasures found in between the pages of all those millions of pages but observing of human kind in this maze has provided me quite a bit of entertainment. Sit, thumb through a book and listen to the conversations, snickering, laughter, boredom, books dropping, feet shuffling, always complaining about the weather, break up stories, first dates.  Sit in the cafe and stare out the window, ignore everyone while you use your laptop, read, eat, watch, listen. Sell your favorites to pay your rent, bills, whisky and stand in line watching people wheel in boxes and boxes of books to sell back. This is a free night out for the poor, like me.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2011,4/17/2011,147,332,8,9,8>Anchovies. You either love 'em or you hate 'em. I love 'em. The dude in the cart loves 'em. If you love 'em,  you order them every time you see them on a menu.  Order these deep-fried fishies. Simply put, they are exemplary  ... if you love anchovies! I might suggest that you and an anchovy-loving companion each order another dish and split one order of these Fishy Chips, just so you can try additional Eurotrash delights. Good stuff. I'm a fan!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2008,11/8/2008,50,269,8,9,8>During my Zumba class last night, I realized that my boobs were getting way too close to my chin, aka, my sports bra was wearing out. Bra shopping is definitely on the bottom of my "favorite things to do" list.  So much contorting, stretching, hooking, chafing...I try to do it as little as possible.  I'm also, um, kinda busty, so finding things in my size has always been an issue.Not here.  There were two walls full of bras, all separated by their barbell system.  4 barbells is what I was looking for, meaning that it virtually eliminates bounce, and was good at keeping the girls in line. Have you heard that most women are wearing the wrong bra size?  Count me in. I was WAY off, and ended up a couple sizes smaller than what I currently wear.  I had her take my measurements when the first round of bras didn't fit (based on the size i thought i wore), and she even made sure that the fit was perfect.  They also carry lots of super cozy clothes, anything from workout wear, to coats and normal everyday kinda stuff.  I could do some damage in there for sure. They also have a website, while their store does have a lot of selection, there's way more you can order too.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2008,11/7/2008,189,360,11,17,14>I've been wrong before, and now is once again, a time I was very wrong.I have really grown to love Caffe Umbria for its simplicity and elegance. Drinks (in a cup for there) come with a tiny metal spoon and a sliver of dark chocolate. They have a lovely water pitcher so you can stay hydrated while you hang out for hours chatting, reading, or studying.People are friendly and the customers are perfect for people-watching and are often from another country. Its the best bustling down-town coffee shop ever.  And they have very cheap gelato (which is tasty and satisfying).
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,11/6/2008,240,523,12,17,14>Who knew that Calamari is included in their choice of meats?! I surely didn't but I'm amazed at it being there. The sauces makes your own concoction sing to your pallete. I personally prefer the simple garlic and soysauce mix with my veggies and calamari. Pineapple and tomatoes add it to my Asia Pacific flair. They have powdered spices to add zing to your plate. Just be careful though, they are potent. There are more veggies for you and this is a good ground to make your kids and not so young kids to appreciate vegetables. Add Teriyaki sauce to make it sweeter or go for the plain salt and pepper. It is definitely good. Wash it all down with their Thai tea. I didn't bother with the soft tortilla and the rice as the plate itself is delectable. The place is clean and it looks well maintained. It gets busy during lunch but they can accomodate every customer as they have lots of tables. The crew is helpful as it was my first time going there. Go for seconds and infinity with just an additional dollars. Definitely worth the money and your time.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/30/2008,11/5/2008,121,1306,10,13,11>Guitars and basses and amps oh my!I really don't think I've ever seen anything like it before. There is literally a sea of beautiful stringed instruments vying for your attention the second you step through the door. If you're easily distracted by shiny things and bright colors, prepare to send your ADD into overload. There is just too much good stuff.More importantly they have a section that cater to my inner piano geek. I was able to plunk on a few amazing keyboards that I probably never would have had the chance to do otherwise. It's very much a hands-on experience, and I didn't have someone breathing down my neck trying to sell me one. That may have partially been because I was with someone else who was getting the brunt of the potential sales schtick, but I don't know. The worst I got was some guy trying to get me to turn the volume up. I appreciate his faith in my skills, but I gladly declined. Performance anxiety for the win.Almost everything is clearly priced. I like knowing what I'm getting into. I'm a firm believer that if I have to ask the price, I don't want to know. I also saw signs for lessons and repair if you're not looking to buy. That's pretty cool. The staff really was mostly friendly. They were OCD about their guitars though. A few bad apples ruined their "play to your hearts content" philosophy. It left them cynical. Now you're watched like a hawk if you're even breathing in a guitar's general direction. I hate when people ruin the fun for everyone else.Since I've been shopping around for keyboards, I found prices were comparable to pretty much anything else I've seen, even online. I guess the beauty being that if I wanted to take one home today, and not have to deal with the hassle of shipping, I could. I wouldn't feel like I had gotten screwed. It's definitely an easy way to pass the time, regardless if you're looking to buy. Just be prepared to have a list of "Wants" and possibly "Needs" when you walk out the door.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,11/4/2008,265,215,12,6,7>Soaking Pool.(You can bring Champagne! though only in plastic cups)Wine Tasting.Whiskey and Cigars.Golf Course.(Note--the Golf Course is entirely deserted at night ;)  )Roughly 3 billion bars on property. (Of course, this is only a rough estimate. There could be more.)Movie Theater.Cheap rooms.You can walk around in your bathrobe outside, searching for the soaking pool, and you don't get weird looks. Well, not many. Well, I had too much wine, beer, and whiskey, so if there were any weird looks, I sure didn't notice them.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,11/3/2008,98,164,16,7,11>"Sometimes me think what is love, and then me think love is what last cookie is for. Me give up the last cookie for you."~Cookie Monster~Obviously Cookie Monster has never tried the cookies at Paradise Bakery!  No amount of love would prompt me to give away one of these little bites of perfection.  Grab a mix 'n' match sampling of the chippers to be transported directly to cookie heaven.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2008,11/2/2008,9,30,7,11,12>This is the place to go when you want to pick a beer from a list of 50+ by alcohol percentage.  Don't judge, we all have those days.I really like the MoHo.  The bartenders are always really friendly.  The beer selection is well rounded.  It's not just that they have a lot of beers, they have every type of beer you can be in the mood for, from anywhere you might have fallen in love.I'm going to let you in on a little secret too, the food is awesome.  While there are more than a few bars that serve food near the Morrison, the food here is way out of the park.  I've had a really finely crafted lamb plate, a tasty pizza, and addictive onion rings.Monday is all day happy hour, which gets you great beer for great prices.  They also show random baseball games.  Haven't figured that one out yet.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2008,10/31/2008,123,492,9,13,11>Has anyone ever seen that Simpson's episode where Homer skips merrily along in a world that is completely transformed into chocolate?  He even takes a horrific chomp out of a Scottie dog's behind as it tries to run by him.  Well friends, I have been to this world of chocolate, and it is thankfully right down the street from me.  We managed to walk there yesterday in-between the rain drops.Thursday, Friday, and Saturday nights Jaciva is open "after dark" from 5pm to 10pm.  They have a handful of tables - maybe 8 or 10?  Their menu is beautifully descriptive, but for the visually stimulated, they also have a full photo menu.  I felt a bit naughty peeking at all those delicious pictures.They offer Stumptown french press coffee in a few different sizes.  DH and I split a big press between us.  I *love* the texture and flavor of french press coffee.  Our friend had the most to-die-for hot chocolate I have ever tasted.  They offer 3 different varieties of hot chocolate - milk, dark, and extra-dark (65% cacao).  My friend had the dark chocolate.  It was heaven!We tried 3 different desserts - the "Heaven" cake, the NY cheesecake, and the St. Helen's lava cake.  All were delicious, but the lava cake won, hands-down.  It's fun.  It's warm.  It's chocolaty delicious.  I already have my next visit planned out - I will try the extra-dark hot chocolate, and the vanilla bean creme brulee.  I can't wait for next Thursday!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,10/30/2008,457,244,15,15,14>A velvet painting of Dolomite...Really, I should end the review here, because it is impossible to top a velvet Dolomite, but to not mention the great owners, the psychedelic black light room, or the vast selection of velvet paintings off all subjects and genres would be a disservice to what makes the Velveteria a top Portland destination.The Velveteria displays close to 300 unique velvet paintings, including a sci-fi image of the Haley's Bob weirdo mastermind, tasteful playboy-esque nudes, scary clowns (although, aren't all clowns scary), unicorns and Kenny Rogers.  These are only a small portion of their larger collection which they rotate through the museum.There is also a Timothy Leary inspired Black Light room filled with glowing velvet paintings...the menacing devil and the nude silhouette paintings alone were worth the price of admission.  The extremely reasonable $5.00 admission fee makes this a must stop next time your over in the East Burnside area.  Make sure to do a "stop and chat" and get some great insight and stories from Caren and Carl, the owners of the Velveteria.  Despite appearing on No Reservations with Anthony Bourdain, they are incredibly down to earth and were eager to talk with us about their museum, the neighborhood and their interesting interest in these paintings.And did I mention they have a velvet Dolomite?
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,10/28/2008,4,18,9,7,11>Dear Bakery Bar, I may have to hate you a little now, for offering up the best cupcake in Portland, and sass from the servers to boot. It's not just that you put Saint Cupcake and the rest to shame, or that you've surpassed my best loving memories of my mother's kitchen... oh no, you couldn't stop there... you had to hook me with the first gleeful lick of coffee buttercream (yeah, i heard the angel's chorus), and reel me in with funny little fondant decorations on your cakes. Now I'm a slave for this crack-fection, and I only work a few blocks away. Thanks a lot darling. Yours truly, Frank
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2007,12/30/2007,31,44,2,8,3>The Mercury reviewed this place a few years back and it boggles the mind that more people don't flood this place for their very authentically mainland China offerings. I've been to Taiwan a few times, and the food was always great, but like any time I travel I want to come home finding the same things.  I have yet to visit Hong Kong or any part of the mainland, but if I had, I'd be yearning for the food that I can find here. Gold Garden is on a disreputable part of 82nd Ave deep in SE Portland near Powell. If you are afraid to leave suburbia at all it might make you nervous, but do NOT be discouraged and not treat yourself to the long and glorious menu of the place. I revel in this kind of neighborhood. It has life, personality, spunk, and dare I say it, a little flava'.  Life is found teeming near the edges, so let's let our focus drift a little away from the center of the bright shining light that is our fair city.  This is the setting for the wonder of Gold Garden. The sign out front proclaims the "Gold Coin Lounge" rimmed with white lights which is found near the back. Do NOT go in the back door.  Go to side where the Unicorn Inn is (which by the way rents by the week) and enter the glowing red and gold dragon adorned restaurant side.  The staff is friendly but brisk, and watch out because they'll give the non-Asian customers fortune cookies, but the Asian customers orange slices.   This is a new change and I hate it, but I'll still keep going.The menu. LONG, and you can only read the specials if you read Chinese.   The pork, green and egg soup is particularly tasty and they have every seafood in any format you can ask for. The Hong Kong style shrimp is particularly good. They have clay pot, sizzling, or regular entrees and seasonal fish that they'll steam for you, season lightly and bring with the head still on. It's so good i can't even describe it fully. Did i mention the fish is still swimming in the tank when you order it?It is all family style and don't go if you are looking for American Style Chinese food. You won't find heavily breaded chicken covered in sugary sauce. You'll find the much better version of the lightly breaded tossed in tasty savory goodness. Ask the staff for the fresh steamed fish of the day,and you'll be rewarded with a big smile and enthusiastic explanation of what they have.  Try it all. All that I have tried has been good. Go, feel the love, and don't forget your fortune cookie.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2007,12/29/2007,65,138,1,6,3>I'm kinda a rookie when it comes to Mediterranean food ... but this place was pretty awesome!We went with a group for a work dinner so were able to sample some very yummy stuff. Their falafel appetiser was tasty as was their hummus and baba ganouh (sp?). I shared a yummy veggie dish called "Fattee" with a co-worker. It was layers of thick bread with veggies and covered in tahini sauce. TASTY! We also shared the artichoke stew ... also very tasty.They had a most amazing strawberry lemonade ... that almost tasted like a smoothy -- but not too overpowering. It was amazing!Hands down I would say -- best hummus I've had in awhile. Very very tasty.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2007,12/28/2007,73,142,2,7,4>I finally decided to join 24-Hour, it came after a lot of consternation because I'd been turned off by the sales pressure and busy-ness of the clubs, but I decided that it would make sense because it is close to where I work/live, if I ever move it will be easy to find another one close by, and the membership deal was really good.About the facility:  it is basically a large warehouse converted into a gym, parking can be really tough to find and is the reason why they have valet parking during the week nights for people.  No one rides their bikes to this place, and I'll start encouraging them to get some bike lockers and improve the bike lanes and crosswalks for pedestrians.  Relating to my previous issue this 24 Hour is one of the few super-sports devoted to cycling hero Lance Armstrong, yet no one rides there bikes to the gym, I guess they can't handle some inclement weather.About the Lance Armstrong schwag, it is pretty cool!  They have a this huge 20' diameter 'Livestong' wrist band over the front desk and his face is plastered all over with inspiration quotes from him.  There is a wall of smaller race pictures of him and newspaper clippings from races, also on that wall is his resting heart rate and training information, which is pretty hard core and very respectable.  In the men's locker there is a locker with a plexiglass door on it, inside is one of Lance's Discovery Channel jerseys and a pair of race shoes.  I think they have something similar in the women's locker room.There is a 4 lane lap pool (aqua-robics classes); jacuzzi;steam room;wet sauna;2 racquetball courts (possible to reserve a court and can checkout rackets/balls); spin room (~30 bikes, usually need to reserve a bike before class - at least 30 mins on Mondays and Tuesdays); yoga room (yoga and private pilates, water feature); large class room (multiple classes, yoga studio); 2 stand up tanning booths; ~80 total treadmills, stair climbers, ellipticals; basket ball court (full size with 4 other practice hoops); personal training area (area for personal trainers to use computers to enter data about their trainee and show them exercises); normal free weights and cable machines; the speed cycle for a full-body workout in 24 minutes; daycare center; andpro shop (supplements, vitamins, workout clothing, batteries, towels).The coolest thing they have is this machine that you lay on and you do a sit up and toss a medicine ball into cage.  The ball or balls rolls back out and you grab another and keep going.The personal trainers are good and will evaluate you and help you achieve your goals.They are supposed to have a towel service very soon so you won't have to bring in your own sweat towel (highly recommended) or bath towel.  All 24 Hour Clubs have an online calendar you can look at, but some clubs like the Pearl Club and some other ones around the country have a google calendar that you can integrate into your own google calendar (copy a class event onto your own and set up a reminder seems really handy).  This one does not, I asked the manager about it and she said she'd look into and I should check back with her.If you go in off hours you will probably have a better time.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,12/27/2007,30,38,2,4,3>Last weekend was your typical early December weekend. It was Sunday morning and I woke up knowing that I only had two weeks of school left in the semester and that these would be filled with finals and projects. So one of my housemates and I decided to try a new spot for breakfast as a pre-study treat.We chose the Cadillac Cafe, a place neither of us had ever been. Maybe it was the fact that I was starving. Maybe it was that doing anything but homework sounded appealing. Maybe, even, it was that I wanted to stuff myself with food in an effort to numb the pain of a quickly approaching semester's end. Now I absolutely love breakfast. I usually don't have time for it in the morning, but I will eat breakfast anytime of day that a restaurant is willing to serve it to me! My biggest gripe about breakfast: having to choose between salty and sweet. But here, I found my dream breakfast. I ordered the pumpkin almond pancakes, delectable pancakes made with pumpkin and vanilla bean and topped with candied almonds. This was served with...ta dah: eggs scrambled with veggies and cheese. I had a cup of coffee that never went empty thanks to the friendly waitstaff and a wine glass of cranberry juice that made me feel much more luxurious than it should have.The atmosphere was great, and if you get a window seat it's easy to block out the craziness going on around you. The one downfall (hence the missing star) was the horrible wait time. I doubt there is a time of day that you could go to Cadillac and not wait for a lengthy period of time.It's a little pricier than most, but worth a treat every month or two. Delicious!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,12/26/2007,171,101,6,6,5>I have a confession to make.I have fallen in love with this place. No really. I know you think it's a fling, that it's just like all the others. Oh but you are wrong!! This is it! This is real! This is the one for me.I was drawn to the beautiful white linens on the cute little table tops. Slowly seduced by the array of menu choices. But it was the fresh ingredients that sealed the deal for me. I have this problem sometimes when I go to a restaurant where I see something on the menu like a sandwich or a pizza and it has one ingredient/veggie/topping that I love and three others that are just "eh". That's why i'm all for places that let you make your own..whatever. I need to love everything on my sammich! Is that so wrong?Well, that's why ESB (aka my lover) is amazing. They have some of the most amazing ingredient combinations ever. It always comes out light and each flavor complements the next. I swear they have the executives of the Food Network locked up in that kitchen helping them through these key decisions. Okay sooo here's the deal. Get the Calamari. Yes it's fried, but only lightly. Whatever that means. But do it. Trust me. Also the Bistro Burger. What is it? Well...Strawberry Mountain ground sirloin, grilled and served with lemon aioli, tomato, avocado, Nueske bacon, lettuce and caramelized onions. Yeah. I know. You're welcome.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2007,12/25/2007,104,185,3,6,6>Don't just come hungry, come with TWO STOMACHS!  This place is getting famous for it's intensely over-sized home-style breakfasts.  I've been here twice now and it's still amazing to me how high they can pile omelettes, biscuits with gravy, and hash browns.  It's been packed both times I've been there, and despite the crowd the cafe still runs with great efficiency.  Imagine a long line at the door, waitresses with 4-5 plates on their arms, and hostesses frantically seating as fast as they can.  Their biscuits and gravy is not my favorite of all time, but still in my top five.  I also enjoyed their corned beef hash.  My sister's boyfriend ordered a sausage omlette with hash browns and just kept looking at the mountainous pile of morning meal mess in awe.  The only downer was the waitress' personality much resembled that of dry toast. *pun completely intended*
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,12/24/2007,3124,1728,14,4,9>Icing by Claire's is like Chipolte by McDonalds:A fancy store front, higher prices, shiny packaging, and a damn good marketing team that advertises the "high quality" of the products." But behind the scenes, it's the same crap.  And by crap I mean everything that a member of the special secret club for super fabulous girls could EVER want!   Eeeiiiiiiiiii!!!!!!  like, OMG!I was able to get my glam-on from head to toe with pretty pretty princess paraphernalia...and $20 dollars later, it looked like I had spent the entire day at the sparkle spa!Lucky for me, Icing is really pushing their "GoldDrama"  line...which means that the "Glamorized" line by Mariah Carey is all 50% off!  Judging by how good the movie Glitter was, you can only IMAGINE the divalicious delights that truly allowed me to unlock my inner princess. Claire's is sooo 4th grade. Icing is the "mature" older sister who was definitely the runner up for 9th grade homecoming princess...right behind Club Libby Lu.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,12/23/2007,93,278,1,4,4>You gotta be kidding me.  Somebody finally says they're opening a true NYC deli in Oregon and it's in OREGON CITY?  There was a lot of pent up demand for a Brooklyn deli in the OC?  Who knew?So I went.  What do we have,  a brand new mini mall with it's faux Craftsman accents as all upscale mini-malls are required to have.  And in the middle of it, Brodski's NY Delicatessen.  It's only been open since yesterday and already has a following.  One guy is overheard to say he's been there three times.  That's in 36 hours, my friend.  And as I'm leaving after 1 PM, a second lunch line is forming.  Pent up demand indeed.So okay, you got about a dozen people behind the counter and out on the floor.  Nicely appointed space with quality furniture and warm, tasteful colors.  Nothing that screams New York so far.  The menu is busy and generous: breakfast, lunch and dinner all served all hours they're open.  In other words, this is no half-baked enterprise; it's a serious commitment.  And they're doing it well.  I've worked in and gone to plenty of restaurants in their first week and it's clear this place has its head on straight.  Service was professional - friendly and never frazzled.  Orders arrived in a timely way and with nearly everything as it should be.Although they have my fave smoked whitefish on display in the case, I go for the main event: a hot pastrami sandwich with homemade potato salad.  And some New York style cheesecake to chase that.  (I'd better review a gym next.)The verdict:  well the pastrami was not so much hot as warmish but it was deli-icious.  The sandwich itself probably suffered from being made with Franz rye bread rather than a more substantial base, but I can't argue with that pastrami.  The potato salad was fresh and good if not spectacular.  And then the cheesecake - THAT is the real deal.  Best I've had in years.  You can get it with strawberries and whipped cream on top, but I'd rather see that golden baked crust on top and not let anything get in the way of that the creamy vanilla flavor.  Perfect.  I'll have to go back a couple times to get a bearing on the rest of the menu but so far I think Brodski's is on the right track.---Addendum: I've been to Brodski's for breakfast a couple of times and that may be when they really shine.  There are many omelets to choose from, and a whole family of benedicts.  The Empire State omelet, with nova lox, cream cheese and capers, is served with a bagel on the side.  For my money it's a much better option than the nova lox bagel platter, which is beautiful to look at but awkward to actually eat and expensive to boot.  Brodski's for breakfast.  I think so, yeah.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,12/22/2007,32,273,1,4,3>Half and Half is simply delightful. There aren't many better ways to spend an afternoon than a trip to Powell's for books, Jackpot for music, Reading Frenzy for zines, and Half and Half for coffee and lunch. Unlike most coffee shops, the food at Half and Half is simply delicious: tempeh reubens, deviled eggs, parfaits, and yummy desert cakes.Incidentally, they have a great blog on urbanhonking.com
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,12/21/2007,15,48,,5,2>Tabla is one of the anchors of the 28th Ave. restaurant row, serving excellent mediterranean food at reasonable prices given the quality of the food.  The fixed price meal is a great deal, and two people could split it if you are not huge eaters.For pasta dishes, the tajarin, ravioli and pappardelle with bison ragu are all superb- the pasta is homemade and cooked perfectly.The service has always been good whenever I've gone, and the decor is clean and contemporary.I've lived in Chicago, San Francisco and New York, and traveled to many other cities for work, and I think that Portland has one of the best restaurant scenes in country, and probably the best for a city of its size.  Places like Tabla are part of the reason why I say this.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2007,11/27/2007,1,63,7,8,6>Actually, a delivery truck - or something - ran into the edge of the sign, burning out the bulbs and crushing the edge of it. That's why it's called the Vern, because the only thing that one can read on the sign is the "Vern" of "Tavern". Get your facts, or at least your local gossip/history, straight! This place is good only for the fact that it serves $2 micros from Monday through Saturday, and PBRs for a $1 on Sundays. That's just about it: the food is pretty poor fare for even a tavern, the place is inundated by crazy burn outs during the day and obnoxiously image-conscientious Hipsters and Punks in the evening, and while the service is often good the lady that runs the tavern during the days belies the charm of surly bartenders. Oh, and tell Johnny to learn his limits and to quit quaffing Budweisers after he's fallen off the bar stool twice, please. It's just damn disgraceful and embarrassing.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2007,11/26/2007,2,11,7,7,6>Stuffed full of French-food lalaland.Okay, I may be a little biased since I think I'm secretly in love with the chef Naomi, and her souschef Mika.  That said, I have good reason to be so enamored.  I've been to Ripe a bit back in the day, and Clarklewis, and more recently Family Supper during the summer in the backyard of the chef's house.  All amazing dining experiences.  Sumptuously prepared meals, well planned, top shelf ingredients with an eye to what's local and in season, and most importantly to me, not a hint of guilt in a single bite.  Everything is made with the intent of taste, bullocks to health or well being.  The chalkboard walls at Beast are scribbled with adages, Thank Heavens for Lard, Vegetables are nice and all, but really a waste when not accompanied by a big slab of meat!  We had the prix-fix six course meal (substitutions politely declined), they now offer some minor variations in number of courses, but I say Bah!  Go whole hog!  It'd be a waste to describe each course, just go and try it.  My biggest compliment: My friend and I are some of the most critical people around (we're both from New England) and typically delight in criticizing things in order to fully enjoy them, but we didn't have a negative word to say, period.  Actually, this is what we're amazed by this morning.  Thank you Naomi for taking the negativity out of us for a night, and leaving us passed out on the couch for the next 12 hours.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2007,11/25/2007,126,2155,10,9,9>It's a new concept to me to not be frisked at the door of a venue. I don't think I've been frisked once in the state of Oregon. California is all about checking "with the blade of the hand" what you might have stowed between your nuts. The Crystal is a quick ticket scan and you're off to the stairs. The con is they deal with TicketBastard which in itself can be enough to cause hesitation about whether I am really set on seeing the show. I'm a sucker for history so once inside, all the old photos and show bills intrigue the hell out of me. I typically show up late however, leaving little time to really check them all out. So I've covered the door, walking through the impromptu Portland Music Museum and now I'm to the point in the review where you're waiting to hear me go on and on about the suspended floor. The floor is a great idea, it's the humans sans-rhythm who screw it up. If you've ever jumped on a trampoline with five friends all on different timings I'm sure you understand. It's like a nurse is checking your reflexes with that blasted little hammer. Knees flopping around and what not. The floor is rad though and I manage to maintain this "Final Destination" vision that it's going to collapse and we're all going to plummet straight down into Lola's room killing everyone before I'm impaled on the tap of the Black Butte Porter, bleeding slowly until it fades to black. (The odds of this happening are slim but if it happens while I'm there, expect this review to be edited and dropped one star.)Another pro is that it seems to get all the good shows. Well, them and The Doug Fir. (I suppose The Roseland is cool... you know... ...if you're into seeing Insane Clown Posse for the second time in two months or watered down not-so-anarchist-anymore "Against Me!")Now for some negative...Beers are way too expensive. $4.50 for a PBR? Are you kidding? We were in Portland the last time I checked, not San Francisco. Pretty sure you can pull a 12 pack of that crap for about the same price. $6 for a McMenamins brew?It's great and I'd drink the Terminator Stout with breakfast if I could good but please... $6 is a little out of hand, especially since I just gave TicketBastard $8 worth of service charges just to get into the building.The partition/aisle/red sea/barrier thing is pretty ridiculous. Totally keeps the 21+ crowd from getting up close to the stage. I understand keeping the lush crowd from the young, however-still-most-likely-pre-game-intoxicated crowd but is this divider really necessary? Does Oregon not allow bars to slap wrist bands on people to distinguish ages within one space?Alright, now for the worst part. There are two things that are a consistent buzz kill. First, the sound. Sometimes this place is (sort of) on point and sometimes it makes my ears want to burst into flames. There have been points during quite a few sets where I stopped listening to the band, put my head down in thought and pondered;"Holy shit, what is going on here?""Holy shit, is someone going to adjust this sonic mess?""Holy shit, do they hire the deaf to man the sound board?"Holy shit, why are the mids so high? "Holy shit, the guitars are drowning out the drummer! "Holy shit, this is really killing my $6 beer buzz!"Will someone PLEASE turn the damned mid range down? Pretty please!?"DID SOMEONE NEGLECT TO TEACH THE SOUND GUY THAT TURNING THE VOLUME UP DOES NOT CORRECT ANY OF THE ABOVE NOTED PROBLEMS?"The bottom line here on the sound is that the venue probably does an initial sound check when the band shows up during the day and neglects to take into account that a room full of bodies is going to drastically change the dynamic later on. When the room fills, they think they can compensate for the difference by turning it up louder under the assumption that what sounded good earlier should (in theory) sound good during the show. News Flash: It doesn't. Second, The white stage lights mounted high BEHIND the band that turn on randomly and swirl around the audience. I'm reminded of driving west in the late afternoon and the factory provided car-visor I have just won't reach far enough, forcing me to use my thumb to block the sun while I squintingly wait for a green light. It's simply not necessary to blind the audience! Blind the band all you want, they signed up for it when they decided to tour! The peons who fill the pockets of TicketBastard and venues across the nation are not the focus of the show. The band is. Lights on the band please, lights on the band.In closing, I get on tangents from time to time and this venue is by no means horrible and it's probably one of the best Portland has on the scale of large venues, however there are issues that need to be addressed that most likely never will be. Due of course to continued patronage and acceptance (including my own) of TicketBastard, $6 beers, hit (barely) or (WAY) miss sound quality and blinding audience lights.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,11/24/2007,3,5,5,4,3>Sometimes a girl just needs some bacon. Feel me ladies? I picked up a friend from the train station last weekend and she wanted some good ol'merican style breakfast, so we rounded the corner and saw the line, and knew it would be the ticket. We sat outside because you don't have to wait.  Since I am a lova of FREE coffee, this place already gets 3 stars, but the service was awesome. I was surprised because patio seating can be neglected at some restaurants, but not here. Our mugs were kept full of that sweet, life-giving nectar the entire time. The bacon was half-crunchy-half-floppy (thats how I like it!), the pancake was big, and eggs were fluffy, and you can have all of this, for less than 4 dollars! I didn't check out the inside too well, it was a packed house, but I liked the east coast diner feel. So old school in fact, that they don't take plastic, my only gripe since my out of town guest had to pick up the tab. Kudos to the wait staff, you ladies have it down!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2007,11/22/2007,121,1306,13,24,15>Indian...in Vancouver?  Good Indian...in Vancouver?!  I think that alone is a 5-star rating.  Since I got back from Wales and had a most delicious 'proper curry' I've been twitching from withdrawal.  This girl has finally found her fix.  The bright lights from heaven shine down upon Chutney in its gloriousness.  Hallelujahs are optional.First, get over the fact that it's in a strip mall-esque setting.  What in this town isn't anymore?  It just is what it is.  The decor is simple and clean, and there is music playing in the background.  The only small fault was that we were slightly ignored at first, but it's only because they were overwhelmed with a huge (15+ person) group and it was lunch time so there wasn't a ton of staff.  I wasn't in a hurry, so it didn't bother me at all.  They made up for 100 times over with their customer service.  These people are happy, and GLAD to see you.  We got to meet several people who worked there, including the chef!  We even got an appetizer on the house for no reason as far as I can tell.  I thought it was because our order went in after the big group, but we weren't even done with the samosas when we got our food.  The food was divine.  It was extremely flavorful and piping hot.  The naan was incredibly fluffy and fresh.  By the looks of things, there is no official lunch menu.  You get the same price and same portions all day.  Who can complain about tasty leftovers?  Lamb Saag, Chicken Tikka Masala, Basmati rice, naan, and veggie samosas were consumed.  Two types of chutney were served with the samosas, and the cranberry was amazing.  There wasn't a single complaint (although I wouldn't complain about some Peshewari naan).  The chef was telling us all about his experience, and what he brought to the table (literally), and he was just so proud.  It was really awesome to have such an experience.  I will be back.  Oh I will.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2007,11/21/2007,152,351,7,3,3>You've seen them.  People with a 'look', whether it's 1940's Glamor or Egyptian Gothic Lolita. I tried once, something my dear queer friend called Pradagonia: was I coming from yogalates or on my way to drink kombucha with Yoko Ono?  But it failed. Unisex athletic-wear doesn't work on girls with Sir Mixalot measurements.What's that got to do with Lizard Lounge? Despite the unfortunate name (remember that guy in college? called himself Lizard, liked to wave his spotty thing around at parties? eck), this store won me over with the fun, different clothes (not the same stuff you see everywhere), the friendly, no-pressure staff, and the plethora of comfy chairs. Lizard Lounge makes me want to try for a 'look' again. Maybe post-revolution, bohemian librarian?
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,11/20/2007,32,83,3,4,2>WOW! If you haven't eaten here...WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!! I once took 5 different clients, 5 days in a row, to lunch here. They laugh when they see me come thru the door...My kids, boys ages 11 & 8, crave the food. Being Italian I equate good food with true love and baby, this place represents LOVE!! I have never been served a bad meal and I have tried everything more than once. The emphasis is on fresh local ingredients, frequently organic and the menu is always seasonal. The "Alfredo Sauce" is just pure butter, cheese nirvana and it is not sticky or gooey.  The homemade meatballs are simply perfect. Did I mention that everything is homemade? Well, it is. I am sure the owner, who I run into alot because of my addiction, is tired of me BEGGING him to open up a location in the Murrayhill area of Beaverton so that I don't have to drive so far to get my fix of Garlic Chili Oil Spaghetti.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2007,11/19/2007,189,360,2,3,4>I Love Lucy!No really, I do.  Clothes are sassy, functional, and very well-styled both for daily wear or your chosen sports activity.  Overall, Lucy's style is very simple and classic, with just enough flair to be unique.  However, you MUST become a lucy member (for free) to be eligible for the best coupons.  Without a sale or the excellent coupons, the clothes tend to be over-priced.This location of Lucy rocks: they have huge beautiful dressing rooms, they always offer a free bottle of water (in case your shopping has made you parched), and the salespeople will help in whatever way they can.I love their selection of running attire since it tends to be both cute and practical.  The technical fabrics wick and keep you dry and are cut to avoid rubbing.  They also offer a wonderful selection of yoga-wear: short pants, longer pants, and great tanks and tees.  My only criticism is that the pants tend to be cut too-high up on the waist (and I like everything to sit on my hips).
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2007,11/18/2007,31,124,1,4,3>While wandering around town one Sunday night I happened upon Typhoon. I recalled that it had been recommended on yelp so I dashed in, well walked in at a normal pace actually and demanded a table. Well demand is actually too strong a word and the bar probably does not count as a table but I had blast none the less.I highly recommend the Miang Kum appetizer - the description from their website:"Rare Thai peasant dish. Wrap a pinch of toasted coconut, shallot, ginger, lime, peanut, dried shrimp and Thai chili in a spinach leaf with Bo's signature sauce, then pop in your mouth to burst in a medley of flavors."The ingredients were so fresh and tasty. They had a nice Amber on tap that I have forgotten the name of and the bartender was chatty and friendly, nice since I was alone.Enjoy
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2007,11/17/2007,258,331,6,5,4>Remember Flo from Mel's Diner?  The one who scratched her noggin with a pencil because her bouffant was too shellacked to get her hand in there?  She works at the NIte Hawk now.  I've been there for breakfast and it's good diner food.  Well-priced.    if you wake up on the weekend and need breakfast immediately and don't want to stand in line at Milo's, Cadillac Cafe, or Tin Shed , It's a good bet. Small counter for reading the paper and frequent coffee refills.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,5/21/2014,236,543,7,15,11>Danner makes footwear. That's what we in Portland call shoes, boots, clogs, sandals, flipflops and probably some things that haven't been invented yet. But given that Portland is the footwear design capital of the world, they probably will be invented here. By the way, those shoes with toes - we did not invent those here, and they are sad.Danner has a large selection of their boot line on display and for sale here. They have the logger, work, hiking boots. The military boots - Danner is a major supplier. And some fashion boots. At regular price. And that price is well worth it for the selection, sizing and service!They also have seconds and sale items at extremely reasonable prices. I happened to find one such item at less than half price. And it was made in USA.Every staff member over several visits was extremely knowledgeable. "I need some waterproofing and reconditioning for my old boots. Which is better, mink oil or a beeswax product?" "You can't use animal-based reconditioner or sealants on GoreTex-lined boots, it will clog the pores. You can use a synthetic oil or a beeswax product." "Can this be resoled?" "We can't do that here now, because the stitches only go part way around. But they can be resoled and we will be trained here on how to do it here."They have a resoling, reconditioning and repairing facility right there, viewable through a glass partition. Not your average shoe store!The sales people adapt to your style and give you the time and space you need. I wouldn't shop at any place that did not. Ever. Don't rush thinking about how it is going to feel for your entire body weight to transfer mass through a fourth of the bones in your body, with associated ligaments, tendons and muscles, to the ground, over terrain, and movement, in critical to day-to-day situations, for years. But if you treat me the way I want to be treated, and give me the time to think about that, and similar questions in other shopping situations, I'll be back, for life, and I'll send my friends. While I was there, I was chatting with a fellow customer. He was buying some new boots that had to be comfortable standing: "During the snow storm I was on an 18 hour shift. I was on my feet the whole time. I need some comfortable boots that can hold up." So the pros buy here. And they get stuff done in these boots.This location is convenient for visitors to Portland from the airport who have a rental car or who could take a very short taxi ride. And if you are visiting, and in the market for Danner footwear, much of which is actually made in USA; and this spot has the most stock in the world.The store also has complimentary gift items like some Woolrich stadium blankets, Portland ceramic growlers, and their own miniature leathergami bulls made from small scraps. Wide selection of last-for-life boots, with a knowledgeable and helpful staff, and sometimes some serious bargains to be found. Did I say many of the boots here are Made in USA? That's A-OK!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,5/20/2014,538,208,7,16,9>This is a new favorite for me. We tried Nicholas for the first time last weekend and now feel so foolish for having lived here for a year and a half and NOT already trying it. We were quickly greeted, on a very busy packed night, and seated. Maybe one minute after sitting down, we were brought a magnificent, gargantuan pita bread and some absolutely delicious herbed dipping oil. I filled up mostly on this. Not that it stopped me from eating everything else we ordered. I ordered the veggie kebab. My partner (Claire) ordered the kibbeh (accidentally- she had intended on steven's beef but inadvertently blurted out kibbeh- don't ask). We also ordered a gyro, just to see if it might be something we couldn't live without. My veggie kebabs are my absolute new favorite aside from Toro Bravo's coppa steak and anything at Sweet Lemon. She found her kibbeh to be okay, but preferred my veggie kebabs as well. The gyro was not the shining star of this operation. Really, it was the kebabs and that gorgeous pita that shine. Even the bed of saffron rice that my kebab was served with was delicious and I am not a rice person. I had a hard time NOT eating every single bite on my plate. Next time, we'll just stick to kebabs and pita, because they're that amazing. The service was wonderful. Great attitudes, quick, prompt service. A refusal to let their customers leave anything less than satisfied. Good job Gresham- ya finally got one
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,5/19/2014,40,122,5,7,5>As long as I live in Portland, I will never go anywhere else again. I had my first appointment with Aja, used the $45 for $65 yelp deal, and I am sold for life. This sounds dramatic, but seriously, go here. And don't be deterred by the slightly confusing location... Enter the adorable yellow house, go up the stairs in the main entryway, then go down to the basement from there to L101.This was my first experience with sugaring, and I really don't know why anyone waxes. It was significantly less painful, and much quicker. This technique works on shorter hairs as well, so you don't have to wait until things grow out before retuning (good for my obsessive personality, bad for my wallet). Lastly, Aja was so sweet and comforting. I recently had a waxing appointment elsewhere where the stylist (waxist? grooming professional?) didn't even bother to introduce herself. Call me old fashioned, but I prefer to know each other's names before exposing everything to someone new. All in all, this was as close to enjoyable as a hair removal appointment could possibly get.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,5/18/2014,261,97,5,13,8>My boyfriend and I slipped by Killer Burger to give it a try only to be disappointed that it was packed- with children and beer mongering families. Nope! Not for this Unicorn worshipping queer boy couple. We decided to fire up trusty yelp and type in "burgers" near Sandy. Well to our delight a sassy burger joint appeared. OF COURSE we had to go there. We walked on over to be greeted by the nicest lady, I assume it was Robyn, who welcomed us genuinely and was more than happy to answer our questions. Her menu selections has something for everyone but we chose a classic Sassy cheeseburger. We got one order of fries to split between us. She asked us our names and then mentioned the cozy patio with a heater for us to wait in. She promised she would call our names out louder than something something(it was sassy in the good way). She did not disappoint by ringing the dinner bell with her voice. We ran over and she hoped we would love our burgers. They looked INCREDIBLE. The fries were hand cut too. Welp, we loved our burgers. Everything was well balanced. Fresh lettuce, good quality tomato, quality beef that wasn't overcook and delicious melty cheese. What more can you ask for? Our fries were hot and crisp. Ketchup did it's job. Altogether this was a satisfying meal, that wasn't overly seasoned or salty and tasted great with each bite. Also the service- it truly helps to be served by someone who puts love into their food and cares about how you experience it.My burger loving friends, please pay her burger cart  a visit. You'll not only be satisfied, but you'll be delighted by her charm. Hurray for a great burger cart!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,5/17/2014,170,140,7,8,5>These guys are the awesome. I had a several-part move from Richmond, VA to Portland, OR. I had two containers--the 2 Brothers weren't available for the first container that arrived, and so I had two helpful but personality-free dudes unload that small container. I was glad I'd already booked 2 Brothers for the bigger container coming later that week. The owner (Adam) and I communicated Facebook, and I could tell from our interactions and the 2 Brothers website that these folks had some personality. It's not a requirement for movers, but my gawd, it sure helps.So, moving day came. And...so did a crapload of snow and ice. I already feel naturally guilty that I'm paying people to work while I sit on my ass. And now I'm going to have them do it in the snow and icy rain? Fortunately, Stacy from the 2 Brothers office called and asked if they could postpone. Obviously, I wanted my stuff, but I also didn't want anyone getting pneumonia or slipping. Heck, I appreciate that she ASKED if I'd mind re-scheduling. I never went without contact from the office--they confirmed before the move day, they called to re-schedule before the movers were supposed to be there, and when the movers at last arrived on Monday (when the street wasn't yet clear!) they called a half hour ahead of time. I was so thrilled! And then Zac and Sean arrived. Please note that I know everyone's names. It's not because I wrote them down. I have no idea if the names are on the paperwork. It's just that I knew them--the people. These weren't just anonymous movers.Anyhow, the guys came in, got a tour, sized up the situation, and got to work. They were pleasant throughout the whole experience, and they didn't just abandon stuff wherever they wanted. As they came in, we figured out approximately where it would go, and they helped me keep it as organized as I wanted (admittedly, I stopped caring much myself at one point, but this was not their fault). Sean walked into the kitchen with a big box at one point and tells me, "It says CRAFTS and SANDWICH BAGS, so I'm not sure what to do here." I laughed and agreed that the kitchen was the way to go.Zac was cracking me up the whole time. If I can load up my pics, you'll see that he's a ham. Anyway, near the end, they bring in this big rack for the kitchen, and I say, "You can put that right in front of the window." And Zac said, "Stop telling me what to do, Tara!" It was SO funny. You have to know Zac to know it's funny, I suppose, but trust me, it was. Later, he said the same thing to Sean. And then he called Sean his little princess. I said I was putting that on Facebook. Sean just mumbled "No wonder I'm single." Moving sucks. If you can have a couple guys laughing with you (while they're carrying all your crap up a flight of stairs), then it just makes it so much better.After, I took them to lunch at Killer Burger, which is around the corner from me. I thought they might want to take it to go, but they happily sat down with me. A lot of movers and/or people would want to get away from their customer (and not just because she made them lift heavy things), but these guys seemed genuinely interested in sitting down with me, chatting, and enjoying a meal together. I would NEVER have wanted to have lunch with the personality-free movers who didn't even introduce themselves during my first container move-in, but I was so happy to meet Sean and Zac. They were great guys, helpful movers, and they were so conscientious. I had some crap movers in Richmond, and they didn't seem to care about damaging some of my wood pieces. Sean took a picture of one unit while he was in the container to show me what had been done to it. In part, he wanted me to know they hadn't damaged it, but I also just appreciated knowing the facts about what the hell happened to that unit.At one point, Sean mumbled, "Never move again." And I hope I'm happy here for many years. And that I can downsize my stuff a bit. But if I do move, I would make sure 2 Brothers was available. Though I might ask Adam if he could let Zac wear his septum and gauge piercings. Zac is just adorable, and his personality is sure to win over anyone who thinks such things are weird. This is Portland. Beards, piercing, tattoos, and other stuff is totally chill here. Or, it should be.Also, don't forget to tip your movers. They're paid, and not everyone tips them, but my gawd. They carry your stuff up stairs. Sean and Zac got a 16-shelf bookcase up my narrow stairway through the magic of physics. My wardrobe required them to rest. I didn't think it was gonna get in here. And they did it. It took some serious effort, and they did it. It's the miracle-working and attention to detail, plus their actual personalities that should earn them tips. And burgers. Be good to your movers. They deserve it. Thanks, Adam, Stacy, Sean, and Zac! I'll try not to move again (for a good long while, at least)!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,5/16/2014,18,191,4,8,4>This place is kinda strangely amazing. It's like drinking in someones personal library. They had an awesome Godzilla movie on, the sinks were old school, outside of the bathroom variety (which is pretty efficient in bars actually), and its tucked away in an alley. The lighting is dim, there are games to play, and though I doubt the books are anything noteworthy, I bet you could read them out loud at your table and amuse people. I certainly didn't do that though. I had a lady bartender so I can't speak to the complaints about the guy version. She was awesome, and fast. The beer selection is nice, in house and guest. There are probably...15 on tap including a couple ciders. I'm not a daily pub person, but if I lived closer I would turn into one. For some reason, this place really appeals to me. Its not super nice, its not super divey, its not all trendy, it's just comfortable. There are very few, if any, nautical elements in the bar that I noticed. I don't know if that matters to you.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/15/2014,162,229,15,9,6>WARNING: DO NOT EAT HERE. I REPEAT, DO NOT EAT HERE.Why, you ask? Well because I would love to just be able to walk into this place every day, plop down, and be fed the best brunch in Portland. Unfortunately, everyone else has the same hopes and dreams for brunch as I do, and left me with a 35 minute wait (they predicted an hour, so I'm still happy).I have to say Tin Shed is, hands down, one of the best brunches I think I've had in a long time. I had the Everything Naughty with both kinds of gravy and floppy bacon, and it was PERFECT. Perfect, I say! The potato cakes perfectly crispy, dolloped with sour cream, bacon cooked just right, biscuits and gravy that just melt in your mouth, and eggs made so well that they just slide down your throat. The staff was friendly and awesome. I've been to most of these other 4 star brunch places, and this place blows them out of the water!So I repeat, DO NOT EAT HERE. MAKE MORE ROOM FOR ME.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,5/14/2014,89,143,8,11,8>It's like I'm 10 again! But drunk! And with way more money to spend on games! Which by the way is a great combination for anyone who happens to be short on cash and scavenging the floors because I'm fairly certain I dropped at least $1.50 in quarters fumbling around in the dark with a fistful of coins...This place really brings me back to the good ol' days. Many of my childhood favorites are here like TMNT, X-Men, Rampage, Soul Caliber, Mortal Kombat. More classic games like Donkey Kong, Pac Man and Tron are scattered around as well while upstairs you'll find a wide array of pinball machines (Indiana Jones, Simpsons, Dr. Who, Star Trek, etc).The drink situation is a tad slow, at least when I was there. But service is courteous and they still got the job done. I was also a big fan of the music and impressed that they had their own DJ.I just wish they had an air hockey table.. it just seems like a natural fit in this place, but maybe they're a bit tight on space. Regardless, Ground Kontrol definitely deserves another visit soon.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,5/13/2014,395,537,9,15,12>I'm new to Portland, so the idea of a movie theater that's $4 to see a movie AND that you can drink beer or wine in blows my mind. Just BLOWS my MIND!!! In NYC, you'd be lucky to walk out of a movie without spending $40 per person, and there's NO BEER.Of course, these aren't luxury seats or the biggest screens you've ever seen. But who cares? It's 4 bucks and - beer! Did I mention the beer?...We came on a Friday night to see Thor 2. (Which was a decent movie. I liked it because I love & adore Zachary Levi, and am the only girl that prefers Fandral over Thor.) The sound quality of Thor was great. I do wish that the seating was more stadium style. If a tall person sits in front of you, you're screwed. DO NOT see movies with subtitles in them here. There were a few subtitles during Thor and we couldn't read them at all because you really can't see the bottom of the screen.Before you go into your movie, you can sit at one of the tables and enjoy some food or some drinks. There's only a few tables though, and they get taken up pretty fast. The food is simple and includes pizza, wraps and salads. I had some wine here and we got a pitcher of Rainier for $6.75. Awesome. You can bring your food and drinks in with you because every seat has a table in front of it. They have lots of typical candy and popcorn, and even some baked goods from local places. I got the local Chuck's Caramel Corn which was delicious. There's very small bathrooms and be prepared to wait in line a loooong time for the ladies' room after a movie. Sign up for their Mailing List to stay in the loop!
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,5/12/2014,219,427,16,14,11>I decided I should start dedicating my milestone reviews to places that have contributed to my fatness and make my food baby kick when we are in close proximity. Waffle Window definitely meets those criteria. I try to stay away from their Hawthorne location, but then they started hunting me down at beer festivals of all places! No joke! My defenses were low and before I know it, I have a beer in one hand and I'm shoveling waffle-y goodness in my my mouth faster than a professional eater. And to make matters worse, it's cheap. Like $5 cheap. Who can say no to cheap and delicious waffles? Not me, not ever. Their waffles are perfectly crisp and they use fresh, flavorful ingredients to pile on top. They definitely don't skimp on toppings which makes them even more awesome/evil.  Some of my favorites include the bacon, cheddar and jalapeño as well as the Three B's, bacon, brie and basil. Their bacon is fantastic. Let's take a moment to pause and celebrate their bacon shall we? And.... Moving on! I support Bryan I's idea to order a sweet and savory waffle. I had a phenomenal one with berries and cream once and another time a delicious marriage of pulled pork and blackberry sauce, one of their seasonal concoctions. If it's warm you can even enjoy your waffle(s) in their outdoor seating area.  Bring some patience as the line and the wait can take awhile, but before you know it, you'll be on your way to growing your very own food baby too.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,8/19/2008,8,22,5,7,9>It was a Monday, and I needed cupcakes for a birthday picnic .. and FAST!The Sugar Cube couldn't have been more perfect. I got a couple of Guinness cupcakes, some Amy Winehouses, and a caramel/chocolate one. They were ALL moist, creative, and amazing! She even wrote "happy birthday" on the cute box.Thanks for saving the day and making it the best picnic ever, Sugar Cube!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,8/18/2008,14,28,6,6,6>I'll admit, I have some weird habits and practices. I love my weekend breakfasts, but I also have a serious sweet tooth. I try to create balance by having a healthier/proteiny breakfast one day and some sugary/carby goodness on the other. I keep vowing to order a scramble at Zell's, but those griddle options always call to my vice:  gingerbread waffles with pear glacé, swedish crepes with fresh strawberries and whipped cream, and pancakes topped with raspberries, marionberries and powdered sugar...I just can't resist!Every great Zell's experience starts at the sidewalk, where you're sure to wait but at least there's a warm pot of coffee to keep you company. Once seated, you're presented with two fresh-from-the oven mini scones. Because I'm a hermit, I go to breakfast with a book. On my last visit, my food was out before I had finished two pages...I'm not a speed reader, but that's pretty dang fast. And then that fruit, I have never found anything so fresh and tasteful in any grocery store. Zell's ties it all together with a full bar, quenching your thirst with whatever beverage you're craving be it alcoholic, caffeinated, or both (or neither, I suppose).Sigh...if I were a restaurant, I would propose marriage to Zell's.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,8/17/2008,19,66,4,3,5>I feel like I'm in my own backyard here, surrounded by friendly, happy strangers.  I can just drink and drink and drink and my worries melt along with my brain cells.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2008,8/16/2008,80,39,5,6,3>Game recognize game.  I'd put it in my top 5 meals.  Maybe best meal in PDX so far...  Anyone want to step to that?  Bring it.  Whatevs, put your jewels up.Love the name, love the decor, love the open kitchen, love the straight up, no bullshit approach to goodness.Each course had it's flourishes, none disappointed.  Wine pairings were spot on, though none were truly transcendent (nothing to be ashamed of given the prices were not bad at all...)I'm gonna bring my hardcore food headz from NYC, SF etc and see if they front on the BEAST.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,8/15/2008,55,144,3,3,4>Thanks to some great reviews from talented writers, my boyfriend and I went to Noble Rot tonight. We walked in and loved the place right off the bat- cozy booths, romantically hip lighting, muted jewel-y earth tones... perfect. The server was cool and collected, but not so much that it was intimidating to ask multiple menu/wine questions. We each had a wine flight (Southern Reds for me, Oregon Pinot for him) and liked all of our selections. We shared a few small plates- cheese plate, onion tart, and a vegetarian entree with goat cheese, morels, and asparagus. YUM YUM YUM. The cheeses were all tasty and new experiences and the asparagus/morel plate was just fantastic, I would recommend it highly. We ordered the onion tart based on its raves here, but I have to say, it was the least favorite of our dishes. Just a little heavy, but good flavor. Our bill was $47 pre-tip, fairly affordable for the quality of food in my opinion. They have four wine choices for $5, and enough $6-9 glasses that you don't feel like a miser ordering a wine from the less expensive end of the list. Sharing plates are plentiful but all of the entrees sounded tasty as well, including a rabbit special that night which almost tempted me away from our homemade-happy-hour plan. You could have a panini for $8 or go up to a seafood/steak dish for around $20, with plenty of options in between. My one lacking star is probably due to the crowd and vibe- almost a little too low-key with the douche bag foodie in the booth behind ours showing off to both the waiter and his date the whole time. Not the restaurant's fault, but a little lift in the music volume would have made the environment more enjoyable and drowned out the sommelier wannabe. That aside, if you are looking for a casually upscale, totally pretentiousless (that should be a word) wine-focused restaurant, get to Noble Rot! No excuses.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,8/14/2008,25,33,12,9,12>Far too often, Classy is accompanied by its obnoxious friend Stuffy.  Sometimes Pretentious tags along, which pretty much kills the evening.  Not true at the North 45.  Classy hangs out here, and Pretentious and Stuffy are forced to strut off to another establishment and ruin someone else's good time.Screwdrivers made with fresh squeezed orange juice, minty-julepy-goodness, and the mussels.  Oh.my.god.  Little bites of shellfish heaven.    Go here.  And I say that in a totally non-bossy tone.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2008,8/13/2008,141,355,15,14,15>Did you know that one of the top manufacturers and distributors of pom-poms is located in Portland's own Central Eastside? No joke.  I wish I had a pair... I would do a little cheer for Bakery Bar. Tucked away in the last "indy" part of Portland (and to call it industrial is almost becoming a stretch) this is a great spot to meet up for a coffee and something sweet.  To say it was chill would be an understatement.  From the mellow staff, the no frills menu, and the tunes that are of the right stuff to either nod your head to or ignore, this place earned my love from the first moment.  I only had a latte, but it was just the way I like it, plus a purdy little leaf in the foam.  I'd swing by here again to pick up some treats to take on my way home.   Gimme a R! Gimme a R! Gimme a B! Gimme a B!  What's that's spell?  Rah Rah Bakery Bar!!!
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2008,8/12/2008,83,135,14,13,11>When was the last time you went out with Andrew Jackson in your pocket and figured you'd be able to guzzle a trio of martini's AND order a pair of appetizers?  Including tip?That's exactly what me and a friend did on a random Weds night at Bartini Happy Hour...Highlights!Outdoor seating: yeah there was plenty of people watching to be had (location, location, location).  And we were able to grab a table for 2 without waiting.  Thank you seating karma gods  (side note - I ALSO got a good parking space!  Nice!)Polenta: get it - the mushrooms marinade/sauce that covers it is a nice compliment to warm cornmeal.  Tiramisu Martini - ok, this was my third, so maybe my taste buds were not all perfectly firing, but this DID taste like the dessert it is named for, and is almost as thick.Low-lights!Second Tiramisu martini was awful, WAY too much espresso, and signaled the end of our evening.  Sigh.  Gotta call it a night at 3?The tuna tartar/sashimi was so small I laughed when it came out on the HUGE WHITE PLATE.  It was like a smurf had climbed onto the table and cut up single 'normal' sized piece of tuna into three micro-sized pieces.  Are they trying to tell me to eat less?  do I look fat in these pants?!  Heh.All in all a good experience, and oh so easy on the wallet
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2008,8/11/2008,35,130,14,16,13>I will be coming back for the DEEP FRIED OLIVES stuffed with CHEESE. Sorry, the excitement of three of my favorite things being combined into one caused me to shout a little.I will be coming back for the $3 glasses of house red. Kept the shouting barely under control this time.I will be coming back for the ability to get a patio seat on a beautiful Portland summer evening with zero wait time. I will let out a little WOOHOO! for this one.I will be coming back because this place is like a 4-block stumble home.I will be coming back because of the outdoor fire pit. Toasty!The atmosphere is a little weird here. You won't feel like you're on Alberta Street. It's all a little too industrial and clean and uncrowded and unfinished. The wait staff were constantly stopping by on my two visits - take that as a plus or a minus. However, the eats and drinks aren't overpriced, you won't have to wait for a table, and did I mention the olives?
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2008,8/9/2008,47,37,7,12,10>Let me tell you story about why this place is 5 stars.I really, really want to like fish.  It's healthy for you, right?  And it's all over the place - things would be so much easier if I could order roasted halibut at a fancy restaurant or fried "fish" fillet at DQ, rather than having to resort to vegetarian options ALL the time.  So when I told the waitress that fish sauce was okay in my Larb/Laab tofu dish, I was really looking forward to enjoying the taste.  It was not okay at all.  The cool and spicy citrus and cilantro flavor of the Larb tofu was completely overrun with this Courtney Love legs-spread taste of fish.  I ate as much as I could, but by the time my boyfriend was done with his Masaman curry, I had only accomplished a few small bites.  Normally, at this point, I would have asked for a box, as to not be impolite to the waitress and cooks if they were to see I had barely touched my food.  I couldn't do it, because I couldn't stand the fish smell anymore.  I couldn't take it home, I couldn't look at it, nuffin'.Well the waitress did notice I wasn't touching my food, and I explained that I probably should have said no to the fish sauce, that I thought I would like it and I didn't.  I tried to assure her it was no big deal, that it was my fault for telling her fish sauce was ok, but she wasn't having any of it.  She actually went and got one of the managers to come over to my table.  I explained everything to her, that the waitress had asked me if fish sauce was okay and I had said yes, and that it was no big deal.  She wasn't having any of it, either.  She said I could have ANYTHING I WANTfor FREE.All because I don't like fish sauce.So how about that?  I could have had a whole other dinner, but my boyfriend was sitting there patiently through the whole debacle, so I just asked for some dessert (mango and sticky rice) and we were on our way.  The food itself gets FOUR STARS - you get large portions for a moderate price, and the quality is outstanding - but this place gets FIVE STARS from me because of its exemplary customer service and friendly staff.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2008,10/17/2008,48,122,5,6,5>Somebody cares at this place.  It is a new restaurant and they are clearly trying to think of everything to give the diner a fun and nice experience.As the other reviewer points out it is in a strip mall by the Hall Street Grill, just down from the Cedar Hills Crossing New Seasons.  With that location you'd think it would be a pretty small place, but holy schmoly, this place is really big inside.  It could seat 200 easy.  Lots of booths and individual tables, all brand new and shiny.  Nice easy going decorating.  A KIds Play Area that you can sit right next to (I have three sons 6 and younger... play area good).  A wide variety on the menu of chicken, pork and some beef.Great variety on price points too, you can spend 17 bucks for a rack of ribs plus a side of pork and stuff, or just have a piled high pork sandwich for 8 bucks.  They make their own sauces in  house and every table has three containers on it with sweet, mild, and hot in 'em.  My wife and I had the "feast for two"... woof, more like feast for four, we took food home (and I can eat like a champ, people).  FREE kids meal for the 4 and under set - but if your kids are like mine they won't eat it, because it is a BBQ'd chicken leg (still on the bone) and french fries.  My kids are not used to chicken actually being ON the bone and after much cajoling, stll wouldn't nibble at it.  Wait staff is nice and attentive.  They take your order on palm pilot and then when it is time to pay they swipe your CC through the same device right there and they all have little printers in their back pockets!Food had a nice smoky flavor, but I found some of the thin sliced stuff to be pretty dry needing extra sauce.  Ribs and chicken I give an 8 out of 10 which isn't too bad right?  They clearly care about their place and trying to show you a good time - so let them won't you?
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2008,10/16/2008,9,126,7,16,13>My husband LOVES lingerie.  I've received several, I assume rather expensive, lingerie ensembles in the time we've been together but have never been that into it.  But then I went here to pick up some unmentionables for my first wedding anniversary and my previous feelings about lingerie changed.  Their selection is beautiful, unique and the staff is so incredibly helpful.Since it's not often I purchase such items, I'm a bit in the dark on sizing and what will work/look good.  The woman working that day was so incredibly helpful.  She did a good job of listening to what I had in mind, was clear on how things should be sized and didn't make me feel the least bit uncomfortable as I stood in front of her in said unmentionables.  Not only that, but as I came out into the store from the dressing room, she provided me a luxurious silk robe to wear while I was looking for more items to try on.In the end, I walked out with a gorgeous concoction that even I love.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,10/15/2008,532,371,5,6,8>In my mind I equate Roma (aka Rome) with madness. Nero and Caligula aside, I don't mean insanity, just a haphazard chaotic frenetic craziness (that in short stints is rather endearing). **Wasn't HBO's Rome awesome?...had to slip it in somewhere**After three glorious days grazing the coastal towns of Cinque Terre (static.px.yelp.com/photo) we arrived at Termini (Roma's central train station). Refreshed and tranquil we suddenly went from Mount Tabor at sunset to the Portland Saturday Market on the nicest day of the year with vendors giving out free food and beer. Cars. People. Tourists. Buses. Everywhere. I guess I've so far failed to mention it was the weekend of Pope Benedict XVI's inaugural mass (which we, and 645,000 other people attended). The following Monday was a true "Roman Holiday", where major roads closed to automobile traffic and hordes of pedestrians took to the streets. Conversely Ristorante Roma, is actually quite peaceful. Size and setup wise not so different then what you'd find on a side street near Campo Di Fiore.  The cuisine, as it should be simple, subtly flavored, straight forward, delicious.  The Pappardelle Funghi e Salsiccia with it's perfect homemade pasta, savory shrooms and sausage is a dish worth returning for. The Fettucine ai Frutti di Mare (seafood) and the Branzino ai Frutti Mare (seabass) not so much. Dessert catalyzed the aforementioned memory flood. I had a Ratatouille-type moment as I bit into the Tartufo. The world blurred and there I was sitting at Tre Scalini, amidst the bustle of Piazza Navona, eating their signature handmade rolled gelato dessert. The Tiramisu also warrants a taste (or more), oxymoronically light and rich at the same time, the second best I've had outside of Italy. I like this place. Under the radar, authentic, small, affordable. But I could like it more, before I up it's rating I'd like to see more warmth and passion both in the service and the cooking. Right now it's more everyday affordable lunch then special night out. Then again maybe that's exactly what it wants. So at the moment three stars (with a fourth for fond memory triggering dessert), and a re-evaluation to come. You know, crossing the street in Rome had a real Froggerish feel (though slightly more dangerous I suppose). Oh, and as always some pics:  yelp.com/biz_photos/8kCf
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,10/13/2008,84,137,6,8,8>Best Gyro in Portland.  Full flavored, the parsley is nice, the feta is good.  But the lamb souvlaki is amazing.  Wow.  You get a mix of tender morsels and rich crispy chunks, the texture alone brings a lot more with it than any gyro I've seen.That's all I've had there.  I wanted to try the chicken today, but it threw them off that I ordered a lamb and a chicken, so they gave me two lambs.  Life goes on.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,10/12/2008,46,48,7,11,9>Throw away that unwritten rule you have in your brain... you know, the one where you leave a seat empty between you and that stranger. Fuller's is a pretty intimate breakfast joint, and if you're not into that kind of thing, try showing up in the earliest of its opening hours. And if you can't make it in the earliest of hours, and don't feel like talking to people, the waitresses have complimentary newspapers which get passed around the counters-- just nab a section when you get the chance or bring a book or something. But honestly everytime I get sucked into a conversation their patrons are so nice I really don't mind... might have to do with the food, that seems to cheer people up.They don't take cards, and there is an ATM with a service fee, but really there's so many banks within walking distance you can easily avoid it (Key Bank, Washington Mutual, Wells Fargo, and US Bank-- just Google map 'em). There's also no parking, but it's in the fareless square so you can take either the bus or the streetcar that runs a block west from it.I'm over six feet tall and have quite an appetite, but their pancakes really stick with you, well into the afternoon, and they're only SEVEN bucks! That's the price of a not-so-filling footlong sub combo at Subway! They  also do take-out, so call in ahead if you're in a hurry.And if the line is stretching out the door, try Joe's Cellar up on 21st and Overton-- yes, that's quite a walk, but it's a mere 10 minute ride on the streetcar. They have nearly the same menu and exactly the same prices.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2008,10/11/2008,13,15,10,12,9>This just might be THE hidden eatery of Portland.  I'm serious.  That is, if you like eating food in New Orleans.  And I dare you to prove me wrong.  Best creole/cajun food in town.  That means Roux.  That means the late Laginappe.  That means Acadia.  That means any other attempt at cajun/creole in Portland.  Harsh?  nah.  True.Upon entering the restaurant, I was greeted by the owners, Bruce and Norma herself.  Bruce said, "Are you a first timer?  Let me mess you up.  You want to get messed up?  Let me mess you up....you know gumbo?  you know roux?  you know pulled pork?"  And with that presented me with a sample of both pulled pork and gumbo.  To say I love southern hospitality is an understatement.  Bruce probably scored a lifetime customer with that greeting alone.  I definitely don't know the professional way to describe creole/cajun cooking or any cuisine in general, but I do know words like delicious, holy shit, unbelievable, and similar adjectives.  And I've definitely been to N.O. and tasted some of the best flavors I've ever experienced in my life...thrice (awesome word, and true).  This place is the closest second I've ever tasted, if not the FIRST.  Yes, I said it.  The pulled pork was flat out crack.  A personal cliche, but I insist it has nothing but the best connotation.  I don't know what they did to that succulent meat, but I suspect that awesome smoker out front had something to do with it.  My first thought after tasting it was: "guess I'll be back every week from here to nevermore."  Then I tried the gumbo.  Oh the gumbo....mmm, the gumbo.  What?  Oh.  I'm drooling all over my asdf jkl; right now just thinking about it, and I didn't even have it for dinner.  I just kept thinking about that damn sample I got.  Of course I went with the pulled pork because I have an affinity for crack-like substances.  I mean...it was probably some of the best pulled pork I've ever had, but I kept thinking about that sample of gumbo.  Roux.  Delicious, thick, meaty roux.  Let's just say I think Bobby Flay might have a new throw down target.  I also had some jalapeno cornbread.  I'll admit my first emotion was disappointment.  Disappointment in myself for not knowing about this place sooner.  The cornbread has that awesome moist texture, with just the right amount of salty sweetness, and jalapeno kick that you have been searching for all over Portland.  Sorry to all the other cornbread serving restaurants in Portland, but you have some catching up to do.Side note: what's with no Portland restaurants other than Norma's Kitchen, knowing how to do good corn bread?  I'm literally going to be angry, and probably a little disturbed the next time I get that dry, flavorless, extra crumbly cornbread from all the other trendy or expensive spots around town that serve it.One potential drawback for some is Norma's relatively short, bordering on takeout style menu.  I personally will not hold that against them in any way.  That probably just means they have honed their skills in specific areas.  Because, trust me, if the flavors were any indication, Bruce and Norma's skills are definitely honed.  Plus, if you're like me, you actually prefer creole food served on paper plates.  Authentic, nahmean? They do specials every day, so I'm assuming there's only more delicious food to try.  I asked if they ever did a crawfish boil.  They said only while in season, which in itself is a good sign, but they also do a big crawfish blow out on the fourth of july, which is a US holiday from what I understand.  Something to do with the notion of freedom.  So...see you there on the fourth, 2009...2010...011.  And also probably every week in between.Then there's the little things:  The creole money clip...the view of the harbor...the fishing rods holding bird feeders, the Audubon handbooks of Portland birds...the place has nothing but that comfortable, welcoming feel.  I mean, I think I identified six different species of chickadees in the hour I spent there.  Also, they have A/C.  I know because it was 104 degrees yesterday, and I almost shriveled into a raisin.  Man.  I'm already nostalgic.  Actually, I'm starting to miss the place right now in the same way I missed my mom's cooking my freshman year in school.  In fact, I'm sobbing uncontrollably.To sum, Don't expect anything fancy.  Just expect mouth watering creole and cajun food, in a super friendly atmosphere, with a beautiful view, in the most unexpected of locations.  And definitely expect to get messed up.  Check out their website!  Duke G: Thanks for the heads up.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,10/10/2008,148,236,11,8,10>Where I'm from, the phrase "vegetarian sausage gravy" could earn you a vicious ass-kicking.  Seriously.This is the worry that dogged me when I perused Jam's awesome menu and kept looking at the Ty, a couple of english muffins with veggie sausage, a couple of eggs, all topped with the aforementioned vegetarian sausage gravy.  Our seat was near the kitchen, and I kept watching the Ty make its way out to other patrons, so I gave in.  Wow. If I were a pig, I'd be pissed that soybeans tasted so much better than me.  My partner in crime had the Uptown Scramble (eggs, feta, spinach, etc.), and her keyword was "fresh".  The Stumptown coffee was great, the art is cool, and I've never been to a place where the kitchen looked so inviting.It's Portland, so we waited a half an hour outside, but the weather was perfect, so we just made some new friends, one of whom was from my home state of Indiana.  I don't think she saw me enjoying my vegetarian sausage gravy, so I'm pretty sure I'm safe.We will definitely be back to Jam.  Those blueberry chai pancakes and the corned beef hash must be conquered.  When the time comes, I'll be ready.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,10/8/2008,80,131,3,6,6>Best green tea, miso soup, rare beef salad, and homemade pork gyoza!!!For reference, I am Asian and grew up a slave to my mother's sushi cravings.  While the sushi here can be lukewarm, it is fresh and well-cut.  Share the chef's choice platter with friends.-Definitely the best Japanese food I've tried in the Northwest-VERY reasonable prices-Great service-A little out of the way for East-siders and, charmingly, a bit hard to find
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,10/7/2008,38,82,11,13,10>I'm from Southern California.  I have toured all the taquerias in town looking for a place that will do it So-Cal style perfectly - I'm not joking.  If you want to order a burrito the So-CaL way, you come here.  NOT TO THE NORTHEAST LOCATION - Only to the Sellwood location.My order:"One carne asada burrito, with only carne asada, salsa fresca, and guacamole.  Can I have it just as big as the normal ones, I'll pay extra.  Thanks!"The response:"Ok!"Never fails.That means, no beans, no rice, no cheese, none of that.  This is the Southern Californian way.  Anything else is tex-mex, and I don't do tex-mex (generally).This burrito is about 85% of what I would expect in San Diego.  The meat is stuffed in and mixed with guacamole and salsa.  The juiciness is top-notch.  It soaks the bottom of the tortilla and offers only slight drippage.  The flavor is moderately spicy and not overwhelming.  The tortilla is wrapped in a cylinder not a square (requirement for handling it).  Biting into the burrito will yield, not an explosion, but an assortment of each flavor the wrap has to offer.  Guacamole, salsa, carne-asada, and juices all combine into a massive and perfect experience.  I've been here about 9-10 times JUST for this burrito.  I'm rarely disappointed and almost always pleased.*edit*I should also note that you can find a tray of spicy carrots (available at all so-cal taquerias) up at the counter.  I doubt you'll find many in there, because I've probably already dug them out and eaten them.  Too bad for you.  :-)
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2008,10/5/2008,53,263,10,13,11>this morning i woke up & thought, "I really need to get in touch with my inner francophile."  poor Etienne, he's been a bit neglected what with all the fusion cuisine & end of summer excursions.  needless to say, mon cher & i have mended our fences and he's feeling the love.this charming little gem is easily missed if you blink while strolling down the hawth.  just like a scene from Alice in Wonderland, the store front doesn't even remotely reflect the interior.  what promises to be a tiny door mouse restaurant just keeps on expanding into cozy nook after cranny.  there's even a little secret patio inside with heaters for those who want to experience outdoor eating in february without the obligatory post-meal warming blanket.  eating outside in front at the single table is a people watching pageant and if you're a cute fuzzy dog, the feeling is mutual. now as for the food?  yum!  Le Bechamel: ham, sauteed mushrooms, scallions, emmenthal and a fresh, light bechamel.  i'm having drooling flashbacks, how 'bout that?  the crepe was strangely crispy but still good--perhaps to stave off sogginess from the sauce?  and for the best poached pear salad with chevre & candied pecans i've ever had in my life?  je t'aime mon petit chou avec tout mon coeur et je te respecterai le matin.  vraiment.i'm at a loss at how to describe the hot chocolate.  imagine a liquid bittersweet truffle topped with a whisper of froth as it slides down your throat on a brisk day, the aromatic steam tickling your nostrils as you tilt the cup.  oh yeah, Etienne & i are back on good terms.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,10/27/2008,126,304,9,9,11>All hail the Baryshnikov of Spanish Coffee! My friend who was showing me around Portland was the one that noticed Alex Perez at the bar. He is said to be the person that started the Spanish Coffee show at Huber's. We asked the waitress if Alex had since started his own bar. She was actually really rude & made my friend feel stupid & said she had no idea who Alex was. In fact, the only time she smiled was when she handed back his credit card (for the tip). Anyways, my friend went to say hi to Alex & Alex came over to introduce himself to me & laughed that the waitress didn't know him since his picture was all over the restaurant. He was so cool & treated us like his new hangout buddies. He was telling us how some creepy guy was hitting on his wife at the bar. In terms of food & drink... Any show that involves fire, is pretty much awesome already. The fact that the Spanish coffee guy was funny & put up with my random millions of questions (it was the previous 3 bars, I tell you) is even more awesome. The coffee sure has some kick, but it's pure creamy deliciousness and the caramelized sugar rim helps. We got the spinach artichoke dip & turkey quesadilla at happy hour prices on a Saturday. No complaints there! It sure is a mesmerizing way to be intro-ed to Bacardi 151!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2008,10/26/2008,35,130,13,10,11>My inner monologue at the Farm Cafe usually goes something like this:THIS is absolutely the most delicious tomato I've ever eaten.No, wait, THIS is the most delicious bowl of mixed nuts I've ever snacked upon.Hold on, this is TOFU? Why is it so very delicious?The grandpa part of me is pleased that it's difficult to spend over $18 or so per entree for, what in my opinion, is some of the best food in Portland. Expect an hour plus wait whenever you show up.The gal on date night part of me is pleased with the coziness and wine specials and the mood lighting.The pescatarian part of me is pleased that I can order any darn thing I want on the menu.So why the four stars, Wendy? This sounds like a five-star place.Nitpicks from last visit:*Charming Boy Companion and I were told a 30 - 45 minute wait for a table (which is a SCORE at the Farm). We ended up waiting at least twice that long, and no one ever thought to check in with us about it.*Waitress was Wall of Silence. She removed my empty wine glass without asking me if I'd like another (I did). She took away my half-eaten dinner without asking me if I wanted it boxed (I did). She silently kept lighting the little candle on the table, even though I kept blowing it out (as it was roughly 90 degrees inside the place). Silent Waitress and I were having some serious Communication Issues!*Finally, It's August. Why was something called Spring Vegetable Nest on their menu? (However, it was delicious!)
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,10/25/2008,19,16,14,15,15>It was a dark and stormy night.  The pizza delivery places were closed.  We felt alone.  We felt desperate.  We felt hungry.Then, a light in the darkness!Lo! What late-night pizzeria has trusty Google revealed?  An enigmatic little gem called "Eat Pizza."It was the best pizza ever.Now, Eat Pizza is not a gourmet pizza place.  It is good, solid pizza, but there is "better" pizza out there.  What makes Eat Pizza awesome is how the business is run: the fact that they and only they were open on that dark night some many nights ago, the fact that their website is EatPizzaPortland dot com,  that fact  the last four digits of their phone number spell FOOD, and the fact that every time we order a pizza the next week we get a postcard in the mail with an offer for free garlic knots or hot sticks.  Often the note is signed by the owners.It's not advertising--it's a service.  When we're sitting around asking the eternal question--what should we eat for dinner tonight?--that little postcard will pop into our field of vision and the answer will become instantly clear.  Then we are left with more brain cells to devote to other decisions, like what kind of beer to buy, and more time to devote to important things, like surfing the net for the news and....lolcats.Eat Pizza.  Just do it.  EAT PIZZA!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2008,10/24/2008,376,599,28,28,24>Girls! Girls! Girls! Woohoo! I was trying to pun on the name of the bar. The best I can do is Tank Girl. But Tank Girl was way fun and blessed us with the line, "It's really hard for me to play with myself in this thing" so there you go. See, I walked in and thought that the space-time continuum had transported me to a lesbian bar in the Mission circa 2004. But it's a polite lesbian bar. With Wii! That's when I realized there was no sci-fi explanation, just a neato dark watering hole all a-poppin with girlies.There are packs enough of ladies and a few gents to squeeze into bathtubs on Wednesdays. That's because the Tanker serves up Project Runway on the TV screens, passes out bowls of wonderfully salty popcorn for free, and keeps the Stollis flowing as you ooh and blah the outfits parading down the catwalk. A whole bar under the silver fox spell of Tim Gunn? Hallelujah, I have found my choir, at least until the Fashion Week shows. It's the antithesis of a bunch of dudes during a Monday night football game. But wait! They show football on Sundays! This bar is the most androgynous thing I've ever seen on the Hawth.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2008,10/23/2008,36,138,10,7,8>Many revews here say, "It's not as good as my Mom's.."   You lucky bastards!  My ma did a mean burger cassorole and fish sticks.  Not much Viet cooking in Iowa in the 60s, ya figger?   That all said, I really like Pho Oregon better than most in town.  Really generous portions for a pig like me, decent broth richness, quick service, nuthin' fancy, no frills....
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,10/22/2008,110,167,15,10,11>I've been on a diet for a little while now (lost 17.5lbs thank you very much), and I am pretty good at saying no to places like this. Well, I saw a family eating cupcakes outside, and I about lost control. I almost punched their daughter and stole her cupcake because it looked so damn tasty! I was able to maintain my self control, and went inside to order a cupcake of my own.Boy am I happy I did. This was one fine cupcake. The center vanilla bean filling was a wonderful surprise! I could have done with little or none of the frosting though. It was the typical butter cream frosting. The kinda that coats your mouth is a layer of film... uck... I hate that.My GF had a chocolate mint cupcake. It had an Andies Mint on it. It looked really good. She's lucky she had a cold and took a bite before I could sucker punch in her in the gut and steal it from her.The best part was their juice bottles. I got myself a sweet blue dinosaur. RAD! Even if you hate cupcakes (and if you do hate cupcakes please never talk to me ever again) go here and order some juice. You NEED to own one of these bottles.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,10/21/2008,25,33,18,14,13>At age nine, to the dismay of my parents, I began a utensil boycott that lasted for approximately six months.  I can't quite remember the logic (probably because there wasn't any) that was going on in my little brain but I think it went something like "Utensils are cultural shackles designed by The Man to keep us down.  I will lead the rebellion against such meaningless societal impositions."  Yeah.  I was a feisty little kid.  For obvious reasons, this marked the beginning of my love affair with finger food.  Which leads me to chicken wings.  There's just something so satisfying, so primitive, about gnawing on the bone and then getting to lick your fingers.  And then washing it down with cold beer.  Yum.  $20 got us salad, tots, wings, and a pitcher of beer to share (the four food groups, am I right?).  The sauces are delish-peanut, cilantro, raspberry habanero, Jamaican jerk, etc.  And you know that gross feeling you get after eating fried food?  Like, bleh, I just consumed a few cups of oil?  Not here.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2008,10/20/2008,161,226,17,19,18>Dove Vivi is so darned precious and sweet it gives me a darned toothache.Seriously, pals, the staff is super sweet and nice and so so genuinely so.The little restaurant is very very cute and despite the somewhat uncomfortable chairs, 'tis a lovely experience.And the pizza! ooooh the pizza!That pizza is rich! I mean it. That crust is heavy on the butter. Girl can do some damage on a pizza pie but even after one slice my stomach was all like "yo girl, check yourself" (my stomach is totally from the streets).The corn pizza is amazing...really rich. The pepperoni...dang delicious. And seriously, I know it SOUNDS boring, but the three-cheese is totally totally great.Do not be afraid to have leftovers, it's definitely just as good the second or third time around!
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2008,10/19/2008,141,355,11,13,13>Remember those Sunday drives as a kid when you'd all pile into the folks or grandparents car and zip out of town for the afternoon?  You always ended up at some random restaurant, and it was usually an odd little thing, but always amazingly good.  But then again, anything seemed good after being crammed in the back middle bump suck seat with the cousins for hours.Unlike those lazy $1/gallon of gas days, we found ourselves on a predetermined trek out here this weekend.  Cruising through Carver and up a winding hill it felt like one of those places you'd likely stumble on out in the Columbia River Gorge.  The huge log structure perched on the side of the cliff and offering views of the river valley below was a welcome sight.  The "cabin" look can be a little cliche in this part of the country, but it seems to work here.  I had the Stone Cliff Omelet.  Fantastic. So light and fluffy, served with a side of potatoes & peppers... a perfect size for Sunday brunch.   The coffee is good, the ambiance is nice.  I don't think it's the place I'd return with such a large group, but definitely a party of 4 or so.  Regardless, they're nice as heck, the chef kept popping in and out of the kitchen (usually a good sign) and at the end of our meal they graciously offered to split our large check into individual tickets.  That's cool.  Overall a totally enjoyable experience and one I hope to return to. Maybe next time with my grandpa on another one of those Johnny Cash serenaded drives. Oh and on an aside, the kids cups say something like "keep fishin!" on them, so don't fall for that "hey what's that say?" distraction from potential potato predators.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2008,10/18/2008,6,25,3,5,6>Belmont Pearl RULES!The portions are so large even my husband cant finish it all, and that's quite the accomplishment. While I care more about quality over quantity, I am also pleased whenever we eat there.  Almost all of their dinner entrees can be made with your choice of protein. The tofu is cooked crispy and delicious. I have made it a mission to try every different option I could before going back to one. The orange and kung pao have been my favorite. Mongolian is close in third. Cheap, quick and the peanut sauce is awesome.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2011,5/8/2011,194,364,6,10,6>BAM! After visiting Japan for 2 weeks during the big earthquake (and then Korea for 1 week), I'd been back in PDX for 5 days hankering for some good izakaya food, and obviously Yelpers led me to this intimate establishment close to Kaiser's clinics and FOTM.If you're looking for really authentic Japanese fair (think okonomiyaki, basashi, oden, takoyaki, etc,) you'll be disappointed. But if you want some Japanese fusion (with some Hawaiian influence?) that caters to american palates, this really is a nice place to check out!First off, service was great and the atmosphere very laid back! Everyone was friendly and they were very clear about how to order since they have a very specific system to their ordering/seating process..Most of the food is 4-star worthy, but the service/ambiance boosted it to a full 5-stars for my first visit!As for the food:- the spare ribs were the most notable dish: ultra tender, melt-in-your-mouth, nice sweet sauce, and a decent deal at $4- Well seasoned edamame appetizer for only $2 (it has a nice salty/tangy sauce on it, so it's not as plain as at other joints)- pork meatballs - interesting flavor and hearty texture, but had a little more black char than I prefer- fried tofu/vegetables - probably my least favorite dish; I'm hoping it was just a bad batch as it tasted like the sweet sauce was a bit burned/bitter during the frying process, so I'll try it again at only a few bucks- the Pork Ramen is what most people rave about, and yeah, it holds its own.  Doesn't quite taste as home-made/from-scratch as the places I loved in Japan, but certainly above average: the traditional hard boiled egg, tender chasu, decent broth, and huge portion (we shared it between 3 of us) made it re-order worthy at $8- The special of the day shrimp tempura was great; very lightly fried with a citrusy dipping sauce- And the fried gyoza was decent as well (I only tried 1 piece) - Oh yeah, and the VEGAN spam musobi was great. If you are looking for that super-fatty spam-ish flavor, you'll be disappointed, but the sauce and V-patty are a nice substitute and it's definitely worth trying at $2- Finally, the Seared 'Tataki' of Beef was my most controversial dish: I loved the raw or lightly cooked beef in Japan, so I had high hopes for this as the thinly-sliced beef (a loin strip, no?) was well flavored & lightly seared leaving the soft, delicate meaty flavor preserved on the inside, but the cut of meat had some chewy tendonous parts that detracted from the dish :-(  Maybe I was so used to ultra tender/marbled kobe/hida beef that my expectations were too high? For $10, it's worth a group giving it a shot and seeing what everyone thinks; I'm glad I at least tried it and would be interested in giving it one more go.OVERALL, I really like this place; Fantastic for talking with friends over a drink and getting some small dishes (or a full dinner) with prices that range from very affordable ($2) to pretty classy ($10); expect $10-20/person price range. Oh yeah, and the outside seating in this old converted house looks like it'd be awesome during a warm summer night!I can't wait to go back to Miho (and Japan ^_^)
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2011,5/7/2011,43,65,13,6,5>I had heard so much about this place I had to give it a try, fortunately I was quite hungry, which is what you need to be when you come here. These sandwiches have to pack a week and a half's worth of saturated fat in them, I guess I'll have to make up for it by not downing those four sticks of butter I was going to have for a snack this afternoon.You pick your meat, whatever condiments you want like sauteed mushrooms, onions, coleslaw, peppers, etc, then they stuff all that in a warm ciabatta roll  with this delicious sauce and a huge serving of quite greasy french fries. Then they wrap it all up Burrito style so you can eat this monstrosity without dripping all over your chin, shirt, table or the street. It is in a word wonderful.If somebody could tell me what the fat content and/or calories were present in one of these puppies, I would hold my ears, close my eyes and yell LA LA LA LA LA LA! Until they stopped, I don't want to know!They are aptly named, Big Ass is what one will get eating here too much, in fact I noticed one Yelper who likes this place mentioned on the talk threads she was getting a Brazilian laser treatment; if she comes here often they are going to have to start charging her for that treatment by the Acre!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,5/5/2011,122,59,11,8,7>Are you kidding me?  Ian (the owner) brings his "A" Game every day (except Mondays and Tuesdays, of course).  He's there at 6:30 every AM and has friendly chatter, good coffee and great juice for the masses.  The coffee's cheap, the conversation is free and the juicer lends a comforting backdrop of...ummm...well, whatever sound that juicer is making, it's a comforting backdrop, dammit!Dogfeather's was the first cart in this pod and the place has blown up.  What is little known is that Dogfeather's was also the first cart at the 12th & Hawthorne "Cartopia" before the owner of Tiny's went to war over the prospect of a little competition.  Rumor has it that Dogfeather's may be looking at expansion...but rumors are less substantial than a fart in the wind...Nice to see one of the good guys find a home...
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2011,5/4/2011,99,154,12,11,12>There are are few things you'll need to know about Artigiano before you go:1. It is, without question, the BEST Italian food you'll eat out of a cart. Don't believe me? Come with me and I'll prove it!2. It is, without question, among the BEST Italian food you'll eat anywhere. Don't believe me? See #1.3. Don't even think about complaining about the price. Yes, you are getting this from a cart. Yes, you may be eating it along the side of Woodstock, in a car, or at home. But you know what? It's 1000x better than what you'd get for the same price at the Olive Garden, and who says you can't have more fun sitting at a table outdoors, relaxing with a bottle of wine as the Woodstock neighborhood bustles along? I know I did!4. Did I mention the food is amazing?5. Say hi to Rachael and Tyler, the owners. They're cool people, and they're passionate about what they do!6. Order literally anything on the menu. You won't be disappointed. If I was forced into making suggestions, I'd say the gnocchi or the pork sandwich, but please don't force me to have to pick favorites. It's just not fair.7. Go hungry. You'll want to savor every last bite of the delicious, handmade pastas, sauces, & more that this little cart is dishing out.Ok, enough talk. Set down the computer, or phone, or whatever technological device you are using to enjoy this review and head straight to Artigiano!Seriously. Go!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2011,5/3/2011,104,97,19,15,15>I'm a fan.Best fried Chicken prepared by a bartender I've ever had. I see a problem........ all these great reviews means more customers for this unassuming dive bar. They only have 1 fryer. You see it too, don'tcha.Reel M inn, you can get a fryer for around $350. My patronage over the next year will pay for it. A safety note:  This Fried Chicken is Lava hot when served. 2 Mirror pond1 Blue moon3 thigh chix dinner w/ Jo Jo's-------------------------------------$21   Good Fried Chicken is a religious experience for me.Brothers and sisters.....Can I getta Amen....
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,5/2/2011,145,186,32,18,24>Ryan had kind eyes and canvas arms, tattooed so beautifully, they made me blush. I was 23 and I was completely and utterly, head over heels in love with the kid. When I discovered he was cheating on me with a broad that resembled a walrus, I felt like I had been kicked in the nuts of the heart. After lying in the fetal position for weeks, drinking countless bottles of Makers Mark, I began romanticizing his come back. He would come crawling back after realizing that he missed the Latin luvin, I thought. He would drop the walrus and beg for my forgiveness. During that time, my friends would ask why we were no longer together. I wanted nothing more than to curse his name and tell them about his tampon sized penis. As much as I wanted to hate him, I was still in love with him and the thought of talking bad behind his back made me feel like I was betraying him. One unassuming afternoon, I ran in to him and the walrus at the New Seasons deli. My eyes were immediately drawn to the enormous ring that was attached to her Vienna sausage finger. I smiled and congratulated the two of them. Told them my "boyfriend" was waiting for me so I had to run. I did run. To my Beetle where I sobbed dramatically clutching the wedge of aged manchengo and 7.99 wine I had just purchased on sale. It was then that I came to grips with the fact that he was not coming back. It was then that I knew an apology was out of the question. A few weeks ago when I wrote a bad review of Produce Row, I felt like I did when I finally opened up to people about the bastard that was Ryan. While I was disappointed with my experience, writing a bad review seemed like talking behind the back of a dear friend. I felt so guilty about it that even my bad review had a lot of positives in it. I didn't even have the nerve to put them on my shit list! yelp.com/list/youre-fire My dream of an apology from Ryan never came to fruition,  but the one I received from Produce Row was better than I could ever ask for. The head chef/manager contacted me shortly after with a sincere apology and an invitation to come back . He presented a genuine offer to make things right if I gave them another shot. I did give them another shot and they gave me a shot too. A shot of smooth whiskey coupled perfectly with a terminal gravity IPA. A piping hot basket of beer battered french fries, so delicious we devoured every single one!  Perfect service and not a sound of shit talk from the kitchen.  My friend from NYC is a bit of a diva and she was thoroughly impressed with the food, the atmosphere and the 5 star service. The fact that Produce Row cared enough to read my review and make things right speaks volumes about their business ethic. The fact that Ryan had a million dollar wedding with the walrus only for her to bang his colleague, was sweet, silent revenge. In the end, I would take the apology I got from Produce Row any day over the one I thought that I wanted from the tampon penis Ryan.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2010,5/1/2011,550,1055,10,26,16>Let's jump on Frank's Noodle House bandwagon. All of you should do it too! Let me tell you why in five simple "whys" :1.) Those noodles are scrumptious. Forget the fact that they are handmade, just the taste of it..texture of it. Oh my gosh, I can eat them just by themselves. Yup you heard me, I will eat plain noodles made by Frank.2.) When you ask for spicy, they will ask which spiciness level do you want between 1-4. Please ask for 5 if you loved spicy food. I asked for five and it was burning hot like heaven. My scalp was sweaty, my neck was sweaty, and it was worth it.3.) Noodles with pork = noodles with Pork belly. If you liked your pork on the fatty side, yes you will like this pairing. 4.) Wonton soup. Their Wonton soup is the best in Portland. Yes I said that out loud. It brought back childhood memory with every bite of it because the taste of it, was just like Wonton soup I had when I was a little girl back in Jakarta. There used to be this hole in the wall place (literally) that just made noodles and Wonton soup. I don't know how Frank does it, seems like he knows my childhood memory (like inception).5.) Service was excellent. Frank greeted us right as we walked in. His big smile just spread the warm all around the room. He even bussed our table. Yes, he owns this uprising noodle house, and he cleans tables also. It showed me what kind of man Frank is, a man that I want to have a visit with as often as I can.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2010,4/29/2011,264,523,7,9,5>The bulk section at Bob's Red Mill Whole Grain Store is like Winco's bulk section, but only fancier and a lot more hectic on weekends. The parking lot easily overflows into the street out front. At Bob's, I like the plethora of grains and herbs, though not as plentiful in the herb section as Limbo on SE 39th. I've never eaten at the store, but in case you choose to, their dining room is located on the first and second floors. If you need gluten-free pancake mix the size of animal feed bags, they have it!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2011,4/28/2011,100,382,6,8,5>This is one of those places that operates in defiance of all that is expected from vegan fare. Let it never be said that vegan baked goods can't be better than the dairy-laden version, and if it *is* ever said, let this place be your rebuttal.I'm a big fan of the butterscotch cookies here, and the pistachio ones are even better. I can't think of a place with better cookies, vegan or no. They're the perfect fine texture... not too crunchy or chewy, and they melt away in your mouth. I'd be all over a five-star review if I'd had a better sampling of the goods. But that will take another trip or two. Oh, darn... more delicious baked goods to eat... This shop also carries Missionary Chocolates, and you can select whichever ones you like (read: they're not pre-packed with all the most bizzarre flavors like the boxes at Whole Foods) -- which is a total lifesaver if your valentine is vegan. Well, that's assuming your valentine isn't also a heartbreaking bastard. (Yay bitterness!) If he is, just eat the goddamned chocolates yourself. You won't be sorry!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,4/27/2011,119,205,8,10,10>While vinyl is spinning on the turntable, I read the liner notes.  I'm too old to read the liner notes on a CD.  I need a magnifying glass.   And if I download tunes from the internet, how do I get the liner notes?  Do they mail them to me?  Why should I give some record company prick my hard earned money and not get any liner notes?  Forget about it.At the Hall of Record, they understand my concerns and offer lots of big, readable and playable music on vinyl. I ordered a sandwich and a beer and started to dig through the stacks of wonderful old records.  They have a great selection of Jazz on Blue Note, Prestige, Riverside, and Columbia.They have these cool little beer holders so you can keep looking through the records while you enjoy your microbrew. I found about 10 pounds of records that I had to have.   My sandwich came, so I requested they spin one of my choices, while I sat and ate my sandwich - which was very good - drank my beer, listened to jazz; pops and all, and read the liner notes.The Hall of Records is a great place, run by a couple of really nice people.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2007,5/4/2007,1,8,,2,3>I've known this store since it's beginnings...and let me say...HELLO PORTLAND has  done everything right. When you walk in this store...you want and need everything. The store makes you feel cool... hip and trendy without the overbearing feeling of trying too hard. This place is a find and i sincerely suggest that anyone in the neighborhood take the time to discover its treasures.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2007,5/3/2007,30,330,2,1,1>This place is SUPER wonderful and is just a little cart which = cheap, cheap, cheap. Every time I visit my family, my brother and I stop by here. There is nowhere (inside) to sit. The chaat is probably less good than the regular entrees, but where else can you get chaat in Portland (answer= nowhere).  A lot of the chaats end up tasting similar, but really I intend for this to be a RAVE review. Their chai is excellent. Their  their bhel puri is excellent, but the thing to get is the samosa chaat.  My brother always gets this really big meal deal thing which has a naan and then several other typical dishes, maybe choli, rice, saag paneer, something else usually, possibly a samosa. It's only like 5 bucks!!! They also have really, really awesome naans and chapathis. They are to die for. Really there is nowhere else that I have found to go for chaat in Portland.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2007,5/2/2007,39,51,1,2,2>The 30 minute drive from downtown Portland to the suburb of Hillsboro almost made me insane with hunger. My dear foodie Portland friend T recommended this place, so the anticipation put my starvation over the top. That would be 6 hrs. Tack on 5/12 hours extra for the earlier afternoon drive from our home in Eastern Oregone. The Portland burgs are slowly but steadily becoming great places for unpretentious ethnic restaurants. Chennai Masala specializes in the trendy Southern Indian style cuisine, but also serves the more well known Northern style cuisine that Americans are familiar with.Casual friendly chaat style cafe, creamy sweet and mango lassies, very rich meat curries and crisp vegetarian dosas. They even have a children's menu. 1 pt deduction for really slow food service.  For a mind-altering experience, try #72!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2007,5/1/2007,451,735,,3,2>Courtney D's review pretty much sums this place up-read it! I came for the 9pm happy hour with my co-worker and we both LOVED it. We had the infused drinks with some yummy food. You must try the prickly pear margarita!! The burger was a little underdone for my taste. We tried the duck fat fries but I didn't really taste a difference in flavor. We also had the calamari which was VERY yummy. The bartender was a sweet heart and took good care of us. The drinks were the highlight of the night! $34 total for food and 4 drinks is such a steal. You can't get that type of deal anywhere in the Bay Area! We are going back for more tonight!! I am going to review the crab risotto!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2006,4/30/2007,155,0,6,7,6>I ate at Veganopolis three times in one week while visiting Portland.  That's got to be some kind of record.  It was delicious!  I tried the Seitan Cesar (divine), the Grilled Tofu (solid), and the Reuben (awesome).  I really liked the atmosphere and the menu here.  It's in Portland, so it was kinda culture shock for me coming straight from Chicago.  I'm gettin' all antsy in the back of the line while the cashier and the customers are taking their time with pleasantries, answering questions and what-not.  And then the angel on my shoulder is like, "why are you getting antsy?  You're not in a hurry.  Feel the love. This is Portland."  The devil on the other side is all like, "Come on, hippies. I'm hungry.  Make up your minds."  Angel is like, "Chill.  The restaurant has vegan in the name of it.  It's all good."It is.  It's all good.  Good for you, laid-back Portland, I'm on my lunch break, but I'm not sweating it vegans.  Good for you.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2006,4/29/2007,326,452,,3,3>I LOVE this place. I wish I could find something like it here in the Bay Area. It's a cute, small little place that looks straight out of Amelie. It's a Parisian style dessert shop/wine and beer bar/coffee shop, that's extremely pleasant to hang out at late at night with friends to enjoy a drink or one of their extremely rich, decadent desserts (they also have gelato, for the faint of heart). The chocolate is all handmade and they have a great selection of Belgian beer (Chimay-yum!) and dessert wines. I've been here on several occasions and I've never had a bad experience. I love the music they play too, which is mostly french jazz or french rock n roll. They also have pastry/candy making classes every now an then, which I think is awesome.I highly recommend making a stop at Pix Patisserie if you are ever in Portland.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2007,4/28/2007,12,17,3,1,2>I can't comment on the pizza very well, since I've only eaten cheese slices. The gourmetness of the place obviously means that they can do more pizza good, if you know what I mean, and so I'll leave that review for the others.But I can say, in response to a previous reviewer, that Vincente's no longer houses a lousy Demolition Man pinball game. It now has Congo! Congo's a fun game. It's almost too easy to get hundred million plus scores, but I suppose such high numbers serve to make people think they're really hot stuff.It looks like there are lots of good beers, and good sales on beers. My cheese slice today was heavenly, and the staff were friendly. When I was paying up a pretty young lady with light brown hair came in to buy some pizza, and I noticed, when I eyed her, that she was eyeing me. I didn't know what to do (and still don't), so I ran away. I'm dumb. "So, you like pizza, huh? I definitely do. And pinball, too. I'd like to play Congo and share a slice with you right now, but I really can't, because I just pumped all of my eight quarters into the game. You're right, it was pretty exhausting."
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2007,4/27/2007,48,76,,2,2>Although I haven't had a chance to stay at this hotel, I'm in love with their restaurant/bar. I've been to this place twice and have always been 100% satisfied. Nice and cozy place with great food. You can't ever go wrong with either crab cakes, hash-brown with salmon, and eggs with muffin. I'm telling you....it's just amazing!I'm not done yet. It's also one of the best place for dessert in town. Their chocolate items are pretty good if you are a chocolate lover. Otherwise you gotta go for the bread pudding and/or tiramisu. You'll be glad that you give it a try. Don't forget to order a cup of coffee with your dessert.A little bit pricy. They have Jazz from Wed - Sat nights. Perfect for a romantice date.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2007,4/26/2007,44,152,4,9,6>Walk into Grace Salon, and you know just by looking around that you're going to get a hip haircut. Thanks to all the hard work of their employees, the space is beautiful and stylish. Until I moved away from Portland, the very talented and vivacious Eve was my hair's one and only. I followed her magical scissors from salon to salon because she knows how to turn my jumble of curls into a cute little hairdo. I've sent multiple friends to her, all of whom have been converted because she listens to what you want and makes sure that you're happy with the haircut. Sorry Mom, the real reason I'm visiting Portland in a few months isn't for your birthday, it's so I can get my hair cut here.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2007,4/25/2007,6,17,1,3,3>I was first introduced to the Oddball show company on a trip to Portland to visit a really good friend of mine...she has excellent taste, so when she told me about this cool shoe store she had found I knew it was gonna be a good thing...and oh was it good.  Why so good?  I have a size 15 shoe, growing up, that sucked.  Because shoe stores didn't carry the "trendy" shoes in my size, and if they did, they were those ugly, all white, geriatric looking Reebok or New Balance shoes that no kid in their right mind would wear to school...let alone for a sporting event.  Shoe shopping for my mom and I was not a 1 stop outing...no they lasted hours, and we often came home empty handed.  It wasn't until college that I could actively rely on Nordstrom to carry a decent assortment of shoes in my size...dress, casual, trendy, etc. and even then, it was still a bit of a stretch finding something I actually liked.Their in store selection is a bit better than what they offer on line (oddballshoe.com).  But if you are a big guy, with big feet, this store is a godsend.  I'm not a really active shoe buyer...but these guys are swiping my credit card at least 3 times a year.  Love them!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,6/18/2011,123,89,26,14,17>I have what is known as "Malculay Culkin Face." You know, where you don't really age, but you look like an 8-year-old with poor sleeping habits who has just had an allergic reaction to shellfish. Because of this I'm often asked to provide proof of age when purchasing age restricted products like alcohol and spray paint. At the liquor store on MLK, I am asked for identification, but I am asked nicely. They say, "May I see your ID, please?" When I hand them my ID, they say, "Thank you." After the transaction is complete and I say, "Thank you," they say "Oh, you are so welcome." WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE? Where is the air of disdain and thinly veiled contempt I have come to expect from liquor store employees? I thought it was an OLCC regulation that you must blithely toss change in the general direction of your customer? But you just counted it back to me and put in my hand. One time, the lady behind the counter asked me if I had a nice weekend. Is this a liquor store or a finishing school? Since my love of booze is rivaled only by my love of manners, I'm willing to overlook the limited selection and God-awful parking. If you live in the neighborhood and need to replenish your liquor cabinet with the basics, I can pretty much guarantee you won't be metaphorically punched in the throat with rudeness.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,6/17/2011,434,336,13,17,19>And like the birds of Capistrano............. We came back to roost. I had spent many an evening in one of the former incarnations of this space. I felt that for old times sake I needed to see what they had done to my former "Cheers". The Zeus opened to the public yesterday. I had been watching the transformation. I decided today, I would give it a try. It's light and airy, with beautiful stained glass windows. Everything is bright and shiny, the staff eager and finding their bearings in the new Cafe. I didn't try the food, but had a couple of cocktails mixed by the bartender, Guy. I told him that I like rum, and let him work his magic. Dave Shenaut formerly of Beaker and Flask is also behind the bar. Under his skillful watch I'm sure we will see some fine original craft cocktails across this bar. As I was sipping my lovely, lemon, spiced rum, and simple syrup concoction, a friend, Misha Peru happened in. She was soon joined by Poison Waters (who still conducts the church of the Poison Waters each Sunday further down Stark), Darcelle, and a host of other faces familiar to the drag community. They were having a show downstairs. A nod to the former occupants. I saw at least a dozen familiar faces, and I could almost hear "it's raining men" if I listened hard enough. I look forward to coming back for many more drinks and food in the future. I had a lump in my throat leaving. If these walls could talk.........executive level debauchery that will live in our hearts forever......... Please take a tour. They did a great job with the remodel.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,6/16/2011,207,465,10,7,11>"You can always tell the Yelp nerds by who's taking pictures of their food" said my lovely dining companion Tamara C. And it was true, we both sat there with our iPhones, documenting the amazingness of our meals before we devoured them immediately. I mean, I have been waiting ages to try this place. I tried - once - with my lovely boy but he saw the line and said no way jose. I sulkily agreed, visions of dancing biscuits in my head. So when I found myself home alone with weekend, I was able to grab a fellow Yeep and head here. The Reggie Deluxe is....just...wow. The biscuits are just right, the egg & cheese cooked to perfection and the fried chicken? Who knew KFC could have it so wrong (well I could, I'm just sayin'). The final touch of savory gravy made it a breakfastf from the gods. I'm glad I've moved out of this neighborhood as I'd be here ALL THE TIME. And fat (but probably happy). I also tried my first bloody mary and once I wrapped my head around a non-sweet cocktail, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It had a bit of a kick to it, and I think that adage about the hair of the dog really does lessen a hangover. The line moved fairly quickly and I didn't have a problem snagging a seat. I liked the layout a lot too, very open and clean.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,6/15/2011,219,427,10,10,13>Oh Bailey's, you make my heart flutter everytime I think of you. (Don't tell my boyfriend, though in all reality you probably do the same to him).One star for your kick ass beer selection.I can find something new everytime I come here. And well priced too!One star for the cool employees, always friendly and helpful. One star for having Santeria deliver over here. Now that I'm addicted to their burritos, I love you even more. One star for being located downtown, super convenient for out of town visitors and close to a lot of my other favorite haunts.One star for just being you. That doesn't count? Okay, I like that you have board games and your bathrooms are always clean. There? Satisfied?5 stars, it can't be disputed. You complete me. :)
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2010,6/14/2011,141,355,10,14,12>Every month or so, I have a delightful conversation (read: throw-down) with Aaron, a friend from college who I've long considered my arts & culture equal.  Although he's relocated to California, our periodic chats about the tunes we're playing or pages we're turning have yet to cease.  Recently, however, restaurants were mentioned, his area of expertise. Uhoh...Aaron: Have you eaten at "Ned Ludd"?Jenny: I have not. (Damnit. Where?)A: Well it's in Portland! It was one of GQ's ten best restaurants in America. Two guys bought this old open brick oven pizza place to make a new restaurant, but then they realized it had no stove. So instead of remodeling they just said "screw it" and make amazing dishes just using that open fire wood oven.J: I can't believe that I've never heard of this. (Or that I'm about to loose some PDX street cred to a Californian.)A:  The interior design is amazing.   nedluddpdx.com/gallery.h ... Boom.(A cool inception story, scenes of a rad space, and a to-die-for menu? This guy knows the way to my heart.  And as it turns out, Ned Ludd knows the way to my taste-buds.) J: Whoa.Admittedly, it took a while for me to get here for dinner, but it was worth the wait.   Michelle H. and I rolled in on a Monday night to a packed house, and welcomed a couple spots at the bar.   The building, set waaaay back from MLK, resembles a greenhouse from the exterior. Once inside, it somehow transforms into a cozy hodgepodge of antiques and timber, kind of like a picturesque storage shed in the country.   Imagine the type of space you'd want to warm up in on a dark, fall evening.  This is it.    The beer/wine/spirits list is creative but hardly unapproachable, given the list of regional breweries and vineyards.   A Provence Sour cocktail is basically like a boozy, liquid meringue pie, and goes down way too smoothly.    After a little guidance from the bartender, we settled on mac n' mornay, broccoli, and stuffed rabbit loin.  It was easily the best broccoli I've ever had, and the mac was awesome.  This was my first experience with rabbit, and stuffed with liver, and served on a bed of farro/chanterelles, I can wholeheartedly understand why so many people love it.  And yes. You want the s'mores.  We'll leave it at that. It seems to me that Ned Ludd is still relatively unknown when locals spout off the best Portland eateries. At least for now.  But given the recent acclaim of spots creeping in around NE MLK, like Toro Bravo or Firehouse, Ned Ludd has located itself beautifully in the heart of the activity.  The space is cool, and the team is accommodating and attentive.  I'll be back for sure.  However, there are very few people I know who I feel like I could bring here for dinner, as the menu demands a willingness to be a little adventurous. But for drinks and appetizers, or even dessert and coffee?  Oh you'd better believe it's been permanently added to my recommendation list. Which means that I guess I've got to go tell Aaron that he was right... again.  But before I do that, anyone know of a phenomenal, relatively unknown place around Lake Tahoe?  I've got to try and one-up him.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,6/13/2011,121,1306,8,21,15>I love my skin.No seriously, it's never looked better. I can't get over it. I have always been hesitant about taking the plunge, but it wasn't fear. It was because I knew I'd likely fall in love and want to have these done on the regular. I was right. I'm always right. Well, almost. I really didn't know what to expect when I met with Kris. I knew there were going to be lots of massage-y, steamy, mask-y, serum-y, watery cleaning going on. Could I fully relax with someone pawing at my face for an hour?Uh...YES! It was heaven. After a brief chit-chat about habits and routines, I donned a super cool strapless robe-towel thing, and slid onto the bed, complete with comforter and pillow. Soothing, mellow music played behind me somewhere while I drifted in and out of consciousness. Kris took her time, pampering my skin with all these awesome and delicious smelling products. Sometimes she'd talk. Sometimes I'd ask questions. Sometimes I'd just soak in the process. Over the course of the treatment, we got into the details of what was causing my skin problems. As a creature of habit, and strict instruction following, I have been over treating my face from the time I suffered from a lot of acne a few years ago. I narrowed it down on my own to being dairy-related, but kept treating my skin as if it was going to burst into a pimple-y rage at any moment. My skin isn't actually all that acne prone, just oily. "Stick to treating that," she said. Brilliant. The hour I was in there felt like three. I lost track of time, felt super sleepy, and could have fallen asleep at any moment. When I finally dressed and checked my skin out in the mirror, it looked like me, only a much healthier me. Who knew? There was no pressure to get my butt out the door. There was no up-sell on products (I did pick up a moisturizer-sunscreen that kicks ass for only $20, though). They don't even accept gratuity. They KNOW they kick ass, and they just want you to tell people about it. I sipped on a glass of champagne while Kris and I went over my new skin regimen. When I asked her when I should come back (because I'm hooked!), there was no pressure, only a recommendation to come in at least once a season. Any more than that is up to me. That's pretty cool. They're confident that your skin can look awesome with only a little bit of their help.I left happy and relaxed. I left with a bunch of samples. I left feeling confident enough to go out without wearing makeup. I left to go have dessert. It's just how it works, you know? I love Marywynn and her team. Kris worked magic on my skin. They even emailed a day later to make sure I was still happy and content. Yes. Without a shadow of a doubt. YES.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2010,6/12/2011,126,2155,12,15,15>Someday I'll learn that I've got to stop sleeping on places like this.Beaker & Flask might just rival Teardrop in cocktail creations. To top that off, they're about $2 cheaper and not in the Pearl (which I know is a huge selling point for many in this city). Bartender banter revealed that one of the gents behind the bar (Who looks like he could be Jacob G's taller twin) was nominated best bartender of the year. Drink a few of the cocktails and you'll see why. There are some absolutely incredible mixes coming out of the bar area. We tried four between us--all of which absolutely loaded with disguised booze. First round was Michigan Girls and Draper Valley cocktails. Of course mine (Michigan) came in the girly stem glass while her's came in a more traditional tumbler. It was a dark rum, raspberry drinking vinegar, bitters and one other thing I can't remember. Her's was essentially whiskey and apple cider tonic (sorry for these horrible descriptions -- I'm no bartender or I'd remember this stuff and make it at home. And their website does not currently list what they have on their cocktail menu. Just please believe, it's awesome.)   The second round was an Anger Management (gin based) and Moral Kiosk (whiskey based). These cocktails will run you $8 each. Show up for happy hour and four select cocktails are $6 each. Food wise we started with an appetizer (Which was much larger than we expected) of Pork Cheeks, braised peppers and onions, pickled octopus and aioli ($10). Words do not describe the flavor of that dish and it was easily enough to share. It's right here at this point that someone could be content even if dining on a budget. Two drinks and that appetizer would be more than enough to be comfortable knowing that in a few hours you'd probably just have to hit up the Jack In The Box dollar menu, or something similar, to fill in the blanks.If you're in it for the long haul, focus your eyes on the entree menu. While the entire entree menu looked good, we were most enticed by the Grilled Beef Shoulder Tender, Ricotta Gnudi, Roasted Pumpkin, Horseradish ($22) and another dish of Mustard Grilled Rabbit, Bacon, Chanterelle and Apple Crepe, Crispy Pork, Grilled Leek Vinaigrette. ($20) Is your mouth watering yet?It was at this point that the second round of cocktails came out and provided enough excitement to bide the cooking time. Entree portions were sized perfectly. Not too much but definitely not "two smells away from a clean plate," if you know what I mean. Again... words fail. This is melt in your mouth meat. The shoulder had the perfect crust and exact amount of saltiness needed to make every flavor of that dish pop. My rabbit was not to be missed as well, especially with that mustard addition. Every bite (and stolen bite) was heaven, as cliche as that is to write.After dinner it was definitely time for the dessert we had picked out while waiting for a seat upon arrival. Warm Apple Gallette with Caramel and Foie Gras Mousse.... ($8). And of course you need dessert beverages with a dessert as incredible as that. So two 2007 Andrew Rich Late Harvest Gewurztrami sweet wines were in order--($8 each, but we were only charged for one! Bank Error In Your Favor Collect $200!!!!). While that wine was incredible, it was served in a glass that was essentially a shot glass with a stem. For $7 per "glass" I wish I would have known that was the presentation so I could have just ponied up another dollar for another amazing cocktail. What were we thinking ordering wine in a cocktail palace like this, anyway? Don't make that mistake.Upon end of the meal, even with the weird wine sizing, that meal was absolutely perfect from start to finish. I don't want to eat or drink anything until morning so as to preserve the lingering flavors as long as I can. For two people, on a more splurge kind of night our tab came out to $100 even (would have been $108 if charged for the second wine). Hardly an issue for how much incredible food came out and of course, six drinks -- four of which extremely loaded. I cannot wait to come back to Beaker & Flask. This is a restaurant/lounge that can be taken lightly on any given evening, or used as a complete splurge without any element of pretension in the entire place. If Yelp allowed ratings over 5 stars, I'd easily utilize that function in this case.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2010,6/11/2011,426,1757,22,17,20>C Jen drinkC Jen eatC Jen sit at the dark neighborhood barC Jen enjoy happy hour pricing all evening longC Jen walk away pleased every timeMy visits have always been as part of a group, so some of the happiness may be attributed to the fabulous company. But still, this is a great low key place. While they don't have a formal happy hour, they offer many items as small or large plates. It feels like happy hour pricing without any of the restrictions.A few of my favorite things...-- Carpano Manhattan-- hummus plate-- gnocchi-- sliders (5 types) - I really enjoyed the Painted Hills beef with caramelized onions and BBQ pork with spicy slaw.All of the food is simple and well made. I appreciate that the entire experience is casual and straight forward. It reminds me most of the Slingshot Lounge over on SE Foster. The quality of the food is a pleasant surprise at both places.Service has always been good, but I've also been in the company of regulars, so that probably factors into the equation. But maybe not. I think "Southeast Portland's Most Casual Corner" is just that good.Note:  The menu on their website (items and pricing) is outdated, so they should be a little less casual about posting updates.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2010,6/10/2011,376,599,32,18,27>My name is not Suzie Homemaker. I only cook meals that can be completed before 7 o'clock, when Jeopardy! comes on air. In fact, I only cook if there is also a bottle of wine on the counter. Cleaning is dumb. Properly knowing how to burp and diaper a baby is less dumb, but probably still pretty dumb. And if you asked me to sew a button back onto your shirt, I would shrug and ask you not to hog the wine bottle.But somehow, Cool Cottons makes the days of constant pot roasts in the oven, mandatory aprons, and Valium addiction seem like totally acceptable options. How does it do this? It helps that Cool Cottons is a fabric store set up in a cute little house on Hawthorne. You must also praise the spacious layout that displays the careful arrangement of fabrics by color as well as the fun patterns thrown in for good effect. If you can sew an apron out of the Dysfunctional Family comic strip fabric, you rule. Even the sales are clearly marked, probably because the nice folks at Cool Cottons want to ensure that every blue moon when the sewing bug bites, they will be one of the first places I seek refuge.In case the urge to stitch together a skirt or purse strikes your fancy, they also offer lots of small-sized classes. I'm sure the store staff will not enforce wearing a 1950s housewife dress to any of their classes, but hell, a lot of those clothes are just darling. You don't need to be a homemaker to look like one, right?
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,6/9/2011,95,86,18,6,7>(After drinking beer, playing pool)Roomate: So did you stop and get a snack on the way home?Me: Yep, you too?Roomate: Yeah, I stopped at Taco Bell..what about you?Me: I got a mushroom, gruyere, and spinach with 2 eggs gently rested inside of a crepe that is as soft as the inside thigh of Olivia Wilde, it's delicious, the girl at the cart was super nice, hooked me up with some Sriracha, and I think I'm going to go back and ask her for the hand of one of her crepes in holy matrimony. I've been there before, I usually get their vegan crepe but whooee!! I'm glad I tried a new one!Roommate: Oh!! Can I try a bi...Me: (insert sound of displaying now empty bag)Roommate: Y_Y
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2006,4/3/2007,228,488,,2,3>Yum!  I liked my dinner so much that I ate until I was over full and slightly ill.  The dishes are pretty big but deadly good, so watch out.  I had the  fall curry with squash ($16, I think), sticky rice, and a blood orange mojito.  Yum, Yum, Yum.  I highly recommend this place.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2006,4/2/2007,65,138,3,3,3>Once I got past the fact that it was 11:30 in the morning and I was sitting in a dark bar ... and my eyes adjusted to the light ... I actually enjoyed Dots. We had a bit of a challenge figuring out where the door was ... and reading the menu in the dark ... but once the yummy veggie food came all was forgiven.Their spicy tofu sauce is an experience -- and they have lots of options for veggie-heads -- BONUS. I can't remember what else we had - but the fries rocked this tummy!just a little shout out to the velvet paintings ... and the velvet wallpaper ... it was like a timewarp ... where they serve yummy food.Man ... I really love Portland.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2007,4/1/2007,31,17,7,1,1>What can be said about Powell's that hasn't already been said?  How about this:The first month I lived in Portland, I actually got lost in Powell's.  The next person that walked past me happened to be an employee, who was more than helpful in showing me where to go.  So friendly in fact, that I asked her out and we dated for a while.That's right -- Powell's gets you laid.  Go there now.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2006,3/31/2007,18,18,6,3,4>Well call me Ishmael. I was in an epic search for a fantastic bar in Portland, and low and behold, what did I find? The Reel M Inn. This place, like Moby Dick, is a classic. As you have already deduced, this bar is fish themed. Big Mouth Bass on the wall, plenty of mounted fish of varieties unknown to me... The ambiance inside is true to its name, and in keeping with the theme, this is a "dive" bar to the fullest degree. (Ok, bad pun, but I couldn't resist). There are a few commemorative pieces to land-bound animals as well, specifically the moose's arse mounted at the end of the bar, but I digress.The bar has PBR on tap and Hamm's in the can. From the land of sky blue waters, from the land of pines, lofty balsams, say no more, I have found heaven. But it doesn't stop there. Portland has a fantastically smart law that any establishment serving alcohol must also serve food. Brilliant! And the Reel M Inn does it right. With a deep fryer installed at the end of the bar, you can order up some of the best fried chicken and Jo-Jo's (think french fries on steroids) and go home with a good beer buzz and a full belly! Added bonus, if you hang out in the bar long enough, you go home smelling like the deep fryer! And yes, I did say "bonus"...Other highlights: online poker for the gambling addict in all of us and an online juke box to queue up any and every Foreigner hit known to man! Although I do feel the technology detracts from the "old world" charm of the Reel M Inn, I was elated to find that if I wanted to listen to Ted Nugent's "Wang Dang Sweet Poontang" it was there, simply an inter-web away.  Finding this bar in Portland was like Ahab finding Moby Dick, only I was Ishmael... and I was saved by a 6 piece serving of Jo Jo's.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2006,3/30/2007,83,426,3,3,5>After a quick check of Yelp mobile, I was only too happy to toss my just purchased Peet's in the trash and skeedaddle over to Stumptown.  So, so glad I did.  This was seriously excellent coffee. Smooth.  Rich.  I took it to go, but I could easily waste a day or three in here sipping coffee and skirting responsibilities.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2006,3/29/2007,392,374,6,2,6>Vintage 80's video games in an arcade/bar!I got my fill of Space Invaders, Tetris, Super Mario, Pole Positon, and so much more. Both video & Pinball machines on 2 levels! I love how reclusive and dark the place is w/ it's black walls (so RAD but mom always said I'd regret it). The numerous nooks seem necking-worthy, but they SIKE you out- there's cameras everywhere.If only they could somehow expand the space & add a rollerink! Yessss! I'd know where to find my fountain of youth!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,1/14/2012,184,343,4,8,6>The OG Bunk gets all the reviews it seems. I wrote one there a couple years ago, so I feel like I should add something to this lonely Yelp page.This Bunk location is pretty much tailored for the downtown lunch crowd since it's so small. While I miss the previous tenant, Hillbilly Bento, I am happy to report that this Bunk location has all of the goodness of its east side brethren.I got their pulled pork sandwich. Ah, man. The slaw really made took it from great to awesome. Sure, it was probably the messiest sandwich I've eaten in a long time, but it was worth using up all the napkins.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2011,1/13/2012,637,638,7,19,18>I had been waiting patiently for months for Straight From New York Pizza to open for business. Finally, the wait was over and I rushed in to greet the new neighbors. As much as I love my neighborhood, some of our eateries leave something to be desired. Straight From New York Pizza picks up the slack and adds a much needed pizza parlor to the mix. I have tried the pesto veggie and pepperoni both of which were delicious. The crust was so stellar it completely slipped my mind to ask for ranch, which typically is an autopilot reaction while ordering pizza.  Prices are to be excepted 2.50-3.50 per slice depending on toppings. While pies are a tad on the pricey side they're well worth the money. I hope in time they will extent the hours to accommodate late drunken nights. As it is they are open till 12p on the weekends and 11 during the week. In its shot time in operation, the age old "What's for dinner?" has already become synonymous with "Lets just go grab a slice".  Dangerous perhaps, but beautiful. Welcome to the neighborhood.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,1/12/2012,18,98,,14,8>This was my 3rd visit but my husband's first. We showed up on a Saturday evening around 7:15 without a reservation. The place was packed, of course. The host, who I believe is one of the proprietors, told us it would be less than 30 minutes to wait. He explained there were 3 parties ahead of us. No problem for us. After we had waited about 30 minutes, he approached us and handed us a menu and said he would like us to pre-order any appetizer on the menu, on the house. He was quite apologetic about the extended wait.What a classy gentleman. Of course, the food was outstanding. Mrs. Proprietor came out and spoke with us at length as we were finishing our dessert. She told us the story of how she left her former profession (as a nurse) and the process they went through to research and open their restaurant. She and her family actually stayed there for two years, learning about the cuisine, before returning to Oregon and opening Dar Essalam. They've become so popular, they no longer take reservation calls after 5:30 p.m. -- but you can and should call earlier in the day to ask them to reserve your table.If you do decide to go, you will thoroughly enjoy their authentic Moroccan cuisine. Don't forget to pre-order the Casablanca dessert for two.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,1/10/2012,194,364,5,7,8>Ditto to everything Matt D said!!!This place makes a mean sammy any way you like it for $7.99, and it's guaranteed to be locally owned, locally/sustainably sourced and organic (and gluten-free & vegan if that's how you roll)!I really think they're quite comparable to East Side Deli's style/quality (though E.Side offers bigger eats but not everything is local/organic), with the notable exception being Brass Tack's awesome home-made sauces: Hummus, garlic aioli, balsalmic reduction, tomato jam, and others are all FANTASTIC...and honestly, who else offers caramelized onions as a topping??? No one but Brass Tacks! w00t!So yeah, if you can only $5 for processed protein (I don't think you can legally call it "meat") from Subway, best to save up your dough and come back the next day to check this place out!  It's worth it!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2011,1/9/2012,165,17,13,19,16>People often compare Beijing Hot Pot ("BHP") to Hot Pot City ("HPC"). I like both but when it comes down to it, it's quality vs. quantity. BHP is not buffet style like HPC.A bowl of broth is placed in the center of the table over a gas burner and  you order various raw meats, vegetables, noodles and/or side dishes (such as cooked dumplings) to cook in the broth. For a party of 2, I get the combo for around $25 and a side of dumplings. The combo includes fresh veggies, handmade noodles, thinly sliced beef and pork, some sort of meatballs (can't recall chicken or shrimp) and cubed tofu.There are two kinds of soup bases to choose from - spicy and non-spicy. I personally like the spicy one. There's a partition in the middle of the big bowl, so each table gets to choose two bases or the same base for both sides of the bowl. Because you are cooking the raw ingredients in the soup,  the soup becomes more flavorful and richer as you eat. Yummy!Block out more time when eating here. Not because of a wait, as they are usually not busy at all. It's because they make their dumplings and noodles fresh, so the service is a little slow.  The food is always fresh and good in quality, so it's worth the preparation time.Instead of fortune cookies, they give you little frozen cream puffs with your bill.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,1/8/2012,58,56,10,12,10>When I was in elementary school, I considered it a small victory if my mom made the sandwich for my lunch.  Back then, I only liked peanut butter sandwiches so I was very capable of making one myself, but somehow mom always knew the perfect peanut butter to bread ratio which made the sandwich taste so much more amazing than my mediocre attempt.   Fast forward to the "adult world" and now you will find me with that same feeling when I go to Youskyme to order my beloved rice bowl.  Sure I could very well make my own rice and veggies and then add a little teriyaki sauce, but I know whatever I make isn't going to taste nearly as yummy as Youskyme's version...so why bother?!?  This is hands down my favorite place in the Couve to get my Teriyaki fix (especially since the tofu bowl was added to the already awesome menu).  Whether on the go or wanting to sit down for a bit, I know I am going to get to chat with the super awesome folk running the show *and* get some pretty tasty food that I didn't mess up! Perhaps I am forgetting some key ingredient like TLC or maybe I just a bad cook!  Either way, I think I will keep mom and Yoskyme in my speed dial for a while.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,1/7/2012,240,523,11,10,9>This could be the best Vietnamese restaurant in town that I have to date. They just recently opened and who could complain with their hours of operation?! While the town dies at around 9PM, Luc Lac stays open until the wee hours of the morning.They are ready for you when you wake up from your bad dreams. Fill your stomach with their signature dish, "Luc Lac", dip it in their lime and pepper sauce and call it a day! They seem to cater to everyone,vegans, vegetarians and regular pedestrians like me. They have good vermicelli noodles.Let those goodness slide down with their signature cocktails or teas. The only turn off that I can say is their Avocado/lime bubble tea drink. I was not expecting the drink to be very tart due to the lime. I know that avocados oxidize and turn brown without acid but to overpower the acid does not taste right anymore. We bumped into our other bubble of friends and they have the infamous Pho, they seem to like it. I will defo try it next time. Another thing that I like about it is they don't smell like your typical Asian restaurant (smells like condiments- fish sauce, chili paste, rancid something). So, the more for us to smelling the goodness of our food not someone else's old clothes. I sincerely hope that other restaurants will follow with their operating hours and lack of filthy scents.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,1/6/2012,236,543,5,15,12>I am a cooper. Coops are local businesses - most groceries are not.The theory is that selling basic foodstuffs should be a nonprofit local enterprise. And food coops operate with a certain amount of idealism, which is so much needed in the world. The contrapositive is that coops can make decisions too slowly, hey just like Occupy! But coops are innovators too - they pioneered organic, bulk, customer-driven product mix, bring your own bag and local/sustainable sourcing. Without Food Front there would be no New Seasons, it was started by Food Front staff. Without coops there would not be organic or bulk at Kroger-Fred Meyer. The biggies will soon copy the raw options at Food Front. Cred.Food Front went through some rough times when the grumpy staff unionized. But I can say now they are solidly customer service oriented and present.With agrabiz and internationally grown bulk produce source options, Food Front chooses organic and local every time. It may not be the cheapest, but you know where it is coming from.They have sale days, and member sales. It's not that expensive to become a member, and it gives you a view into how the food business works. Membership is fully refundable, you are a stockholder and you can sell back your share. They have a transparent board of directors process too, with information in binders and on bulletin boards by the front of the store. Match that, giant grocery conglomerate!This branch is small, but they are focused on what most people in the neighborhood need day to day. Excellent for bulk items. You can bring in your spice jars or grain containers and have them weighed at the main or deli registers for "tare weight"  - the empty weight, fill them, then weigh out exactly what you bought when you check out. Just ask anyone working there how it works. Easy way to reduce landfill! I'm a supporter of all the Portland coops. Peoples has a strong volunteer community and Alberta has some awesome produce prices. Food Front is the middle age coop, solid, a great mix of products. Pick one in your hood and stop by the rest sometime.Food Front is that great specialized small and healthy grocery for its neighborhood - think outside the big food box!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,1/5/2012,949,916,10,15,13>I don't know where to start about how I feel, but I'm just going to brain-dump my feelings that I've been holding back inside:I love your wine (especially on tap). I love your relaxed-rustic modern atmosphere. I love the way you spoil me rotten with great service!I love your mini-happy hour menu - my tummy thanks you shamelessly!I love that I can hang out with you for hours and hours with my friends. I don't know what it is about you, but I love everything about you.I have been to Irving St. Kitchen (ISK) several times for happy hour and have never been disappointed. They deliver on service, food and drink. What's not to love about this place? For they've got me mesmerized. I highly recommend this place if you want to just hang out with a bunch of friends or just for a date. It's where swanky meets rustic. Alas, I should come back to you for brunch and/or dinner.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,1/4/2012,123,492,16,20,15>I went to Toast for the first time recently, super excited to check out this "new" restaurant.  Uh, 100+ reviews on Yelp dating back to 2007?  Way to have your finger on the pulse of the city there, Danni girl.I went to Toast for the first time recently, super excited to drag my obtuse ass to what is clearly a neighborhood favorite.  I was not disappointed.I sat at the counter with a full-on view of the kitchen, as well as easy access to the while-you-wait coffee carafe.  Any place with self-serve coffee while you wait  is just plain smart.  I'm also a fan of watching the kitchen staff work their magic.  As many guys as they had stuffed into the narrow kitchen, no one was crashing into one another.  It was all well orchestrated, and to me, that speaks highly of quality and organization.  I'm a stone cold sucker for organization.  For breakfast, I enjoyed the Go Home Thomas breakfast sandwich, which has to be eaten with utensils it is piled so high with food.  Homemade sausage, piles of fluffy scrambled egg, and delicious cheddar cheese shredded all over the eggs and all over the plate like a P-Town Snowpocalypse.  Homemade English muffins quickly became my new favorite carb, that is, until I tried the potato rosti.  Oh. My. God.  The rosti is large and fluffy and full of flavor.  I've seen other reviewers refer to them as similar to hash browns.  Sure, they're made of shredded potatoes, but all similarities end there.  These are so fluffy and so magical, there must be some unicorn mixed in there somewhere.  It's the only logical explanation.  Vegetarians, you're on notice.I went to Toast for the second time recently, super excited to enjoy my new favorite breakfast spot.  Better late than never.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,4/16/2011,89,213,14,9,6>Dr. Portash is by far the best dentist I have been to.  after a HORRIBLE dentist experience, i consulted yelp reviews of dentists. made some calls to get an idea of prices and also friendliness of staff and went with Dr. Portash. it also helped that his office is 7 blocks from my house in case dental operations meant that i would be unable to drive.he is everything you would ever want in a dentist- nice, friendly, intuitive, intelligent, understanding, non-judgmental, easy on the hands, explains everything he will do, and there is just something extremely soothing about him- like if he had some extra time he could do some seriously quality psycho analysis and possibly diagnose my tendency to date needy men, advise me in how to more accurately avoid carbs and learn to be more patient with those on bicycles who clearly are  cluelessduring my first consultation with him, he was able (unlike that horrid dentist i reviewed) to give me an accurate idea of my cavity situation. i only needed one, thank fuck, for now, unlike the 7 or 8 the dentist i refer to as the evil witch said i immediately needed.yesterday was teh filling day. i had forgotten and had to go immediately from lincoln city after 64 hours of serious drinking at a beach house, an incident involving the police and fireworks and within hours of the appt, an experience with something called a mcdonalds mcgriddle that i woudl not want to repeat.  none of the staff commented on what must have been a highly unpleasant odor coming from my entirety. it was the fastest and least painful filling i can recall having.moreso, the entire staff seem to be as cool, nice and understanding as teh dr. while i have never been to the same hair stylist twice due to various reasons, dr portash will be my dentist as long as i live in oregon. and if necessary, if i leave, he will be my annual visit dentist.if you need a dentist, fo realsies, i could not imagine any other dentist even having half the skills of dr. portash.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,4/15/2011,122,144,8,16,9>New Orleans-Atlanta-Minneapolis-Indiana-Florida-Los Angeles-PortlandThose are the places I've carried an antique desk (in three pieces) in my moves over the last decade-plus.  I travel lots and travel light, but the things I do collect I make sure are really heavy and cumbersome, like my collection of antique typewriters and well, this desk.So when the mister and I finally decided to buy a house and maybe stay in one place for a bit, we decided it was time to haul the desk out of the basement and just get it presentable already.  I'd seen Green Furniture Hospital on my regular route, it's in the hood and quaint looking, and I'm a sucker for anything with "green" in their name, though even after working with them I have no idea if what they do is any "greener" than other places, or if the owner is named "Green" or if the name is an homage to Jim Henson or what.  See, I'm diligent like that.Honestly though, I don't care.  My desk is friggin' gorgeous now. It's likely in better shape than it's been since rolling out of the Monroe, Louisiana furniture company 100+ years ago.  Green Furniture Hospital is not fast: they had the desk for over six months, but as mentioned, it was in THREE pieces, and as it turns out was missing some additional pieces that needed to be re-made.  It's also not cheap... I suspect the graveyard of finished antiques in their front room is evidence to folks with best intentions who weren't able to pony up the cash when the time came (oh yeah, they don't take credit cards.)  That said, Mike (the owner) gave me an accurate estimate prior to starting work, and I knew what we were getting into.  He checked in regularly with updates and options for modifications and finishes, and let me know about any cost adjustments as we went.  I was also likely a little naive about how much restoration work can set a gal back... after all, I'm the kind nostalgic enough to haul an old desk (and four typewriters) across the country, so there you go.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,4/14/2011,187,281,15,14,12>Zoey and I continue to frequent AFP a couple of times a week. Fancy Pants is as endearing as ever. Kelli has become one of Zoey's Very Favorite People. My pup always gets a treat and it's obvious that these treats taste better from Kelli's hand than from mine.The reason for this update, though, is bully sticks. For the less informed, these are dried bull penises. My dog (all dogs?) LOVES them. Problem is, most of them STINK to high heaven! Even some I've purchased from another, high-end, independent pet supply store in the area, billed as "free-range" and "odor-free" have nearly driven me out of the house once she starts chewing. Mind you, Zoey does not seem to mind. But I do. The BS's I've been getting from AFP have been the least offensive (odor-wise) I've found. Recently (read: today) Kelli got in a new line of BS's. Bought a couple today. Zoey's in seventh heaven. After she'd been chewing for a couple of hours, I picked the BS up and sniffed. Couldn't believe my nose! No unpleasant odor at all! In fact, it smelled quite... enticing. I resisted the temptation to do more than sniff. I've gone through 60 years without - well, you know - so I thought I should keep my record pristine. Suffice to say, I have a happy puppy and a happy household (nose-wise). If you (or your furry friend) are at all into bull penises, do yourself a favor and give Kelli a visit. Tell her Stanley (and Zoey) sent you.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,4/13/2011,148,236,20,13,13>When I was a kid growing up in Indiana, there was a rib joint nearby called Porky's.  I always thought that was one of the poorest name choices around.  The same could be said for Lardo.  The difference?  Porky's food was shitty.  Lardo actually makes me want to eat myself into a size 60.Seriously, the Porchetta is unbelievable, and the fries are little bits of lard fried heaven.  I can't imagine what this meal did to my poor body, but I don't really care.  Just make me a name tag that says:Hello, My Name Is:      LARDOAnd bring me another sandwich.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2010,4/12/2011,265,215,1,20,9>In dealing with a recent family tragedy and a subsequent silly family drama, I put my boyfriend to work finding a lawyer for me. He called around and found Grant, who answered his questions honestly and directly. From my first meeting with him, Grant helped guide me through the convoluted and murky waters of of estate and family law .Law is super tricky and complicated, and the times in your life when you really need a lawyer are usually the times when you probably aren't able to think very clearly. He was professional, helpful and frankly, I couldn't have done it without him. If you're looking for a lawyer to help with business, estate, family, or any of that complicated nonsense, Grant is definitely a fantastic choice.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,4/11/2011,302,646,6,10,8>I have to give this place 5 stars if only for their delicious butterscotch pudding. This is not your typical butterscotch pudding snack cup from the grocery store. It was rich, velvety, thick, creamy yet very light at the same time. I've been craving it since last night and I'm now suffering from withdrawal.I came in here only with the intention to have a drink but ended up having a 2nd dinner (I had eaten dinner a few hours previously at the Heathman) because I couldn't resist the offerings.It started off with the cheese sampler which was fantastic along with some speciality cocktails: The Seelbach and the Old Curmudgeon. I wasn't too thrilled with the Seelbach (I love prosecco and I love bourbon but I guess I don't love them together) but the Old Curmudgeon was a winner. It was bourbon with a peppery kick. For the main course I had the fried chicken with collard greens, mashed potatoes and gravy. You get a juicy drumstuck, thigh and breast which is nice because many places give you just 2 pieces of chicken. Our server was friendly and funny and the space itself was gorgeous. It's very warm and inviting. I can't wait for the day I get to go back.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,4/9/2011,532,371,9,11,9>Many notable things originated in the land down under before heading stateside:-Half the actors and actresses in Hollywood-A significant number of NFL punters (pays better than rugby)-Rugby (way buurlier than the NFL, pads? who needs those?)-Wine ranging from Costco kangaroo cases to Molly Dooker  to Chris Ringland -Oceanic Flight 815-Men at Work (Vegemite!)-Joseph Hachem-Tim Tams (and by extension Tim Tam Slams!)-Australian PiesWhile you won't find most of this list at Pacific Pie Company, it doesn't matter they have Australian Pies. This in itself is a rarity, quick name another place where you can get one, the closest I can think of is Seattle and they weren't this good. Made from scratch using locally sourced, often seasonal, ingredients Pacific Pie Co is a big deal for anyone who's tasted the flaky, savory, hand held goodness of Australia's unofficial national food.What I love about this little operation, other than the wonderful pies and the charming mates who make them, is the variety. Classic Beef is just that. I'll take Beef + Mushroom anytime, but Sunday Roast Lamb, Thai Green Chicken Curry, Moroccan Chickpea, Spicy Lentil + Coconut, there are no pedestrian pie problems here. Several paths to pie bliss exist (combining methods is not only possible, but encouraged):Instantly - a warm pie appears in front of you, then disappears quickly, leaving only a few flakes and a smile.That Night - you're given fresh pies, you stick them in the oven (325 for 20min), see InstantlySome Later Point - you leave with frozen pies, keep them till you're ready, see That NightA few other little things not to miss: their sweet pies, little Pacific Pie Co stickers at the counter, Hot Lips Pear Soda, little boxes of Fifty Licks locally made ice cream, and catering options. Oh and for anyone who's traveled to the UK, there's sometimes Cornish Pasties (Pasty in singular form and not a reference to minimalist female body coverings).It's one of those places that I heard about, but took months to eventually try. Don't wait. Go. Eat one there, take a few home, and find yourself some Tim Tams for dessert (pssst Cost Plus World Market, Arnott's Chocolate Covered Biscuits).[ larger images can be viewed at pdxploration.com/2010/11 ]
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,4/8/2011,241,429,31,27,24>Brian saved my ass.I knew going to Bishop's was gonna bite me in said ass eventually.  The hipster Supercuts was going to let me down, it was only a matter of time.  Today was that day.  I walked out of there with what could be described as a reverse bowl cut.  I was going to see if my mom's rusty pre-childbearing hairdresser skills could salvage something when I walked past Gianni's.The funny thing is I'd considered going in earlier when I passed it on my way to an ATM to fund my impending mauling.  But, well there's just no delicate way to put it.  It didn't appear to be the type of place that welcomed white people.  And I wasn't entirely wrong, if I'd walked into this place in a bad sitcom a record scratch sound effect would have played.  There wasn't any hostility just a feeling of wow, we don't see many of you in here.But it soon passed.  Maybe it was sympathy over my mini-mullet, or maybe the second half of that last paragraph was only real in my brain.  Whatever, Brian took one look at the mess and said "I got you, man." then spent way more time fixing the back of my skull than nameless at you-know-where spent fucking it up.  He kept digging around in his tool case to find new devices to rescue me and as he worked I literally felt better, like his attention to detail was a shower washing the shame off me.Best part.  Ten dollars.  Yes, one-zero dollars and zero cents.  That's $10.00.I'll be back.  Not any time soon because as you can imagine after two haircuts in one day my shit is SHORT, but I *will* be back.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2010,4/7/2011,107,111,10,8,10>The following sentence is not something you would normally hear me saying to a friend:"There's a cocktail bar in the Pearl District that you absolutely must try."First off, two things are very wrong with that sentence. 1. It does not contain the word "beer," and 2. it violates my typical rule regarding the Willamette River -- that aside from Timbers games, that body of water should never be crossed except in matters of life and death.Furthermore, um, this may come as a shock, but I'm a nerd. I have been known to roll a 20-sided die from time to time, I do math for a living, and I prefer to drink in the beer bars of the East Side -- the Horse Brass, the Mash Tun, Green Dragon -- places that employ and cater to members of the hoppy beer nerd community. To us proud residents of Beerusalem, the Pearl District is like a separate city, and most of its cocktail bars, distant planets.But alas, I must add the exceptional Teardrop to a growing list of establishments that have begun to allay my Pearl-phobia. These folks are passionate about their product -- a level of devotion I fully appreciate and admire. The unique interior design, knowledgeable staff, instructional menu, and meticulous effort they put forth in their drinks, combine to form a sort of alcoholic Abhaya Mudra, breathlessly expressing the calming words: "Fear not, for you are among nerds." Reinforcing this nerdy vibe is a kitchen staff that prepares a small but impressive food menu, including a mouth-watering fennel braised lamb shank and a scrumptious gnocchi with pancetta and morels (and be sure to find an excuse to try their french fries). And while it's usually a restaurant no-no for members of the kitchen staff to deliver food to the public, it's a welcome sight at TCL, as they too are quite clearly of the nerdly persuasion.All that and a friendly and helpful wait staff make Teardrop something of a home away from home for nerdy East Siders like me.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2010,4/6/2011,258,205,12,13,9>As a girl of southern Chinese descent, I have been force fed dim sum since the day I was born. Most of the time I don't even bother writing reviews for Chinese restaurants because it's like reviewing the cereal you poured into your bowl this morning -- it's really nothing special unless there's some weird surprise at the bottom of the (take out) box. (Let's hope it's not a roach...or ecoli!) But since moving to Portland, land of limited Asian eats, I have come to appreciate the delicious saturated fats of my ancestors.Now, Ocean City is not a joke when it comes to dim sum. They serve it in typical dim sum fashion and they serve it well! Naggy Chinese women asking you if you want to try their newest odd creations (umm, say no to the shrimp balls with sugar cane) or if you'd like an eighth helping of ha gau (shrimp dumplings). After downing about 500% of your delicious daily values in salt and cholesterol, you're free to grab your tab and take it to the front.Personally, I don't find Ocean City to be very affordable, and I'm used to Chinese food being cheap as heck ($1.50/steamer in Hawaii is the norm). A decent meal for four cost us about $40. Back in Hawaii, a decent meal for 5 costs about $25. Go figure. But either way, the food is just as tasty.Now I know this is kind of ghetto, but Chinese people don't really expect to be tipped well...unless you're a mo-gwai (a lot of people will tell you this means "foreigner" or "Caucasian" or "some post rock band," but if you were ever curious, the literal translation means "ghost"...*sigh*). So really, tip as you please.Now generally, some of my favorite dim sum treats so you (meaning, I) can try to work your (my) hash Cantonese:Ha gau - Shrimp dumplingsShu mai - Pork dumplings in yellowish wrappersChicken feet! - Just say it in English...they'll always know what you meanWu gok - This comes off the fried foods cart, but it's essentially a mixture of meat and vegetables surrounded in taro paste and deep fried. SO GOOD ALWAYS.Choi sum - With oyster sauce. Come on now, you know you need some damn vegetables! For those unfamiliar with the joy of choi sum, it's a leafy vegetable with tasty little florets.BING SUI - Okay, I know this is a weird one...but, ever try to get a simple glass of water from a waitress and she has no f-ing hell what you're saying? Well this is just "ice water." Say that and then show a number. Then it'll all make sense.BAKED cha su bao - You know, honestly, I don't know what the word for baked is in Canto, but if you wait around for the fried foods cart, this fellow will come around. It's a totally different experience from the steamed variety -- it's brown, it's slightly sweet on top, and salty all the same. Deliciousness.Dao fu fa - I think this literally means "tofu flowers," but it's essentially soft tofu that in a sweet ginger syrup. IT'S SO GOOD OMG OMG OMG. I seriously have cravings for this at least once a week. UGH.Nai wong bao - I don't even know what this is. It's a bun that has a yellow crust on top, and in the middle it has sweet yellow stuff inside. Whatever it's made out of, it's damn delicious.Daan hat - Those mini custard pies! I always love the flaky, flaky crust.Enjoy!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/9/2009,2/14/2010,64,120,14,9,8>It's difficult to write a review about another completely average Mexican chain restaurant, so I'll describe my meal in a haiku.Cheese in burritoThree cheese on top burritoBeans drowning in cheese
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2009,2/13/2010,38,82,34,36,21>I'm going to throw a stinking tantrum if I have to read one more review of a New Seasons that states it's "expensive".  From my experience, New Seasons has some super deals.  Between Trader Joes and New Seasons, I can get all my shopping done for a decent price.  My last trip:Exhibit A:  Oregon raised and grass fed antibiotic free sirloin:  $4.99/lb.  SMOKING DEAL.Exhibit B:  Nancy's yogurt on sale:  $0.69/each.  SMOKING DEAL.Exhibit C:  Lochmead Farms 1/2 Gallon Icecream:  $3.50.  SMOKING DEAL.Exhibit D:  1 Dozen Cage Free Antibiotic Free Eggs:  $1.99.  DECENT DEAL (Trader Joe's is slightly better).And the list can go on and on.  You don't come to a store like New Seasons to stock up on tons of canned goods and other useless shit.  Yeah, go to Winco for that (although I'd rather go to Fred Meyer).  But don't fucking tell me that you get more for your dollar at Winco for everything of the sort that I listed above.You can go to Winco and find Sirloin for $2.49/lb.  But it's jacked full of salt water to make it weigh twice as much.  So you pay half as much money for half as much meat.  And you get the prize of eating diseased beef.  You can go to Winco and pay $0.69 for corn syrup injected Yoplait (or insert other shitty brand here) yogurt. You can go to Winco and pay $2.00 for a dozen of penicillin brand dwarf eggs.YAY Winco, it's so much cheaper!  Killself.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,2/12/2010,273,418,16,20,13>(Hmmm...how have I not reviewed this place?  I was sure when I clicked review I was going to get a "follow-up")I have been to almost every SE breakfast joint now (I haven't given up the hunt for more, don't worry)  I find most all offer similarish food of similarish (I love that Yelp allows me to make up words, then abuse them) quality buuuuuut...What makes Utopia stand out is: the service.Seriously, the people here always make me smile and it just feels so friendly!  I was here about a week ago and a man (whom I'm assuming was probably the owner, but I don't really know for sure) was running the ENTIRE place by himself (yes, even cooking...everything) and doing an incredible job.The food is very good as well.  Unlike other places that seem to have the same boring specials every time you go, they are pretty unique here.  (I had "Texas Scramble" this morning with PULLED PORK, an ingredient I've never seen at any other breakfast place)  Almost everything comes with potatoes...you can get roasted potatoes or potato cakes...or...get ready...BOTH!  YES!  As an indecisive eater this is a huge victory for me!  (they are both very tasty too, by the way)They will also continue to give you coffee refills even after you have tabbed out, excellent.  I'm not a fan of the "get-the-heck-outta-here" stink-eye.And the only negative this place had was its lack of Secret Ardvark sauce, one of the tastiest hot sauces ever (that also happens to be made by a Portland company).  Well, that has now been fixed! SECRET ARDVARK FOR EVERYONE! (I don't get paid to say things like that, I swear)A word of warning: THEY ARE NOT OPEN ON MONDAYS.  Even though I know this well, I've still attempted to come here twice to cheer away a "case of the Mondays".  I yelled at you so you will succeed where I have failed.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2010,2/11/2010,240,523,26,22,20>You can almost do everything here but a "Fist Pump". Why not?1. The Ting Ting crowd will stare at you until you melt in shame. 2. If you're at a bar, you must know music. The music they play does not call for fist pumping unless your IQ is below sea level. 3. Seeing a cute girl does not merit a fist pump but a simple compliment. 4. The toilets needs scrub and pump not fist pump. 5. The happy hour until ten asks for good times and possibly more tips not fist pump.6. While the drinks are good almost strong, I don't hear or see any "woo girls". Enough to do a fist pump but not just quite yet.Maybe if I see a Woo-gar, then I could go and join her. When you're in Portland, this is a must place to go. Check them out. Check us out. Check me out. Peace.(No, I'm not from the Jersey Shore. I just got a whiff of the crowd at Dirrty.) I'll be back to my normal self later.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2009,2/10/2010,265,215,21,23,16>I've found the best pizza ever over here at Pyro Pizza. Let's break it down:They offer Follow Your Heart vegan cheese, which melts bee-you-tifully on their pizzas. It's a buck to sub it in, but if you sub it for the buffalo mozz on the margherita pizza, it's free! The crust is delicious, soft and chewy that's not too thin or too thick--it's just perfect.The 2 guys behind the counter were super nice. When I show up in a wig talking about how I'm in love with a stripper (I am. She was adorable!), I don't get any strange looks (that I noticed, anyway).Back to the pizza: I ordered a Margherita Pizza that came with olive oil, fresh basil leaves, and Follow Your Heart melty-cheese. I added caramelized onions and tofurky sausage. HEAVEN.   The pizza took around 8 minutes, and was gorgeous and melty and big enough for 2 people to share and only 10 bucks.  The sweet flavors of the basil and the caramelized onions complemented each other well, and the occasional bite of gooey cheesey FYH pretty much made me have about 5 mouthgasms.It's the best pizza I've ever had, and I'm not just saying that because I was swimming in vodka and had strip-club glow; this pizza is seriously amazing.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,2/9/2010,376,599,30,25,25>My memory may suffer from some harmful, er, colorful additives, but I'm sure I'm not alone when I say that I can hardly remember what the Fred Meyer on Hawthorne looked like before they started their massive remodeling project. As far as I'm concerned, the store has resembled a refugee camp for groceries forever. One week, the shampoos huddled like shell-shocked orphans next to the toys. The next week, it was like Fred Meyer had never even carried shampoo at all. The produce displays lay like an evacuated islands among stripped floorboards. You could have wrapped a scarf around your head, reached out your hands amidst all the rubble and hastily sorted goods, and cried, "My cat! My cat! Where has the Khmergulagenreich taken my cat?!?" It was amusing, but ultimately frustrating, especially since any shampoo could be easily located and purchased for cheaper at Walgreens down the street.But now that the store on Hawthorne appears to be in its preening, "grand re-opened" state, it's like a whole new universe of cupboard-filling and knick-knack acquirement has been ripped open for me to see. The first thing you see when you come in from the parking lot is a cartoon rendering of dearly departed Freddy Meyer himself (I would assume) kindly directing you to the entrance and not the exit. And the first thing you see, bourgeoisie drum roll please, is seasonal produce. Is this what it's like to be young in one of those former second world nations that are now just reaping some of the easy cash fixes of the free market without the history of the problems it creates? You can grab a magazine, a vendi latte from the Starbucks counter, and quietly chill out in the cafe area on the second level. It really is like Eastern Europe, but with fewer home raids!But it all comes down to the question of whether one should shop here or not. And that's a pretty difficult thing to determine, because given its location smack-dab in the middle of the Inner Southeast (if inner includes anything west of 82nd), you'll probably end up doing so at one point. And Freddy carries a product that may symbolize all the advantages and pitfalls of capitalism: The reclining outdoor chair with a footrest. Seriously, I want this so much it hurts. Bet my cat would love it, too. Has anyone seen my cat?
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,2/8/2010,23,44,6,9,8>Wow.  This place went way beyond my wildest expectations.  Paige C. and I just moved here and needed a new vet and we met Dr. Bussmann (Krissy) at the Mt. Tabor 100th anniversary celebration.  I called on a Monday and left a message to schedule an appointment (they's closed on Mondays since they open up on Saturdays).  They called as soon as they opened on Tuesday and put me down for an 11:45am slot.  So I arrive, and notice this place seems more like a spa than a vet's office.  Everything is super clean and has this calming effect.  Maybe it's the space/decor, maybe it's the people - but it's friggin' serene in there.  I had a migraine and felt terrible when I took our dog in.  The staff were understanding and were extremely patient whilst dealing with my lack of coherent-ness.  The nurse even gave me some peppermint tea to settle my stomach (which worked, btw).  When we went in to the exam room, I noticed the little white board outside the room had a welcome message just for Hercules, our Great Dane.  Inside, I can only describe the room as swank.  Yes, I'm talking about a vet's exam room.  I would've moved in (if I could afford the location).  The nurse was great and Krissy was very kind and comforting.  She knew her stuff and explained everything in great detail (including afterward when I called to ask a follow up question).  It was pretty cool seeing everything on a giant computer monitor (yes, they have electronic medical records) and I was given a clear run-down of all our options before deciding on how to proceed.  Since we were new customers, we got a canvas "eco-bag" tote as a gift.  That just put me over the top.  A personal welcome on the white board, the tea and the tote aren't necessarily going to make my dog's experience better, but it sure makes ME feel all warm and cozy inside.  With all these perks, I totally expected the bill to ridiculous, but it wasn't.  In fact, it was comparable to any other vet office.  Yup, we found our new vet.  Knowledgeable and caring staff, reasonable prices and a swank-ass office make Josh (and Hercules) happy boys.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,2/7/2010,225,201,5,15,8>Talk about a hole in the wall! Actually, it's a hole in the ceiling. Umma's (Mom's) is located on the second floor of Paldo World Asian Market in Beaverton. It's a hidden gem of down home Korean cookin'. As you make your way upstairs, you wouldn't imagine that a restaurant (if you can call it that) was up there next to the video rental. As you reach the top, you see a counter and maybe 8 tables. The two times I've been there, no other patrons in site. Just "umma" watching tv. She's very friendly and service is great. The dwaeji bulgogi (spicy pork) is really good and really spicy. It's tender and cooked with a lot of onions, just the way I like it. The jja jjang myun (black bean noodles) is much better than China Jade's in my opinion. They use fat noodles and they're always cooked just right. The sauce is very tasty with tons of veggies and big chunks of beef. I'm also sure there's no added MSG in this one. I'm suprised nobody has reviewed this place yet. Perhaps nobody knows about it because of it's location. But if you're in the mood for home cooked Korean food, you might want to put Umma's near the top of the list. Good food, good service, and good prices. What more could you ask for?
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,2/6/2010,126,304,15,11,10>Mom, I've fallen in love. I met him while at happy hour one day. He was just sitting there looking completely unapproachable, but then a waitress slipped me his stats. I looked it over & gave the waitress an interested wink and ordered me up all that he had to offer. We exchanged numbers and I gave him my card. His name was Henry. There's no doubt we will be seeing each other soon. This is one of the best happy hours in Portland. It is such an extensive menu with everything from pizza to sushi to burgers to crabcakes. All high quality & delish. To pair with the cheap food, there are so many beers on tap you can't even keep track. There is a happy hour everyday though it does get more crowded on Saturdays. Then, to top it all off, the bartenders and wait staff are the nicest around! Especially having to deal with all the orders for bar food and unaware/drunk people. This is where my bff, who was visiting, first said. Wow! People are really nice in Portland for no reason at all.We both ordered a honey-wheat beer from Washington, I think. We went all out with the food and got reuben rolls, orange chicken, gorgonzola fries, and mac & cheese. Since then, I've also had the burger and crabcakes. I think I may have had the hibachi salmon stack before too, but I was really too out of it to remember much.Crispy reuben rolls - $4 - crispy shell, salty corned beef, juicy sauerkraut, w/ 1000 island dressing & coleslawOrange chicken - $3 - crispy chicken in a sweet citrus-y glaze w/ jasmine riceGorgonzola fries - $3 - crunchy waffles fries smothered in creamy gorgonzola sauceMac & cheese - $3 - tender pasta in a creamy cheesy saucy...mmGrilled cheddar cheeseburger - $5 - juicy meaty burger with all the fixin's in a cheddar crusted bunSweet red pepper crab & seafood cakes - $4 - crab/seafoody pan seared to a crisp with a lightly dressed saladThe last time we went we sat behind an awkward wall facing the bar so it was hard to serve us. The bartender gave us a free beer for our wait. He was super nice about it and checked up on us even more than normal to make sure we were ok even though the place was packed.Yes, I will go possessive-new-girl-you're-dating on you, Henry, but not enough to not declare my love for you on Yelp.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2009,2/5/2010,122,144,14,15,15>Pok Pok Purgatory.  But in the best possible way.From mid November through the first of the year I pretty much live on calories that don't require utensils.  Drinks, finger foods, drinks, cookies, drinks, you get the gist.  Always scouting for places that have good cocktails with just enough solid food to keep me somewhat vertical, and the much-anticipated Whiskey Soda Lounge across from Pok Pok delivers in spades.Really nice, open space with lots of seating around the perimeter and at the bar, and four or five high tops down the middle.  Tonight (a Monday, the second soft open) was pretty easy to score seating, but Friday's are gonna be a bear.  Matchbox Lounge has reaped the benefits of the Pok Pok wait for the past three years, and Andy Ricker made a smart move opening a place next door to bleed off that business, but I suspect that Matchbox will still do fine, even with the competition.      It's pretty clear that most of the crowd here is wait-listed at Pok Pok, but there were at least a few tables (like us) that came to the Whiskey Soda Lounge for the main event.  Tonight that meant the fabulous Tamarind Whiskey Sour first tried at Ping, and the Hunny, an up cocktail with drinking vinegar, tequila, lime and grapefruit juice.  Both outstanding.Munchies included the spiced roasted red peanuts, curry dipped and fried pumpkin with peanut sauce, and ever-famous Pok Pok chicken wings.  Pumpkin was pretty good, a little bland on its own but a perfect vehicle for the spicy sauce and paired with the roasted peanuts made for an interesting sweet/salty/crunchy/mealy (again, in a good way) taste pop.  The chicken wings were amazing as always, but when they're paired with the pickled carrots and daikon and cilantro they're otherworldly.  As with so many of Ricker's creations, the genius is in the flavor/texture combinations.Ping opened with too much fanfare, and the seams showed.  Keeping this open low-key was smart, as there are still some bumps in this road... twice the wrong food was brought to our table, and there seemed to be some confusion about who was waiting for Pok Pok and who was there for WSL.  Our server (Casey) was outstanding though, and I'm sure the problems will be ironed out over the next couple of weeks.  Anywhere else, this would be a five star review.  But for better or worse, Andy Ricker has taken this game to a new level and this isn't five star yet.  That said, he was in the kitchen tonight, and with that kind of hands-on oversight it's hard to imagine what's broken won't be fixed.  We'll be back looking for that fifth star.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,10/28/2014,54,209,3,9,7>Off for a visit at the Good Food Here carts? Let me explain why Tuk Tuk should be your first choice...Tuk Tuk, the lot's newest addition, offers authentic Indian street food. "Authentic?" you question. "How is this any different than all the other PDX Indian places?"Trust me, I'm a fan of Portland Indian food, but this cart blows all the other places out of the water. The owners (originally from India) were incredibly friendly and explained that many local places serve coconut-milk based curries, which is different than authentic Indian street food. Giving Tuk Tuk a try lets you experience a different type of Indian food!I had the Butter Chicken Thali (chicken cooked in a butter and tomato base gravy) and Ben tried the Palar Paneer Thali (spinach puree cooked with Indian cottage cheese). Both dishes came with dal, curry, rice, popadum, salad, green chutney, and naan. Such a variety of food and flavors for only $10! I also had a Mango Lassi. Everything was delicious. The chicken curry was a good level of spiciness for me. I would describe it as a medium level of spice. The spinach dish seemed a bit less spicy. I loved dipping the popadum in the green chutney...I think there was mint in there...so good! I came starving and was stuffed by the end of the meal. I know that choosing a food cart can be a difficult feat, especially in our city, but Tuk Tuk makes the choice easy. Check it out, Portland...you won't be disappointed.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,10/27/2014,18,191,8,5,5>I'm kinda clueless as to how this place can be sitting so low on the rating. I know it has a 4, but this place is delicious. I've been here a ton, it got me through many a winter weekend day. Warm coffee, macaroon from next door, and watching the rain. Also probably re-reading Asterios Polyp because every time I do I walk away feeling different. Anyway. First thing you should know is that this place has great coffee. Portland great, not just like, "Oh I was in Vancouver and this cute house was opened up into a coffee shop and they had a good cuppa joe (wink wink)." This coffee is the business regardless of the ambience or service. I would drink it out of an old boot probably. Well I mean, if you gave me 5 bucks. Here is a story about when I didn't drink coffee out of a boot:Picture me rollin. I'm chillin like a villain, waiting for my coffee at the awesome bar setup. That bar is one of my favorite things, that and the roaster. Gimmicky maybe, but I fell for it. I'm sitting there pondering how much I would come here if it weren't for this seating arrangement / roaster combo when the counter guy taps me on the shoulder and says, "This cup of coffee took longer to make than I personally feel comfortable charging you for, please take this card for a free coffee to make up for it." I hadn't even noticed the time going by, it was a pretty reasonable time to wait and suddenly free coffee. I love it when people have personal standards, so I keep coming back. If something like that matters that much to them, the coffee probably gets even better treatment. Great coffee, nice setup (not the BEST place to chill admittedly, but I like it), and great customer service. You might not think you deserve those things, you're wrong. Turn on your webcam, and do some self-affirmations. Done? Good. Grab some money and head out. Or you know what, maybe don't grab money. You're super hot, and amazing, go charm that barista out of some coffee. Open up your heart, and they'll give you theirs.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,10/26/2014,69,136,5,8,7>We have lived in the Pearl for two and a half years. How in the world did we not discover TILT until just recently? What a freaking cool place!!! Do yourself a favor and just order the big thing of fries that come smothered in gravy. We ordered way too much food, and while it was fantastic, the fries would have been plenty for our table of 4. If you feel like a lame-sauce weirdo who doesn't like fries, get the brisket, it was superb. I cannot wait to go back to TILT later this week, it kicks some major @$$.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,10/25/2014,38,131,3,5,7>I was assaulted last month.I owe a debt of gratitude to Bob, and the owners of the past, for giving me the strength to overcome my attacker. Always, the members assisted me in questions I needed to pursue a solid regimen of strength training. Free weights teach balance. The machines are more muscle specific. No frills. No prancing. Just honest iron tossing. Although it has been several years since I have been here, these guys saved my life.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/24/2014,61,111,6,11,7>One of the greatest benefits of living in Portland is finding small restaurants that are owned by people who are passionate about what they do. Angel food and fun is one great example of just that. The dining area is a small place with a few tables.   They are connected to what seems like a bar/tavern. As you walk up to the counter to order your food there is a sign stating to please be patient as everything is made fresh and to order.  (We never waited very long for our food)We ordered "Panuchos". Fried crisp handmade tortillas topped with lettuce; pickled cabbage; pickled red onions; tomato; avocado; jalapeño with your choice of chicken or beef. There is a ring of retried beans sitting right on the edge of the whole tortilla too. Wow amazing taste with all the flavors melding together. The retried beans add a nice earthiness to the dish. Next was the "Salbutos". Almost the same as the Panuchos without the retried beans. Again great flavors  Of course had to order a pulled pork taco. Perfect spices; savory and tender. Last but not least was the chicken burrito. Chicken; lettuce; rice; black beans; cheddar cheese and guacamole. Simple ingredients but so perfectly balanced.  As some other reviewers have said, probably one of the best chicken burritos I have ever ate.  So 6 items for 23 bucks including tip!  Wow!  Great food; nice people and great prices!
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,10/23/2014,72,108,4,10,7>I've passed by this place since '08 and always wanted to try it out, but was skeptical until now!!!I LOVE THIS PLACE! It's a single woman barber and it'll only cost you $10 bucks! I showed her a picture off my phone of the cut I wanted and within 15 minutes, I walked away with the perfect haircut that, so far, in all my years of traveling here to there for a cheap cut, I realized that the perfect barber was in front of my eyes all along. Walk-ins are welcome and you can make an appointment if on a time constraint, plus appointments get first priority, but remember she can do a perfect cut in 15 minutes! I'll definitely be back! Also, she dry cuts, which I wish more barbers would do... dry cutting lets you see instant results and only true barbers master this technique! She knows her sh*t!*It's the small building right past the liquor store that's next to Barbur World Food's. FYI, If you're going in expecting a certain cut-bring a picture of the cut out of a magazine/cell phone/newspaper and results will have a better outcome for the look you're going for. After the last barber I went to gave me a bowl cut I decide to finally take a picture of what I was going for. Why did it take so long to figure this out?.FAST & FRIENDLY SERVICE!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2014,10/22/2014,73,119,9,14,12>Did you ever think four dollars could buy an hour of pure bliss...legal or illegal? :-)Well I am here to say that it can. I just spent an awesome hour at the Ground Kontrol Classic Arcade. I must preface by saying that the Arcade has a very special place in my memory. My Dad used to take me all the time when I was little. We would play all kinds of Video Games and it was an affordable way for a proud member of the NYPD to spend some time with his son.I walked into Ground Kontrol and it all came flooding back. The first thing was the music. I was greeted by "Goodbye Horses" and I thought that was the highlight. This was followed by The Cure, The Smiths, Joy Division, and many other bands I love.The place is dark and loud (just the way it should be). All my memories were here!  Pac-Man, Ms. Pac-Man, Robotron, Frogger, Dragon's Lair, and so many others. I could have almost cried. I was so tempted to look for my dad but didn't. Not finding him would have ruined this awesome experience.The games are only a quarter per play. That is unbeatable. I wish I could share this with my own children. If you are a 40 something and share this period fondness,  you have to come. You will be missing something very special.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,10/21/2014,107,149,3,8,5>Ah...trendy third street...this has really become the kings road or perhaps a bit of Sloane Square of Portland....shiny cars, shiny people, and shiny tourists.  We love them all...Especially the Jo Bar and RotisserieWith so many choices along 23rd the one I keep coming back to is Jo Bar....With few full bar and restaurant choices available in PDX before 4pm this place should be on everyone's short list for a great relaxing weekend day hang.The waitstaff is efficient and friendly and you have a beverage in hand within  minutes....a full bar .They offer both full and happy hour menu(4-6pm)If there is anything on the menu which is a must have?  Try the Pate with tapenade..a great portion served with crostini and pickles....awesomeI also love this place for the very un PDX atmosphere ..it could be somewhere in Europe let alone in NYC.  Get a table by the window...enjoy the people watching, a glass of Prosecco, and dont forget the Pate'
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/20/2014,160,387,5,8,7>Yes, this is as good as it gets!  Needing a massage is not a good thing but if it led me to Bree then I guess it was meant to be.  She is a special person who really knows what she is doing. I am sure that she does not give the same massage to everyone, I have the distinct feeling that she really provides you with what you and your body need.I hurt my back a few weeks ago and have been seeing a wonderful Chiropractor and my Acupuncturist for treatment.  My back was getting better but my body was crying out for a massage.  Let's face it, I was out of whack, walking funny, sitting awkwardly and finding it difficult for my body to rest and be comfortable. My search criteria:I wanted to find some place close to the Sylvania PCC/Lake Oswego Hills area where I was staying. I wanted someone who would understand that my body was feeling a bit bruised and battered but wouldn't try to fix my back specifically, rather, the massage would be a part of the healing process.I wanted someone who had consistently stellar reviews.I found it all with Bree.  Bonus points because there was a nice coupon here on Yelp for new clients.The location might be a bit harder to find if you are not a local in the area but I have been telling my friends that it is well worth the drive and any trouble they might have to find it if they want an amazing massage from a wonderful person.My budget makes getting a massage a special treat, but the next time I decide to book one, I am booking it with Bree and I can't wait!
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,10/19/2014,196,280,6,11,13>My eyelashes are straight as all get out. They're long & they grow straight down. I never had a problem with the way they looked until I was teased about it in elementary school. Kids can be so cruel sometimes. Ever since then I've been self conscious of how my eyes look. I didn't discover the eyelash curler until several years later & since then I haven't left the house without applying mascara & curling them first.I heard about eyelash perming awhile ago but never thought to research it further until I came upon Katrina W.'s five-star review for Midori Lashes. One of the services I found that Midori provides is eyelash perming & for an amazing price of just $35. I recommend it to anyone looking to temporarily lay to rest their eyelash curler or for those looking for that extra beautiful curl to their lashes.The whole process takes about 30 min & for the most part it's very relaxing. I say for the most part because at one point when you're just about to drift asleep you'll suddenly be awakened by an unpleasant odor of what smells like rotten eggs. One of the applications has that distinct odor & it's quite strong but it passes quickly. The rest of the session is fragrance free. The first time I did the eyelash perm it lasted about five weeks. This is one to two weeks longer than most clients I've read about online & it's the cheapest rate I've found in PDX. Win Win!I've had both the J & C curl perm now & for my lengthy lashes the J curl looks the best. My soon-to-be MIL has short lashes & the C curl perm was recommended over the J, & her lashes look really great. We were both very happy & satisfied with the results.Midori is very kind & takes a lot of pride in her work. She corresponds through email & text so it's easy to get a hold of her as needed. Her studio & two rooms are very peaceful & private which makes it even more relaxing. We have plans to return for another perming in the near future as well as eyelash tinting for the MIL. I can't get enough of my curled lashes & hopefully my positive experience has helped with your decision to try out the many, successful services Midori offers.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,5/6/2012,434,336,10,16,12>If you have read many of my reviews, you will know that I am hopelessly addicted to our outstanding coffee micro-roasters in town. When I'm traveling for work, I have to settle for Starbuck's, Peete's, or Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf. It's a bummer.I had tried Water Avenue at my local coffee bar, Coffee Time, and purchased a bag at Whole Foods when I was too busy to go to Coava or other brick & mortar roaster. I have walked past it on the way to Bunk Bar as well, but hadn't stopped. Scoutmob has a deal for Water Avenue, and I was low on beans at home. Perfect opportunity.I was greeted by a very pleasant, knowledgeable, and helpful barista. We bantered a bit about the flavor notes I look for in a coffee. She made several suggestions, let me look them over, and made sure that I knew she was happy to answer any further questions. I appreciate that kind of service, since we have a few coffee shops that can be more aloof. The space was cozy, with many people working on their laptops or reading. I could spend an afternoon there doing the same.I am currently sipping their Rwanda Kigeyo, and couldn't be happier with my choice.
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,5/5/2012,196,280,12,15,11>I have an idea of what Hell may feel like & I don't care for it. Not that I planned on taking up residence there but pretty sure the devil would adore Lemongrass if it got tired of being down below. I can't imagine what spicy 10 is like but spicy three is still hurting several hours later.Are you deciding to eat here? Ask yourself this question. Do I want to taste my food? If no then order three or higher spice & you're guaranteed profuse sweating, fire burning lips, burnt taste buds, churning stomach & possibly tears. Doesn't sound appealing? Okay. Understandable. I suggest zero or up to two on the level & you should leave with your belly filled & a smile of satisfaction. Me? I left with an aching, mostly empty stomach, a full bladder & burning lips. Mostly empty because I couldn't eat even a quarter of the meal. Full bladder because I drank a whole pitcher of water (my mother would be so proud).The $11 pad kee mao is alright once you get passed the spice but Baiyok Thai Cuisine is still hands down the best place in the city for pad kee mao. Lemongrass rules as the spiciest but lacks greatly on how the dish is prepared. Mostly wide noodles with lots of chicken but ony a couple pieces of basil, onion & egg. Not exaggerating here people. This is not the pad kee mao I'm used to getting every time I hit up a Thai restaurant.Service was superb at the beginning but went downhill some after we ordered. The owner had the two of us order before the large group ahead of us to avoid waiting. Nice. Unfortunately we had to make up that time by waiting close to 30 min for our food to get boxed up & receive our change. At least he was friendly & appreciative of our business.I'll definitely return to try a curry or a different noodle dish but level two is the max. Hell just isn't for me.**CASH ONLY**
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2012,5/4/2012,1295,556,5,11,10>This store is so Portland! And this store is one you take your time walking through and taking everything in. A huge collection of interesting and unique finds with piles of excellent French perfumes. Several years ago I became addicted to Tokyo Milk perfume while shopping at a favorite place at the coast. Well, for years...freaking YEARS, I have had to wait to restock my perfume when I visit the beach. Then I found Flutter which carries my beloved fragrance for a great price. I dropped on by towards closing and was chatting with the lovely lady at the register who was super friendly and even gave me a perfume name recommendation based on which perfume I use! I snuggled the adorable grey kitty who guards their store and love the fact that they adopted him from the Humane Society as a rescue. I even found several things on their clearance table that were fantastic deals. I will be back for certain.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,5/3/2012,207,465,6,12,9>As I rule, I somewhat cringe when coming to places like these. I'm not a very 'fancy place' kinda person and I quickly get uneasy when entering, usually expecting a death glare from a server who can easily sense that I'm out of my element for sure. I mean really, the Pearl kind of scares me, how silly. That being said, ISK was nothing like that. I was meet some fellow Yelpers for First Thursday so I squared my shoulders and marched in. This place is fantastic! From the moment I walked in, I was OK with it. I love the layout - couches, a fireplace, a lovely laid out bar and plenty of places to sit. I got there around the tail end of the HH and it was already getting pretty busy. I was inclined to get my usual - beer - but dangit, this place has some fancy cocktails so I had to indulge. I have to say my first real foray into artisan cocktails was a total success. Though I didn't totaly understand what some of the elements were (absinthe rinse, que?!), it all added up to yummy. I even had a gin drink (I don't like gin, it smells like Christmas trees!) and was amazed to find I loved it. Well done, ISK!I didn't partake too heavily in the food, but I did get their mac & cheese off the happy hour menu. Flavorful, well cooked and just freaking tasty. That bodes well for the rest of the menu and I surely want to come back for dinner - crab chower, yes PLEASE.Last - service was superb. We had people trickling in and never once did the waitress seem to be irritated at the volatility of our group. She was absolutely pleasant, attentive and always made sure you had a drink in front of you if you needed one. That's my kind of service! Not overbearing, but you always know you can get what you need pretty quickly.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,5/2/2012,376,599,20,22,18>Here I am, popping out of the Yelp lurkdom woodwork, just like an absentee parent with presents from the Dollar Tree and a tidy story about the whereabouts of my last child support check. Well, not really like that. Seriously, pay your child support, people.But I thought it was worth it to interrupt my online radio silence because I want to break a curse. In the years I've lived in my apartment, the storefront at 55th Avenue and Burnside has hosted a revolving door of cafes. No matter what they were named and who manned the counters, the restaurants always served coffee and sometimes baked goods with a low-key energy. They all disappeared months after each other, and the storefront sat unoccupied. When I walked past to the grocery store and back, I wondered what the cause could be. The rent? Its relatively obscure location next door to a nursing home? Was it after we moved here and the store owners, even the future ones, literally closed the windows and taped down the glass doors and huffed, "There goes the neighborhood?"Regardless of the origins of the curse, with A.N.D. Cafe setting up shop in the storefront and opening its doors to the public today, I want that bad mojo out of town. Of course, I'm biased. I want any business within walking distance, especially ones that give me coffee, to thrive. I want the A.N.D. Cafe's owners, Ashley and Dan from the excellent Off the Griddle cart, to do well and continue their mission of serving delectable vegetarian and vegan foods to the city. Does this cafe have what it takes to pull ahead and be the Boston Red Sox instead of the Chicago Cubs?One significant sign that the answer is affirmative: Ashley's blue corn waffles. They come with either apples and walnuts or bananas. They somehow manage to be vegan and gluten-free, if that's important to you. They're made with these steampunk-era waffle irons that Ashley says are between 50 and 60 pounds each. And they're amazing. Split one order with a friend, unless you really dislike your friend. Then send 'em to QFC for Eggos. If there's more room in your stomach, A.N.D. Cafe also serves breakfast sandwiches, paninis, and salads. The series of messy breakfast sandwiches is cool because pesto tofu can be used in place of eggs in some dishes, and whether you lean more veghead or, like me, flexatarian, there's nothing like a large, runny open-faced sandwich with bottomless mugs of Cellar Door Coffee on a day packed full of lounging plans. The name might be kind of awkward, but I want A.N.D. to end the unlucky streak. A.N.D. (har) you can help!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,5/1/2012,165,17,12,21,17>This is the first Pho Hung location ever opened. They now have other locations on 82nd, in Beaverton, Vegas and Vietnam (they operate under a different name outside of Oregon). This location's interior is older and not as nice but the food tastes the same.What I usually order here:- Banh Mi Bo KhoBeef stew and baguette for dipping. A small comes with 1 baguette and a large with 2. -Mi Bo Kho Beef stew with egg noodles.-Bun Bo Hue with meatballs only A spicy beef broth based (bolder than Pho) soup with thick rice noodles. I substitute the usual pork feet and blood for meatballs.$7.25 for a small and $7.75 for a large, for all the above listed items [Update: prices are slightly higher at the 82nd location and the Beaverton location closed down]I have yet to find a place with better Bo Kho. The consistency is perfect - not too thick nor too watery. The ingredients are cut chunkily but are tender:  beef chuck, carrots, potatoes, and onions. To garnish, I add bean spouts, mint leaves, sliced jalapenos and at least 2 wedges of freshly squeezed lime juice. I highly recommend it. Very satisfying. So good my mouth is getting watery as I type.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,4/30/2012,58,56,7,10,8>Instead of playing dress-up with friends or with Barbies, my favorite pass time as a child was sneaking the tiny screwdriver from my mother's glasses repair case to dismantle electronic toys. I don't know why wires, tiny little lights, and batteries were so fascinating to me, but they were and I became so focused on them that I completely missed the "fashion" lessons that were imbedded in the girly toys of my youth. To this day, I still don't know what basic clothing items one should have in their wardrobe or when not to wear white.  I do however know if it fits, is comfortable, and doesn't look god awful I will probably get it. I also know the mall is a scary place to flounder, so if I have to shop, I go to boutiques like Zahara.To no really surprise, what brought me into Zahara was a spotting of shiny objects glimmering from the window (some things never change). The boutique has no shortage of shinys as jewelry daintily dangles around the shop.  You will find a display here, another display there, and even some paired with outfits for the fashion impaired like myself.  Much like the jewelry you will also find pods of accessories such as socks, belts, scarves, lotions, soaps, etc throughout the shop.  My favorite finds in Zahara happen to be the spunky assortment of shoes as well as quirky coats, sweatshirts, and sweaters. Most of the stuff can be dressed up or down (or so I've been told) and has a pretty "unique" style.  My most treasured purchase thus far has been a cozy solid teal sweatshirt with funky ruffled pockets and a ginormous hood ready to combat the Portland rain.  You definitely need to try stuff on because the sizes run all over the board.  I found stuff that fit me ranging from extra small the large.  I suppose it just kind of depends on the style of the piece.  Thankfully they have a nice spectrum.  In addition to carrying the standard small to large sizes they also carry what they call "curvy couture" which is noted by the numbers 1, 2, and 3 (size 1 = approx. 8-12, size 2 = approx. 12-14, and size 3 = approx 14 & up).  If you find something that you like and it's not in your size, double check with one of the friendly and super helpful ladies working.  They have a sister store, Gypsi Chic that is two doors down which has many similar outfits and they will check almost instantly if you like. Between the two shops, this one definitely seems to have more coats (at least in the winter), accessories, and shoes...which is three less areas I have to pretend to know about!  I know Zahara has my back and can help me pull of being the twenty-some-year-old girl I'm suppose to be so I can go my merry way teaching myself simple code.  Not as shiny as my childhood pastimes, but just as fun!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,4/29/2012,56,145,13,13,11>Yes I posted a picture of the Broad St Bomber when there is already one here.Yes I waited 10 minutes for a sammich when there was no one else ordering at SUAE.Yes it was hot, gooey, messy, and awesome!Yes I debated over the BSB and the Meatball.Yes I will come back and order the Meatball.Yes I only ate half the sammich, took it home and ate the other half for lunch the next day.How many "Yes's" is that??  Add about 4 billion more "Yes's" and you begin to understand my first experience at SUAE.Regarding the second half of the sammich, what I did is this:  1)  Remove from fridge and scoop all sammich innards onto a small oven safe dish2)  Set oven on low broil and let innards heat up slowly, turning every couple of minutes.3)  Place bread in microwave, covered with a wet paper towel.  Heat for ~20 seconds.4)  Replace now warm innards into now soft and warm bread and enjoy as if you were still at the cart.Go.  Eat.  Shut up.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2011,4/28/2012,637,638,11,8,8>Once I get my pajamas on it's rare that I'll return to normal clothes for the evening. When my boyfriend mentioned to me that his friends were at Alibi I don't think he had any idea I would rally for the occasion. One thought of a previous visit which featured me singing R & B, being booty grinded, all while a staff member politely asks one of our party to stop dancing on the table and I was out of my PJs in a hot flash. What I had forgotten was that past evenings spent at Alibi had been heavily alcohol laden. When I walked in I thought to myself, " I have never been to this place". Alibi is a tiki bar, to be quite frank even drunk this particular theme is a little overpowering for my pallet. I settled down in the main lounge with a nice view of the stage. What I witnesses was a mid 30's ladies night gone wild. The difference between chopsticks and Alibi is the quality of singers. Chopsticks is where the Pros go to die. Alibi on the other hand is strictly fun. I happen to like the ole' pros rather then three girls screaming together into a microphone.  Not that any of this is a bad thing, you just have to be in the right frame of mind for The Alibi. It is great for parties; in fact that's what I saw the most of. You can make reservations to ensure a space that accommodates the size of your party. Service is on point even though the place is filled to the brim. You'll wait about an hour on a busy night for your song, but only a few minutes for your drink to be filled, so weight the options as you see fit. For me I'd say it is a bit too chaotic to enjoy.  I prefer The Hutch, or wherever BabyKetten happens to be that evening which is by far the best karaoke in town. Should you find yourself at Alibi, proceed with caution..or shit loads of alcohol.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2011,4/27/2012,18,98,5,7,5>Down in Montavilla-land, there are two great restaurants which almost always involve a bit of a wait for a table. I have discovered the perfect way to ease the boredom (sans alcohol) and burn a few calories: Take a short stroll 2 blocks west to Pastrygirl to stock up on treats for dessert. And as it turns out, I have an addiction to PG's Snickerdoodle sandwich-cookies with vanilla-cream filling that only my Girl can satisfy.So, as usual, last night I wandered down to see my Girl and get my Snick-Fix, and some Peanut Butter sandwich-cookies for my homies, only to discover (horror!) there were no more Snicks in the display. While my Girl worked on her creations in the back, her front-guy approached me and asked me what he could get me.  I asked, with genuine sadness mixed with a tinge of quivering desperation that only an addict can relate to, "You're out of Snickerdoodles?""Oh," said the front-man, "we actually we have more in the back. Just give me a minute to get them ready for you." Sweet redemption! Off he went to the secret stash; and a few minutes later I was strolling along Stark with my Snicks, happy and content in the knowledge that the perfect dessert was in the bag. I'm proud to say that I restrained myself from eating them before dinner, which entitles me to be in denial about my Snick-abuse problem. This denial will surely keep me in the same Stark orbit for a long time to come.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2010,6/10/2010,48,125,21,11,16>If zombies ever start roaming Portland, I will head to this cart. Do you know why? The people who run it seem as if they would be totally kickass zombie-fighters. They are really nice people, very friendly... but you get the feeling that when the zomb-pocalypse comes raining down, they will be ready to batten the hatches and wield an axe like nobody's business!And then they would make you a life-giving, fantastically delicious grilled chicken panini with fresh spinach, sweet sundried tomato paste, and melty, melty cheese...And they would play awesome music while they were doing it. And you would want them to adopt you, even if you were 47. (Not that I'm 47... just sayin'.)So yeah... these guys rock. But remember, you can't rush made-to-order food, so be prepared to wait for 10-15 minutes while they grill it up from scratch. Enjoy the music and the bustle of cart commerce.And if the zombies come, you're already in the right place.** AAGH! I almost forgot. The first time I came here, it was winter and raining coldly all around me. They gave me a free cup of awwwwwesome, hot minestrone soup while I was waiting. That is just SO NICE. It kinda made my day actually. Such NICE, loving zombie-killers they are! **
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,6/9/2010,70,153,10,11,12>I'm not in the mood to describe the place to you. I am sure someone has done it already. This place has some great burgers. The staff is awesome, and so are the people who eat here. We went with a group of people and my husband ordered the double jumbo with cheese (not on the menu), as suggested by a friend. He's not one to back down from a challenge, so of course, he had to eat the whole thing. True story, on the last few bites of his burger people noticed he was struggling. They started chanting his name. I am not kidding you by the end of his last bite the whole place was chanting his name. He had biker dudes and random people coming up to him all evening congratulating him on his manly eating abilities. That alone deserves 5 stars even if the burgers sucked, but luckily, for his sake, they're delicious.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,6/8/2010,532,371,8,17,15>"Could we get a few small cups to drink the broth?" This was John and I on mop up duty, nearly full but still contemplating the last remnants of the Cioppino. The other seven members of our family-style feast paused, pacing themselves for dessert (or in some cases just trying to remain conscious after already consuming eight delightful courses). Such is the way of things at Cabezon, seafood market-by-day, lick-your-dish-clean-restaurant-by-night. Cabezon, while sounding vaguely ancient Mesopotamian, has (according to the menu) two meanings. 1: a Pacific coastal predatory Scorpion fish 2: stubborn and bullheaded (Spanish). To this I'll add a third definition, 3: an under-the-radar PDX eatery dishing out creative flavor focused properly prepared fresh seafood. Open only since January Cabezon's a buzzworthy addition to our vibrant local food scene. Props to head chef/owner David Farrell, lovely wine-maven/owner Jackie Speck, and their affable staff for creating a warm, jellyfish-pendant-light accentuated setting perfect for enjoying their daily evolving coastal cuisine.Sipping an 07 Louis Latour ( not to be confused with Bordeaux 1st growth Chateau Latour, who's grand vin I only drink during extended periods of REM sleep), I sat for a moment appreciating the hours of sips, slurps, sniffs, and contemplation Jackie put in to creating Cabezon's wine list (which displays a depth and breadth not usually found in a restaurant of this size). Don't know what to order, just ask, she won't steer you wrong.Agreeing to dine family style (really the way to go) the nine of us put ourselves at chef David's mercy. The result:1 amuse bouche4 appetizers3 entrees5 desserts9 foodie friends who woke up still full the next day.$26/person (no joke, note though that having more people means you can try more items, had we only four we wouldn't have had as much variety). For those willing to be adventurous and share, this is an amazingly affordable way to experience a restaurant. -amuse-Chive blinis with wild salmon caviar and crème fraiche-apps-House made Pate with crostini, cornichons, pickled pears and onionsBibb salad with candied pecans, crispy shallots and Bleu D'Auvergne vinaigretteBasil wrapped gulf shrimp with apricot almond chutney and tagerinesMediterranean mussels with Borlotti beans, Spanish chorizo, fries and rouille-entrees-Cioppino with white gulf shrimp, Dungeness crab, clams, local fish, calamari and musselsGrilled Walu with a chickpea and artichoke ragout, wild Washougal greens and Calabrian chiliesSmoked Pork tenderloin with Belgian endive gratin, heirloom carrots and stone ground mustard sauce-desserts-Ginger cake with Meyer lemon mousse and huckleberriesCallebaut Belgian chocolate pot de cremeLavender and honey creme bruleeAnjou Pear crisp with house made vanilla ice cream and caramelRuby red grapefruit granite with Hornitos tequilaWhile fresh, innovative, unfussy, savory, and cooked just right describe the meal as a whole, the level of detail put into each dish impressed. We mulled over each component while simultaneously enjoying the sum of the parts. Having grown up eating ikura nigiri (salmon roe over nori wrapped sushi rice), the blinis offered a different taste and textural setting for one of my favorite foods.The housemade Pate made believers of those who don't usually partake while its pickled accompaniments sparked a series of DIY discussion. The Bleu D'Auvergne vinaigrette turned a common lettuce wedge into something uncommonly tasty and the gulf shrimp surprised with their flaky phyllo dough wrappers.  The Pork arrived tender and juicy, leading us to believe they were brined. Coming from Honolulu I'm more often disappointed than impressed with fish dishes, not the case with the David's grilled Walu-cooked all the way through, but ridiculously moist, many at our table felt like it didn't even need the lovely sauce that topped it. The Cioppino, one of those dishes that I find difficult not to order whenever I see it on a menu, made me not want to share for a moment. Following a table reset, appetites returned (note mine never left) as a sampling of each of the menu's five desserts appeared. Picture quality drops off big time here as we dove in spoon first, forgoing any compositional waiting periods (can you blame us?).  While I agree with our tables consensus enjoyment of the variety, I could have easily finished the Pear crisp or the Chocolate pot de crème by myself. Others revealed in the refreshing tang of the tequila tinged grapefruit granite.All in all, an EPIC dinner, punctuated by first rate service and pacing. This is the perfect time to try Cabezon, the kitchen and servers are rocking it, the seafood's fresh, the food's reasonably priced, and the word's just starting to get out. see bit.ly/dcaG2I for my unabridged blog post with better pictures
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,6/7/2010,276,315,16,16,16>Firstly, the bartender who goes by the moniker Pendelton-- as if she were an overpriced yet uncannily comfortable blanket-- was awesome.  It was Black Friday and the place was puh-to-the-acked.  But she never missed a beat.  No one had to wait more than a couple of minutes before being noticed and served by Ms. Bartender of the Year.  Plus she was hot in a dominatrix kind of way.  Perhaps I should've just come out with that from the start.Secondly, if you're looking for a weekend spot that has a good vibe, with a clientele as eclectic as the Bionic 6, then this is the bar for you.  There were hipsters hanging out with douchebags; prom queens hobnobbing with the granola girls-- it was John Lennon's "Imagine" personified.  The sight of it nearly brought a tear to my right eye.  I probably wouldn't come here to eat, though.  We only tried their chicken wings and it was okay in an oh-my-god-just-take-this-plate-away-from-me kind of way.  Thank goodness I was a little hungry.  The rest of the menu looks interesting and I might give their munchies at least one more try.  But if the chicken wings were any indication, I should probably just get my Tiger Bar on for the booze.And, as long as Pendelton is working, I'll definitely keep coming back.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,6/6/2010,53,263,14,15,13>I can't help but think, "Why is it bad to steal from babies again?" while coveting the adorable plushie dinosaur conga line in this well stocked toy store.  You see, doesn't everyone need a squishy, brightly colored dino entourage trailing behind them on their best & worst days?  Think of all those mind-numbing meetings, nerve-wracking appointments, & not to mention exquisitely painful encounters of the worst kind (you know what I'm talking about) where a quick squish & snuffle are needed.  Security blankets & woobies be damned, all the cool toddlers are toting otter finger puppets cuz plushies are the new mink.  And when it's too cold & damp to brave the outdoors, that Planet Earth polar bear 1000 piece puzzle is tempting if not outright cruel--there's only so many shades of white these cataract filled eyes can discern, ya know?  Which reminds me, my fossilized B-day is coming up so let's get that dino conga line going.  Nothing like getting uncomfortably close to another decade to bring out your inner snugglebunny.  Oh & yes, they have those creepy life-like baby dolls that perform all sorts of repulsively realistic bodily functions for all your Charles Lee Ray-fueled nightmares iconsoffright.com/images
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2009,6/5/2010,123,89,8,9,9>oh/Gelato/oh/Shakerato/oh/Sorbetto/oh/RistrettoSpella's espresso is a unique treat in a town flooded with citrus and chocolate. (If you've had your tongue soaked in Black Cat or Hairbender you know what I'm talking about) My quest for a savory espresso has been satisfied. Can we talk cloves? Woodspice? Smoked Brisket? Maybe in a low voice. There are children present. When you combine this with sweet creamy milk. . . toes. They curl. Andrea and his trusty sidekick Amanda(?) are as sweet as the gelato they dish out. They make me feel like an old friend coming for a visit. This level of service goes beyond just smiling and nodding. They are excited to make you coffee.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2009,6/4/2010,69,102,10,10,9>For my honey's recent 40th birthday, we decided to try Bamboo Sushi. The idea of sustainable fish and the pictures I saw online made it appeal to me. Upon entering, I immediately noticed the space. Very dark furniture and walls with dim lighting, which made it feel calm. The drinks were incredible. We sampled most of the specialty martinis and had a sweet sake that's served in a shot glass inside of a box. I've no better way to describe it, other than that it was cold and delicious. The food was excellent. So much flavor, and some of the rolls we are accustomed to getting tasted different at Bamboo. Even their chopsticks are good looking. So good looking, I swiped them. Terrible, I know... Sorry Bamboo.  I will definitely go back here, and not just to steal more chopsticks, but to spend another $100+ on dolphin safe rolls and sweet libations.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,6/3/2010,45,71,7,8,8>I wish Meat Cheese Bread were my kitchen, so that when I wake up in the morning and scratch my behind while pouring cat food into Nadju's bowl, I could turn around and find those awful nice people smiling at me and encouraging me to order.I like that you're not going to find garden-variety breakfast and lunch here, and there's no pretension when the guy behind the counter gently recommends the green bean sandwich. Green bean sandwich?! You just have to trust it. It works.The menu changes according to what's available, with sandwiches and salads and inventive breakfast items seducing you with their haiku descriptions. They're all amazingly wonderful. My sweetheart swears by the breakfast burrito, which seems so straightforward but must have magic potion folded in with the eggs to make you flip your lid every time. Last time I got the maple, an elusive bread pudding, sausage, spicy cheddar, and shaved fennel sandwich thing (it changes you as a person, ordering something like that.) that completely blew my mind with its weirdness and perfection. You just gotta trust it. They know what they're doing. And the surroundings are so nice you want to just sit in there all day, listening to the screen door banging open and shut and slowly drinking cup after cup of coffee. Hooray.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,6/2/2010,58,56,15,16,15>***Read the following questions and select the best answer***1. Townshends has a selection of ______ different teas. a) over 80b) 60c) 40d) 20e) 102. Which of the following will you NOT find at Townshends?a) Teab) Coffeec) Gluten free and vegan baked goods d) Cups, mugs, and other accessoriese) Gift certificates3. Between the menu board and book, your options include _______. a) Hot or Iced teab) Bubble teac) Tea lattesd) Loose leaf teae) All of the above ***Decide if the following statements are true or false***4. There is a wide selection of tea including: black, green, white, oolong, chai, mate, rooibos, herbal infused, organic, and decaf.5. The shop only draws the geriatric and pinkies up tea crowds. 6. Comfy couches, mellow music, and swanky artwork are all factors that make up a laid back environment.7. Free WiFi is available to customers.8. If you are in a hurry and need a quick tea fix, Townshends is an ideal place to stop by. ***Read the following statements and fill in the blanks***9. This shop is great place to __________ while sipping some tea. 10. The staff at Townshends are all very__________.***Extra Credit***Should you ever need to kiss-up or bribe Amanda, were should you take her?------------------------------------***Answer Key***1. A2. B3. E4. True5. False6. True7. True8. False9.  Answers may include: read a book, do homework/work, or chat with friends/colleagues.10. Answers may vary.  Accept any synonym of the words: "knowledgeable," "friendly," or "cool."Extra Credit: Townshend's Teahouse!!!!!!!!!If you missed any of the questions, it is highly recommended that you venture to Townshend's Teahouse and check the shop out first hand to study up on the tea goodness!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2009,6/1/2010,426,1757,14,29,23>I find it impossible to review Toro Bravo without comparing it to two other high end tapas places in town, Navarre and Andina. Consider them the three sisters if you will, although Toro Bravo is really a masculine place.Two are loud:  Toro Bravo and AndinaOnly one takes reservations:  AndinaTwo have won the Oregonian's Restaurant of the Year award:  Navarre (2009) and Andina (2005).  But don't cry for Toro Bravo since they regularly receive high praise from The Oregonian and Portland Monthly.Two have outstanding service:  Toro Bravo and Andina.  The difference is that at Andina I feel like family and at Toro Bravo I feel like an honored guest.Location:  Navarre and Andina are in the middle of vibrant neighborhoods.  Toro Bravo is more of a destination since there are only a few other places around.Chef John Gorham runs a tight ship and it is a pleasure to sit by the kitchen and watch the staff work. This is, in fact, my favorite pastime at any restaurant. There are two seating areas right by the kitchen that I always choose.  The first has you face the chefs, but you sit lower so you can't really see the action, only their focused expressions and interaction. There are also four seats to the side where you get a better view of their knife play.Toro Bravo is a sexy space and one of its secret weapons is their proximity to Secret Society lounge for a fabulous one-two punch.  My experience with their wait staff has been excellent.  Since the menu changes regularly to reflect seasonal ingredients, I won't bother mentioning particular dishes.  When I first went with my little list of Yelp suggestions almost none were on the menu.  I highly encourage you to have a conversation with your server to see what they recommend on a given day.  My second favorite activity in restaurants.  Just put yourself in their capable hands.Even though Navarre is all the rage right now, it is my least favorite of the three.  I'm partial to Andina, but Toro Bravo is also high on my list.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,11/3/2007,111,30,,7,5>So I read some of the other reviews plugging different spas in the Portland area and it sounded like marketing strategies from the spa staff.  I'm pretty sure I've never used words like "nestled" or  "bungalow" in my everyday vocabulary so I decided to cut to the point and my own experience. Plus, I didn't want to cut and paste from the company's website... so here it goes.Spa Chakra is part of the Avalon Hotel off Macadam on the South Waterfront.  It's pretty easy to get to and I found a great perk: free valet parking.  That's right, free.  The hotel itself is amazing but I'll have to write about that some other time.For those of you looking for a $20 pedicure and a $25 facial, go ahead and go to another review.  Those of you who have ever had 5 star treatment and realize it's worth paying for, keep reading.  My way of saying: it's not cheap but it's more worth it than chocolate!This spa caters more to people who are looking for an overall experience and pampering rather than the quickie mani, pedi, facial, or 15-minute chair massage you get at a strip mall.  Hell, they even have packages that take a full day (like a Bridal Glow, Total Detox, and Anti-Aging Retreat package).  Coming from some of the more posh spas in the northern portion of California (wine country mostly) and the Bay area, I was a "spa snob" to say the least.  This is the only place in Portland I've encountered that can compare.  They do things like Naturopathy, Chakra Balancing (a little hippy, I know), 8 different types of massages, body wraps, and some of the most amazing facials known to man.  I'm not going to go too much farther into it because I'll feel like a used car salesperson.  Just know that when I got their hour and a half long pedicure (which also includes a hand massage), I discovered that my g-spot is in my foot.  I'm just sayin'...Anyhow, this spa is a cut above in its staff, services, amenities, and just about anything I can think of.  It was further out than I'd originally wanted to travel, but I thougt it was worth it.  Oh, and they have some sort of gym upstairs too.  The pedicure lady said they have a full fitness program available to members with some sort of kinetic assessment and personal training stuff.  I'm not sure if it's a members only thing or what, but it looked pretty great too.  This may be my next review, we'll see!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,11/2/2007,4,35,3,2,3>Outstanding trout. Amazingly-yum chocolate mouse. Small plates of  perfection ordered checklist style for sharing. Local fresh ingredients. Warm ambience. Leave feeling like you're floating on clouds. Great place to take a date...a date that you wanna get into the sack later...eh? *nudge nudge, wink wink*
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2007,11/1/2007,30,512,1,8,3>Heavens me, I love homemade soda!Hot Lips offers great pizza, and breadsticks, but it's the only pizza place where you can supplement your meal with gourmet homemade sodies ON TAP.Their blueberry soda is the only kind of ever had that comes close to my hometown's own Wild Blueberry Meetinghouse Soda and once I discovered that, I will love Hot Lips forever.And of course, the pies are great.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,10/31/2007,161,226,12,10,9>Now, it's not unhealthy to be as excited about a new bar I love as I would be about say, a new boyfriend or something, right?Because I just really like it. I feel confident that we'll have a very fruitful relationship.  Surely we'll have our ups and downs, but the Standard just happens to have all the amenities I seek out in a bar.It's spacious, but not too big. It's dim but not too dark. There's 70's beer paraphernalia instead of shitty bar art (thankyoujesus).  There's a ton of seating and I, also, can't imagine where they acquired all the furniture.  It's pretty killer.The bartender was super nice and in addition to pouring me a giant tumbler of whiskey (i mean it, it took me AT LEAST 35 minutes to drink it) for cheap, she introduced herself to me and also gave us the inside scoop on playing the bumper-style shuffleboard there. Also, while I didn't get a good look at the jukebox, there WAS some Snoop Dogg, which I feel pretty good about.Now, where others typically point out the smokey factor of a bar, I tend to not care, but dang, bar is SMOKEY, y'all.  I still don't really care, but you might.Anyway, it's a great bar.  It's practically Cheers.  Except no Ted Danson.  Oh I wish there was Ted Danson.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2007,10/30/2007,25,33,17,16,8>I went to Brazil yesterday.  Since this was my first trip, and I had suffered through a few unpleasant wax experiences in the past (and really, who hasn't?...I'll spare you the lurid details), to say I was apprehensive would be an understatement.  Maybe it was the complimentary glass of wine offered to me beforehand, maybe it was the truly private rooms (no flimsy curtains found here), maybe it was the rockin' tunes played (apparently music soothes a lot more than the savage beast), maybe it was the unique wax used (it wasn't a goopy, sticky mess)...whatever it was, it made every other Salon I've been to seem like the estheticians had used sandpaper to rip off melted crayon wax.  Mindy was so awesome-she put me at ease, listened with interest to my rambling stories (I'm a big time babbler when I'm nervous), and did a truly fabulous job.  Urban Waxx definitely fulfilled their motto of: "The Best Wax Job You'll Ever Have.  Seriously."  The prices are totally reasonable-$70 for the first time and only $50 if you schedule another one within five weeks.  I made an appointment to return to Brazil, and have a feeling it won't be too long before I have dual citizenship.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2007,10/28/2007,0,11,2,3,3>Despite the fact that I often bemoan how places like this get reviews numbering in the double digits whilst businesses like, oh, vets & dentists & optometrists, where reviews would be super-useful, are sorely lacking in such...I MUST write this.  Damn you, Laurelhurst, for being so wonderful.  So without further ado:It is one of the joys of my life that the Laurelhurst Theater is a five-minute walk from my apartment. $9 at any other movie theater might, just might, cover the price of admission.$9 at the Laurelhurst buys me admission AND a pitcher of PBR.Plus an (adult) audience that can get as rowdy as I apparently can after drinking some beer. An audience that cheers when good things happen. An audience that will (thankfully) laugh rather than shush me when I get saucy & semi-yell "[Expletive] straight, [expletive]wad!" at the screen.  It can be disconcerting to look around you & realize that pretty much everybody there is just like you, but you know?  It's also fun. Because this audience knows exactly when Johnny Castle walks up to the Housemans' table & says "Nobody puts Baby in the corner", & you know that they know it because you all say it as it happens. And erupt in shouts & applause.Of course, the general audience interactiveness probably depends on which movie you go to see.  I am of the opinion that if I am going to a theater pub, I should see movies that are suited to a beer-swilling environment.  Hence I tend to attend things like "Grindhouse", "Dirty Dancing" & "The King of Kong".It has actually gotten to the point where it takes a really, really special film to get me to see it in a first-run theater.  When the closest theater to me costs so little & gives me so much, why bother?
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2007,10/26/2007,171,101,,7,5>Pok Pok is amazing. Boasting it's Notheastern Thai menu, it is unlike any Thai food I have ever had.  They use the traditional Thai method of eating, so don't bother looking for the silverware.  Eating sticky rice with heapfuls of charcoal roasted natural game hen with my fingers would have seemed like a daunting task to undertake for me normally.  If it weren't for the well-educated staff eager to show you how to dine on such foods I wouldn't have enjoyed it as much. There is nothing worse than ordering something and having no idea how to tackle eating it, with a snooty pretentious staff nearby.  Not only did they throughly explain how to eat it, but also gave a little history on the food and the owner, which I always like, personally.  Menu changes from time to time. Get the Muu Sateh (pork loins skewers marinated in coconut milk and turmeric, grilld over charcoal and served with peanut sauce, cucumber relish, and grilled bread) or the Papaya Pok Pok Special with the Roasted Game Hen. Yum!! Great drinks as well. Gets pretty packed on the weekends and lunch hour. Come early or wait it out. It's so worth it! :)
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,10/25/2007,65,138,,7,4>In our never ending search for good breakfast - without the long lines of overly-popular and trendy spots ... Utopia comes close (thus the name?)We hit it around noon (our usual brunch time) on Sunday and were pleasantly surprised by their extensive menu of scrambles - and hubby was even more excited to discover their blue cornmeal pancakes (harkening back to Magnolia in Austin?).The service was a little brash - but sufficed. I laughed esp. that the girl serving our food had on a Chevy's tshirt ... does that make me a freak?We'll go back for sure.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2007,10/24/2007,15,126,,8,3>Hip is a modern contemporary furniture store in nw.  Lots of metal, glass, wood tables, chairs, etc and unique(not tacky) sofas to go in your swanky new flat/apt/loft.  They carry Bo Concept and other quality euro import brands.  Staff here is never pushy and always helpful.  They offer free sample fabrics you can borrow to take home to see how things match up.  Most the items are special order, so be prepared to wait.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2007,10/23/2007,7,17,4,6,6>For a guy looking for a good haircut and a better haircut experience, stop looking and start going to Hair M.  They have two locations, one downtown next to Fernando's Hideaway and one in Beaverton in the Cedar Hills Shopping Center.  I've only been to the downtown location.I was a loyal customer for a couple years until I started dating my current girlfriend who graciously provides this service now.  I would usually go for the King's Cut, which is $35.  For this price, you get:* Complimentary beverage, including beer or wine.  It is way better than it even sounds to be drinking a brewdogg while getting your mane done* Haircut (obvsly)* Shampoo* Scalp massage with hot towel (5 minutes)They also offer other services, like various massages and manicure/pedicure.  If you're interested, go to hairmgrooming.com.While you're waiting or being worked on, there are televisions with current sporting events all around so if you need to keep up on a game, it's so easy.  My hairdresser was really cool and knew what she was doing.  She gave me a couple hair tips on my initial visit that had my hair looking 10 times better, and I've been sold on Hair M ever since.They validate for Smart Park as well.  I'm racking my brains trying to think of a negative for this place.  It's more expensive than, say, Supercuts, but your hair is one of the places that I don't think one should skimp on.  It has such an overall impact on your appearance.Pros: Free brewdoggs, skilled and friendly hairdressers, validated parking, male-friendly atmosphereCons: NadaRecommended: If you're a guy that wants to get a good haircut without enduring Gladys' latest scoop on General Hospital at the salon.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,3/2/2014,123,492,8,19,14>Every neighborhood should have a spot that makes you happy just to be there.  Great neighborhoods have a couple.  And superb neighborhoods have a handful.  We are lucky to live in a superb neighborhood with easy access to numerous spots that just fill me with happy thoughts and an "I love you, man!" mentality.  Bete-Lukas, while only a recent experience of mine, is one such place.I really cannot think of a better way to dine with friends than to rip off strips of injera bread and dive in, fingers first, to a giant communal platter of veggies and meat simmered in the most delicious smelling spices and dear God, yes, ghee.Favorite selections so far:  the eggplant tibs; the tikel wot; and the fosolia. (Translation: the eggplant stuff, that yellow cabbage dish, and the one with the green beans).  Anything I have tried on the menu that's yellow (turmeric) is a home run dish.  If you are not familiar with Ethiopian food, that's okay.  The veggie combo or the meat combo make trying numerous options super easy.  Service is charming, usually accompanied by light joking and occasionally some teasing - all done by our server.  This is a family restaurant and it's like they're having you over to dinner each time.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,3/1/2014,376,599,15,20,15>Here's a shameless plug for my favorite neighborhood hole in the wall dive, the Eagle Eye. I rang in the new year there. I woke on my couch with my contact lenses still in and one ugly hangover nastily holding any carpe diem from my grasp. I have the Eagle Eye to thank for this. There was also a hot pink Frisbee, an Aerobie to be precise, found on my front lawn. I don't know that the Eagle Eye had anything to do with that.The pros and cons could go either way.The bar takes up a space that looks a little unfinished and a bit rough around the edges, and you may find that charming or sloppy or something in between, but in any case it's quite in keeping with the 'hood.They show Blazers games. Don't know if they just show the ones on KGW or they have Comcast, but I think it's the latter. Perhaps you still aren't convinced about the Blazers, or you're still holding a grudge from the Jail Blazers era. You're a dinosaur, by the way, congrats on that. Roar.They have karaoke on Saturdays. Lots of country choices, but quite a few fun pop songs, too. If karaoke always steers you away, well, at least it's only one day a week. Unless it happens to be New Year's Eve, when I most definitely sang something. Just be happy I don't carry a microphone and an amp in my purse, OK?They have cider on tap. Also, beers. And hard alcohol, though not on tap. It's a bar. Do you like bars? Then try it.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,2/28/2014,320,479,18,19,16>On Dancer, on Prancer, on Cupid, on all you man-Vixens.  You are all most definitely on Santa's naughty list at this gay, male strip club.Oh hell yes to Sunday nights that is referred to as "Church."  Devout worshippers come bearing tithings (cash) for the hot, young, thangs prancing around in their cute little underthings.During Church, Instead of drinking the blood of Christ, as the wine there is not my thing, I enjoy $2.00 well drinks.  Some prefer $1.00 beers.  Be advised the bar is cash only but there is an ATM inside.Ladies, please don't squeal and behave as if you have never seen a man in his skivvies.  That sort of behaviour is frowned upon.  Be cool, take your cue from the men there.  Tip the dancers and enjoy your inexpensive beverages.The dancers rotate from a main stage at the front to a more private little "stage" toward the back.  There is a nice variety of handsome fellas shaking their cute booties.This is a fun place to let your hair down and take in some eye-candy while sipping a nice, inexpensive and stiff drink.  The drinks aren't the only things you'll find stiff around these parts...bottoms up!
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,2/27/2014,29,157,9,11,8>A snapshot of a friend's birthday dinner at Ox: 1 mason jar of pickles and vodka 2 months - that's how long before reservations were made3 people ordered the ribeye4 people splitting the pickle martini jar5 people splitting a nice bottle of wine6 side dishes were ordered for sharing (and delicious)7 the number of times I'd love to go back, assuming I have the cash to spend8 eight i forgot what eight is for 9(0) - ninety dollars per person10 people paying11 people eating and drinking to their hearts content, leaving tipsy, sated, and taking home leftovers for the next day.PS - I'd like to add that the above mentioned doesn't not contain a myriad of other drinks that people had throughout the night (for anyone doing the math on the cost per person).
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/26/2014,97,140,4,11,6>I get so excited when another awesome small business opens up in Sellwood that I do a little dance. And I'm not exaggerating. I dance and this store made me dance. Great selection for kids of all ages, which is refreshing. Most toy stores seem to cater to either a younger or an older crowd, but rarely do you get a great combination of both. The staff is super helpful and friendly and the space is calm and filled with fun things to get your kiddos busy while you shop.The store's owner is very generous with the local neighborhood schools and is often assisting in fundraisers. I so appreciate a local business that not only offers a great product but values the community that keeps them in business.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/25/2014,56,165,6,13,8>Amazing how much your opinion can change about a place with just a few more visits. It's why I set a standard for myself that I will only write a Yelp review if I've been to a place more than once. Biwa. I visited you twice about a year ago. Found the ramen to be a youthful fresh-out-of-culinary-school white kid's take on a classic traditional Japanese comfort food (albeit one they take very seriously) and a bit overpriced and pretentious.But my opinion changed drastically tonight. Stopped in for the first time in about a year after a show at the Keller. Not only was the ramen lightyears more authentic tasting than a year ago, but they charge a 5% "health and wellness" charge on every bill, which they use to fairly pay their staff and provide full benefits to. Way to go, Biwa!!! I fully support this and deeply admire the ethics in their business model. I think this charge should be commonplace in the service industry. Nothing makes me happier than supporting a business who looks after their employees. Yeah, it's still a bit overpriced and a bit pretentious, but their food is the bomb and they take care of their staff. Biwa, I was wrong about you...But please, just one request. Tonight, at the Keller I paid $10 for a glass of Laphroaig 10 on the rocks. You charge $15! It should have been the other way around. I love you, but $15 for Laphroaig is a bit much.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,2/24/2014,402,355,4,12,9>Free Play Night is my jam. For $5 you can play unlimited video games & pinball all night long. We like to go right at 5pm when they open because it's not as crowded and I don't have to fight some hipster for the Lord of the Rings pinball. Luckily if someone is hogging it Burgertime is usually unoccupied (probably because everyone knows I'm there and is too scared of my high scores) and I just play game after game after game. 4 person PacMan is amazingly fun and a great way to make new friends. And DDR is just hard so don't play it unless you know what you're doing otherwise you'll look like a sweaty fool. Trust me, I have experience with this.The people that work at GK are super nice. The drinks are good and well priced, they always have a cider on tap, and they offer gluten free snack options. Just make sure you bring cash for the door otherwise you'll have to use their ATM and suffer the wrath of ATM fees.So you should totally check out Free Play Night at Ground Kontol, just don't top my high score on Burgertime.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/23/2014,222,197,8,14,17>Why do I love this place?  Let me count the ways.First of all they were the bakery that designed my wedding cake 15 years ago and they continue to make the top level for like 10 bucks which we have every year.The cake was amazing -- we had several different flavors with their Champagne being the super star.Their bakes goods are amazing -- The butter macaroons melt in your mouth as do the butter crispies. The bread oh the bread - I can't say enough about the bread.It's an old fashioned bakery with an amazing history -- for those of you who care and those of you who don't --Beaverton's first Doctor, Francis Marion Robinson, graduated from Willamette University in 1885 with a degree in medicine, and started a practice in Beaverton. In 1887, Dr. Robinson had a Queen Anne-style, Victorian home built on Broadway. In 1893, he had a pharmacy built next to his residence. His house and pharmacy still stand today, as a functioning part of Beaverton Bakery's Old Town operation.In 1925 Charles Yeager combined and converted the Robinson house and pharmacy into Yeager's Bakery. Charles Schubert came to work at the bakery in 1952 and later purchased the business in 1965.The Robinson Home is now listed on the national register of historic homes. The 18.5 foot tall clock adorning the Robinson Home's front lawn was placed by Mr. Schubert in 1983. It was originally constructed between 1912 and 1915 by Joseph Mayer of Seattle.Mr. Schubert and his late wife Shirley expanded the bakery with the addition of a wedding shop. The theater to the west was acquired and converted into offices and production space. In 2004 the City of Beaverton completed Bakery Plaza on the northeast corner of SW Hall and Broadway on land donated by Mr. SchubertI just love love love their stuff:).
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,2/22/2014,395,537,2,5,4>Amazingly awesome, just for the fact that this is the best dog-friendly patio ever. It's enclosed, warm and cozy, especially if you sit next to the fireplace!We came during Happy Hour and they have some great deals. Draft beers are $3, wine $4.50 and wells $3.50. Their "Small Plates" menu is also discounted. I had a nice glass of their house red wine, and also had the Elderflower Lemonade which was delicious. I love all things elderflower and this was really refreshing and nicely sweet. Their cocktails however aren't featured on HH special.We had a variety of the Small Plates to try a few different things. We had the Mini Mac of the Day which was portobello, and it was very good for $5. It was very cheesy and the breadcrumb topping is where it's at. We also got the Fish Tacos, which included salmon, cabbage and bell pepper with their chipotle sauce. These were good, but they were mostly cabbage with very little fish. The Porkies are amazing, tender little pulled pork sliders with a delicious chipotle aoili. My favorite thing was the Potato Head, which were crispy potato cakes loaded with bacon, sour cream, cheddar and chives. It's kind of like a better version of a loaded baked potato.The service was good. Our waitress was very friendly and talkative, but we were given our check when we wanted to order dessert and a third round. The patio wasn't busy at all so I'm not sure why we were rushed or not asked if we wanted anything else, but oh well. I love how dog friendly this place is. They even have meals for your pup, and ours devoured their version of Kibbles and Bits, which looked appetizing even for us humans.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,2/21/2014,216,263,2,10,7>How have I not reviewed Zenbu yet? They're an AWESOME food cart in the Sellwood neighborhood, offering a really cool take on Japanese cuisine. I appreciate the fact that it seems the owner really does like to cook and share his food with others - The ginger chicken is a must-have for newbies, and so is the katsu.If you ask them for something (reasonable), like adding chicken to the green beans dish, they'll happily do it, and do it well. Now and then they'll do something quirky, like give you a cookie with your order.Honestly, good food is one reason why I keep coming back. But the other main reason is how cool/dedicated/friendly the people are that work there.Prices = crazy inexpensive, and food = delicious. Go, go, go!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,6/12/2009,161,226,29,23,27>I love grand cream-colored leather headboards. I suppose I could leave it at that.But I won't.Because I also love clear crystal lamps, teal accent decor, and sweeping views of my lovely city.  And the Driftwood Room is a great hotel bar.  I'll come back to write my memoirs (of which I'll surely have several). More likely just to drink.But mostly I loved the Hotel deLuxe because I felt on top of the world on my birthday.  The staff was super nice and everything was perfectly glamorous but with just the touch of restraint that I very much appreciate.I will say...don't try to order room service at 3am.  They'll offer you soup or a cheese plate and you'll be like, "Uh, it's 3am.  You must know that we don't want soup. Hamburger, friend?" And they'll be like "Sorry y'all."And you'll be like "Oh I so sad," but then you'll fall asleep and forgive.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,6/11/2009,109,677,19,22,21>Take my keys, feed my cat for me, Victory is mine and I'm not going to be home for a while.  The drinks here are awesome.  The service is great.  The ridiculously awesome lamps that hang above the bar were handmade by the owner.  Or so I'm told.  The spaetzle rendered me speechless for a minute, even if it is a smallish portion for $7.  It is worth $7 to try at least once.  This is no mac and cheese, these are tender, tiny, heavenly dumplings in a creamy, nutty, smooth sauce topped with perfectly crispy shallots.  Let's get down to spirits here folks, Victory's drink menu reads like a menu on a train that goes through Paris circa 1929.  Corpse Reviver, are you kidding me?!  It's a drink that's at once scary and classy, and historically to be consumed before 11 am.  French 77.  Ohdeargod, please make sure Radio Cab is saved in my phone first.  I love this drink, I love it eternally.  Gin, fresh squeezed lemon, sugar, Clear Creek's Apple Brandy topped with Cava.  A better bubbly cocktail you'd be hard-pressed to find.  Bourbon Ginger - bourbon and spicy ginger ale, fresh ginger, orange bitters on the rocks.  Grandpa would be proud.  Our server, whose name I sadly forgot but I blame that on the Fernet, was outstanding.  She was not only happy to talk about the drinks but new the history of them and could name off the ingredients of each of the signature cocktails like it was the alphabet.  She really knew her booze.  It was packed when we went, on a Friday night, and despite that was totally attentive, not to mention cuter than a button.  I will be back, Victory... you are MINE!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2008,6/10/2009,19,16,17,17,14>The Tale of the Ridiculous Stomach Flu And the Missing Ear DrumOn a crisp autumn day,  I made the intimate acquaintance of many a garbage bag.  (In fact, I am only supposing that it was a crisp autumn day, as I rarely left my bathroom much less the house.)  Mid-morning I telephoned Westover (dehydration was a concern), and by 2:30pm, I, along with a trusty garbage bag, had made my way to the doctor's.  As usual, I received attentive care.  Unfortunately, mid-way through the appointment, my garbage bag became a casualty of the stomach flu.  Dr. Helen Henry, however, graciously replaced it for me.For someone who is not a medical professional, it is difficult to directly evaluate the quality of medical care.  Instead, we must examine the "symptoms."  How am I treated when I call?  Is it possible to make an appointment on late notice?  Am I really listened to?  Does my doctor take the time to answer all my questions?  If necessary, will my garbage bag be replaced?For Westover Heights, all of the symptoms point to a diagnosis of high-quality care.  The second part of our tale begins in the LAX airport, when I called the office and was able to get an appointment for the next day to have my ear examined.  Now, being the hypochondriac that I am, I bring notes to doctor appointments, notes which can cover two pages and mention any detail which I think might be important (yes, I do watch too much "House").  Dr. Mary Meyer is the only doctor to whom I have felt comfortable saying, "I would like to go over my notes with you first, if that's okay."  She listened attentively as I recounted, in detail, the history of my sinuses.  It took about half an hour to clear the wax out of my ear so that it was possible to see into the middle ear.  When she looked in my ear, she couldn't see an eardrum or the bones which usually accompany it.  So, she decided I should see a specialist.  At that point, a lot of doctors might have sent me home with the name and number of the recommended specialist.  No, I sat back and relaxed while Dr. Meyers ran around the office and got me an appointment for the next business day with a specialist.I am happy to report that the specialist was able to resolve the Case of the Missing Eardrum and Ossicles.  But even the experience of going to the specialist (who showed little interest in the history of my sinuses) reminded me of how lucky I am to go to a place like Westover.  In the majority of my visits, my notes may be unimportant; but should it happen that I report something absolutely critical (and I know that this does happen), I know that I will be heard.  And that means everything.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,6/9/2009,99,154,18,14,11>I feel compelled to say this as I just cannot bear the guilt of it anymore. I'm having an affair. For years I would enjoy the delicious simplicity and economic benefits of the $1.50 Costco polish dog/soda. I would even go out of my way for a visit to Costco, just to snack on the budget friendly sausage. But now, I've met a more exciting vendor and I find myself wanting to shop at Costco, but forgo the delicious end-of-my-shop tradition only to stop at Otto's on the way home. It's gotten to the point where I can no longer pass by the meat department without thinking that Otto's quality is better. After all, the hunger-inducing aroma as you walk past the BBQ and into the store is indeed a welcome greeting. The wonderful array of sausages and meats in the cases before me could turn a vegetarian into a carnivore (in theory, this hasn't actually been tested). The eclectic selection of beverages piques my curiosity as to what wonderful flavors they may hold.Costco - I'm sorry, but it's over.Otto's - Let's do lunch. And dinner.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/20/2008,6/8/2009,83,135,15,13,10>I debated giving 21st Ave B&G 5 stars and writing a facetious review about it being a great place to get into a bar fight.  Something like..........It's dark enough that someone probably would not see the first punch coming...the furniture is both inexpensive and sturdy so paying for damages after the fact would be low...There are a minimum of bouncers, so you have time for a full round of insults before the festivities begin..........But, that would be wrongReally, this place is only 2.5 stars.  But when you bring a raucous party of 12+ heavy drinkers, it's hard NOT to have a good time - so I'm willing to spot them the 1/2 star. Here's the due diligence:-Service was slow.  Our first round of drinks for 6 of 7 people took over 15 minutes. Quality of the drinks was decent.-Patio seating had a lot of room, and we were a big party, but there at least 2 occasions where we got booted from empty mini tables.-Divey feel, non divey prices -11 bucks for a hamburger?  I paid $15 at the Ritz Carlton...and this is not the Ritz-Food was off and on, taste wise.  Of the 4 appetizers I ordered (basket of fries, fried spring rolls, chicken quesedillas, and calamari).  the spring rolls were the only 'remarkable' dish - they were good.  Chicken was average/decent-Going from the inside to the outside (bathroom breaks) was treacherous.  Or I was drunk.  Or both.  let's call this a push, except to say that the severs almost gave me a 'bonus' drink...on my shirt.All in all a good experience, at a place that is wonderful only in it's locale and patio.  Forgettable otherwise.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,6/7/2009,48,99,11,13,12>This place is a hidden gem!!  Not so hidden from me, as it is right around the corner from my house, and I had wanted to go there for sometime, but being creatures of habit, the husband and I usually go to the same ol' places.  Tonight, though, after several drinks, some food was in order and driving definitely wasn't.  So, having a friend in town, we decided to venture into the neighborhood for once.  We finally agreed that it would be a good night to try EAT, and so we did.  And disappointed we were not!!  The menu had many savory treats on it, though they were out of all styles of gumbo, which was one of our first choices.  Instead we settled on some fried okra as an appetizer, some seafood jambalaya, and some hoppin' john.  All were deliciouso, though a better hoppin john is made from my Sundays at Moosewood cookbook (everything SO GOOD!).  They have a wide variety of cocktails (the hurricane was definitely a level 5!!) and a list of so-called absinthes (no one really makes it the way it's really supposed to be, do they?? Or is that just an urban legend?) and the food is VERY reasonably priced (nothing over $12 on the entree menu) and the ambience is TRES BIEN!!  The service was absolutely there without an annoying overbearance.  Perfect!!  There was also some lovely acoustic tunes going on, which completely added to the atmosphere.  I can see this as becoming a definite neighborhood hangout.  AND, I hear they have $1 mini martinis!  My alcoholic fantasies just might come true.  Oh yeah, and instead of bread for a gimme starter, they have bricks of soda crackers for the taking.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,6/6/2009,73,142,9,9,9>I think this place is pretty cool.  The reason I like it is not only because it's unique but also because of the live music they have on Sunday night.  I was there with some people to discuss a book we had just read for our club.  The guy that played that night set up his keyboard and set the volume really high.  It was slightly annoying for us.  But, I could tell that it really annoyed the college kids there with their nice little laptops and earbuds, checking their Facebook pages.  I have a bad case of schadenfreude, the pain of others makes me laugh, that must be why I really enjoy the Three Stooges.The coffee I had was really good and the service was great.  They were very accommodating toward our book club by reserving tables for us.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,6/5/2009,110,167,15,8,9>I want you to close you eyes and think about this first thing that comes to mind when you hear the name Ho Ho... That's right! Of course you thoughts about happy endings! You know, the kind where you've gorged yourself silly on Chinese food, so full that you think you're going to pop. The kind when you cry out to the heavens "WHY DID I EAT SO MUCH?!", and then your waitress brings you a fortune cookie and you are happy. Very happy! Who doesn't love a fortune cookie happy ending?!With that said... This place is good. Friendly service, food came out fast, and the food was decent. We only ordered the basics (pot stickers, sweet & sour chicken, broccoli beef) because I was a little scared of what their food was like, but I will fear no longer.They also get an extra star for having Pepsi products. Coke sucks. Yeah, I said it. Coke sucks!My search for GOOD chinese food in Portland continues, but Ho Ho's and Fujin will hold me over when I need some sweet & sour chicken.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,6/4/2009,184,343,12,15,13>I just like the fact that this place is near the "vegan mini-mall." Also, the Park Kitchen roast beef sandwich was good. I went here after a hard day at work and I just happened to want meat, cheese, and bread. Therefore, it was natural that I ended up eating those things ALL AT ONCE. Some folks call it a sandwich, but I call it lunch. However, unlike nearby Bunk, I was actually able to go there after I brought home the bacon (though they have plenty of that at MCB).About that sandwich I had: tender steak, blue cheese mayo that wasn't too overpowering, vinaigrette for that added zing. (Oh, and some of that leafy stuff that would feel at home at the vegan mini-mall.)I'd go back there again to get the ham sandwich, or that breakfast burrito that's been raved about.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,6/3/2009,141,355,14,19,18>I think sometime it's hard to appreciate the history of where you live.  I know I did when I heard about the idea for the land bridge a few years ago:Vancouver Native Jenny: "You're going to connect that empty grassy field by the fort with that old tree by the railroad tracks?Skeptic Jenny: "...And you expect me to come walk over the noisy freeway to see both of them... repeatedly?" Of course there was more to it than that, and I'll be the first to admit that I really didn't give it much more thought until I read who one of the masterminds was:  Architect Jenny: "OMG! Maya Lin is involved in this!??!"Alright, so it must be cool then.... and while Lin is responsible for many of the art pieces along the entire Columbia River confluence project the actual bridge is designed by Seattle architect Johnpaul Jones.  It aims to reconnect Fort Vancouver with the Columbia River via the historic Klickitat Trail, swinging by The Old Apple Tree (an historic and deciduous landmark in le Couve).  In doing so, it remembers the first Europeans who settled here, the Lewis & Clark boys, the Kaiser shipyards during the war, and most importantly the Native American cultures who consider this site a historic tribal crossroad.  It's a beautiful crossing and as the native plants continue to mature it will no doubt become an important testament to the history of this area, regardless of the season.  If you find yourself looking for a place to explore, a new pathway to run, or a bit of regionalism to appreciate this is your spot.   It's simple places like this that make me realize we live in a 5 Star part of the country in terms of history and preservation.  And we're pretty lucky out here... even if we forget it sometime.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,6/2/2009,111,14,11,16,17>i like the place alot, and i think i do because I'm not from L.O. maybe thats it or maybe its because the food here is really good i love the fact that they have couches and that they have plenty of different beers to select form. the live music doesn't hurt either. i really just don't have anything wrong to say about the place literally id have to say its one of my favorite spots to go to watch a game because they open up all the windows and so you get the outside feeling while being inside. Also Im a huge fan of their burgers really really good.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,6/1/2009,56,302,6,8,7>Yeah, completely ridiculous biscuits.  Down South good (I lived in the Carolinas for three years, so I have some limited experience).  Even the simple plain ones are amazing with their whipped butter covered in honey.  I suppose you could put whipped butter covered in honey on anything and it would taste pretty damn good, but putting it on awesome biscuits makes it marvelous.  To make it even more official-y "authentically southern," they have Cheer Wine!  Everyone needs to try it.  It is the soft drink of the south (sorry, no booze, people).  Pine State has a great variety of biscuit sandwiches as well (naturally).  Go, give this place a shot.  Go hungry so you can get several biscuits.  And don't forget a Cheer Wine to go with them and maybe a couple for the road...
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,5/31/2009,532,371,50,27,34>In an effort to make my reviews more accessible I've decided to translate this one into a variety of Yelpiverse styles. So here for your tasting pleasure is Habibi Ten Ways. Yelp Speak: NOM NOM NOM Chicken Shawarma! NOM NOM NOM Beef Shawarma! NOM NOM NOM Falafel! Oh Habibi forgive me for not writing earlier. All these times I've visited to lick clean your delicious dishes and enjoy your friendly service and in return what? No review? Whether you're an elite yeep or nOOb this is teh awesome Lebanese cuisine [read: bastion of hummus and hot pita goodness ] *Sigh* Oh and when you're here, they really do treat you like family. Rock on Habibi! Rock on! Screen Writer: "What are we doing tonight Brain?" "The same thing we do every night Pinky." "Oooh, we're going to run around with pink tights on our head performing the African Anteater Mating Ritual?" "NO, we're going to Habibi for some Chicken Shawarma with Hummus!!!" Exaggerated Tourist (if you think they're bad here, read Honolulu Yelp): I wish we had one of these where I'm from. Even though I've never had Lebanese food before I'm quite certain that this Chicken Shawarma is the BEST EVER!!! Probably even better than in Beirut. Ironic Hipster: Sorry, I don't think I even know what that is. Can't we all just get along. Eat some Shawarma and move on. Foreign Language: Habibi ga daisuki desu yo! Tori Shawaruma wa tottemo oishii desu ne! Mindless Unhelpful Five Star One Line SPAM: This place is really great. Great food, great service. I can't wait to return. Ascii Arteest:       me                   chicken shawarma       __     /    o \    |       (   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o   o    \___/ Wannabee Run-On-Sentence Over Adjectived Foodie: Tender chicken (or beef) pieces flavor stacked with onions and Middle Eastern seasonings, combined beautifully with silky smooth hummus and freshly made pitas. Hints of cinnamon, cardamon, and nutmeg dance happily across the palate as textural joy and wonderful warmth bring about sublime sensory overload. Poet: But soft, what light through yonder window breaks? It is the east, and Chicken Shawarma is the sun. Arise, fair sun, and kill the envious moon, Who is already sick and pale with grief That thou, her maid, art far tastier than she. Myself: Take all of the above, mix them in unequal schizophrenic portions, pour into a review, set the oven for forty minutes, but take it out after twenty.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,5/30/2009,66,161,9,10,10>I guess several months hiatus allowed for several trips to Blackstone. This has to be a highlight of these last few months and a light in the darkness that is Vancouver. I have enjoyed what Blackstone has to offer for nightlife and brunch. Hopefully dinner will happen eventually.The nightlife happened first. It certainly left a lasting impression. We were certainly the youngest of the crowd. We were also one of the few NOT dressed in short skirts and animal print. This leaves ample room for fantastic people watching while enjoying some tasty cocktails. I recommend that you avoid the Luscious Blackberry unless you like super sweet blackberry syrup. The French Kiss cocktail is fantastic though! I want to go back for happy hour since their signature drinks are  1/2 off. I didn't have any food at this outing but all of it looked delicious that was being served around us. The brunch is to die for. Seeing that I have been a couple of times I have had the pleasure of trying two different breakfast items and having two different waitresses. Lets see, the gravy is homemade and has something that I have to identify as chili powder in it. Mmmm, so good when smothered on biscuits. Oh yeah, just for a warning. If you get scrambled eggs they are placed on top of the brick of hash browns and you need to remove them from the pile as soon as you can or they get soggy. That was a mistake I will only make once. Now I have also tried their almond crusted brioche french toast covered in a banana fosters sauce. This has to be my favorite thus far. I'm pretty sure I'm salivating just thinking about it. The waitresses were also super friendly. The second was better just because she mentioned that you can print of a $10 off coupon right now from their website. I'll have to go back this Sunday for brunch just to use this bit of information!On a fantastic side note...it doesn't seem like many have found this place yet. Brunch hardly ever has anyone there! At the most I have seen only about five tables filled and by the looks of it they have just one waitress working the floor. I'll let you know how it is for any other meal.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2009,5/29/2009,17,33,8,10,8>I was going to dock Brunchbox a star or two for the general "meh" attitude of the guy taking my order (no eye contact whatsoever, just sort of tossed my burger on the counter without turning his head from the conversation with the cook), but then I came to my senses. What the hell, this isn't fine dining! I came for a burger. And that was one tasty burger. (Now give me some of that tasty beverage, to wash this down.)I had the youCANhazcheeseburger on my first visit, and it was everything I expected. In preparation for the onslaught, my arteries opened up wide, ready for all kinds of bad cholesterol headed their way. As much faith as I have in my ticker, though, this is a once-a-month sammich, at most.I toned it down yesterday and got a Black & Blue...which was even better! What the heck is "blackening seasoning"? In any case, it was great, and people at the office were wandering into the kitchen to see where that awesome smell was coming from. The blue cheese was excellent, too, and was a lot milder than most burger blue cheeses I've had--or else the burger was so flavorful that it was like all volume knobs were cranked up.Sir, I don't care if you keep up the disinterested look. You could make grunting noises and hold up fingers to indicate price, if you want. As long as you keep serving up this kind of food, I'll gladly come back.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,5/28/2009,15,24,9,14,9>One of the most enjoyable meals I've had. Ever.Loved the casual, comfy, interesting space. Loved the simple, focused but thoughtful and impressive menu. The service was perfect. Simply cannot get over the value of this place. Local ingredients, organics, super fresh everything - and $8-$15 entrees? MIND. BLOWN.Appetizer: Cheese plate. This will become my decadent and guilty indulgence (sadly for my waistline, I live dangerously close to this place). It was really a lot of cheese, among them the best chevre I've ever had and my favorite Rogue Creamery blue. But the kicker - wait for it.... - skewered nuggets of the most melt-in-your-mouth orgasmic bacon you have ever tasted. I truly believe that when the bacon-nugget-o-heaven atop a chunk of Rogue blue atop the crusty baguette slice smeared with roasted garlic (the bring you a whole half head) hit my mouth, I could have died and would have had the most glorious last moments of anyone who ever lived.For the main course, I had the chicken fried chicken which was so tender and juicy that it also was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. And it came with brussels sprouts. I wish more restaurants would sever these little cabbagey buds of goodness. They were mustardy, crispy and fabulous.Sister had the veggie burger - a house-made patty of quinoa and mushroom - and proclaimed it to be the best veggie burger she'd ever had. I had a bite. I concurred. The waiter offered the dessert menu - on any other day, in any other place, you couldn't have force fed me a single bite of dessert. On this day, in this place, I said "Yes please". It was one of the better decisions I've made in life.Going back a second night in a row might sound excessive, but whatever. I'll probably do it anyway.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2009,5/27/2009,276,315,15,13,18>Holy hot wings, Batman!  Them chicken wings be hot, yo!Thanks to a nudging by a buddy of mine, I finally got to try out this place during a particularly irritating Blazers game.  Luckily, I had the awesome Buffalo Lime Cilantro 9-Piece Chicken Wings to take my mind off of our hometown team's nearly non-existent defense and rebound strategy.And if it wasn't for the devilishly delicious Fried Oreos, I would still have been fuming by half-time over how Pryzbilla was being Yao Ming's bitch nearly the entire first two quarters of the game.Alas, I left at the beginning of the third quarter, when it was quite clear Rip City was going to take it up the rear from Houston, but not before dipping a few more celery sticks in their sauce taster tray, which made me decide to try their Chipotle Bourbon wings the next time.  There's just something about that flavor combination that make me stir, you know, down there.If I had only one other regret that night, it would be not giving in to my compulsion to also try their Deep-Fried Twinkie.  I mean, c'mon!  It's a Twinkie!I'll definitely be back, if only to challenge my buddies to an eating contest involving El Jefe-- their spiciest creation yet.Geez...just thinking about it has made my hair sweat...
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2009,5/26/2009,252,87,28,36,27>Um, ok.This vegan strip club truly lives up to it's motto..."the meat's on the stage, not on the plate".I am a former vegan, and have wanted to check this place out for a while.  Yes, I'm a girl who likes the occasional trip to see some beautiful naked ladies performing dances on stage and around poles.This Friday, I was able to talk one of my other sassy gal-pals into attending with me (FYI gentlemen - strippers LOVE girls, so make sure and take your lady next time, you'll see what I mean).  Apparently Friday night is when the real show happens...I'll get to that later.First the location is a bit surreal.  This place is located out in the industrial area of NW Portland...not your average "stop" for an evening out.  Walking in you feel like you are on the set from "From Dusk 'til Dawn 4"   We got there pretty early (around 9pm) so it was still a bit quiet.  We were fortunate enough to see the tail end of a drunken bachelor party walking out right as we came in, so we didn't have to deal with a bunch of wasted frat guys yelling "woo-hoo" all night.   The drinks were stiff and the music was awesome.  Apparently this club only plays rock music, but Q-roy (DJ on Fridays) did a great job mixing it up for the ladies.  Of course, I had to have some vegan chili-cheese nachos for nostalgia, they were mediocre.  Beware - this club only takes cash and the ATM fee is $3.95!The ladies we're sexy, beautiful, skinny, strong, voluptuous and more.  Most of them were good dancers, all of them one-by-one got naked.  As my friend and I sat at a table off to the back of the stage we chatted with the hottest girl of the night (Gina) who is an awesome belly dancer and a total sweet-heart (and she happens to be a friend of mine).  We weren't paying much attention to the stage until the DJ started announcing the next girl...I mean girls.  This time 2 ladies would be entertaining us.  OK.They both came onto the stage and immediately every guy in the place ran up to vie for a seat at the rack.  The ladies called to my table "come join us girls", ok, this must be good if they have such a following.  The ladies then proceeded to spread out a blanket in the middle of the stage...hmmm...what was this show going to be?  Water tricks, fire, naked ladies slipping & sliding?  Well, it was none of that.  In fact, I can't even tell you what went on without blushing from my desk chair, but needless to say, if you are a man who likes chicks...you need to visit this club on Friday nights.  If you are a woman who likes chicks, you need to visit this club on Friday nights.  If you are like me, a hetero married woman who likes the occasional boobies in her face, be warned...this is not your average night on the town.  I'll leave it at that.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,5/25/2009,54,54,3,7,7>I don't want to give out lots of 5's but Porque No deserves it.  Went on Friday evening with a few friends in town from San Francisco.  Clearly there was a line out the door, but with good company and no plans, the wait was no bother.  After offering up my suggestions, we ended up with a Brian's bowl with shrimp, two tingas, two pescados, a carnitas, a camerones and the essential chips, guac and salsa.  With the garage doors open and a nice breeze flowing through the restaurant, our spirits were lifted by the rare glimpse of sun and warmth on an April Friday.  Our chips arrived first and were salty and delicious.  The chips were crisp but sometimes gooey and clearly fresh out of the frier.  Dunked in the tasty guac, it's impossible to not feel good about life in times like these.  The margaritas were a little spendy, but were strong enough to make you come back for another.  Dinner arrived.  As a group it was decided that Brian's bowl was a little too salty.  Still delicious and consumed quickly, a touch less salt would have led to a happier Emily, with lower blood pressure.  Alex and I feasted on the tasty tacos.  The pineapple on top of our seafood tacos added the right amount of sweetness to battle the spice from the hot sauce I drizzled on top.  I can say if i dig the tinga or the carnitas more, but they are all up there.  The only disappointment was the camerones.  It's not that they are bad, far from it, but everything else is just so good, it's hard to compare.  It was a great dinner with great friends.  The SF'ers lamented upon our departure they wished there was something like Porque No (simple tacos, quality ingredients, pleasant surroundings) near their apartment.  Only downside is dinner can get pricey.  That point is easily countered because they provide high quality ingredients and offer health benefits to their employees.  That's something I'm willing to pay an extra buck or two for.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2009,5/24/2009,46,108,8,9,7>There are diamonds in the rough, then there is Low Brow in the Pearl. A rough in the diamond.The first time I went here was for Rebecca T.'s 22nd birthday bash, a mere 7 days after mine.  Appropriate to the Low Brow, this is not where we began, but where we ended up.  Her shots were stiff, but her pretzel was soft. Photo-documentation to remind us of the eve was glowing the beautiful shade of 'dive-y red.'The second time I went here, I noticed the wall of Jägerbuttz, or rather, Jägermeister bottles stacked atop one another to make a green glass wall. I picked the sketchybooth in the back; replete with black light, glowing stars, and adjacent to the even more risqué sexbooth. The menu, which is a simple black and white and in very large font, glowed under the blacklight. I love menus that double as conceptual art slash 70s room décor. Suddenly my skinnyjeans transformed to flares and my short hair grew two feet. GB became another GB: Greg Brady. I step out of the light and back into reality to order my happy hour Peebs for $1.25... on tap!The Low Brow experience is not complete without a "meal deal." The epitome of "cheap 'n' best," the "meal deal," which is available at all times of day, all days of the week, comes with: bratwurst OR chili dog, tots or fries, a bottle of High Life AND an ice cream sammich. Perfect way to appease an empty stomach post-bike ride? Yes, especially when it only made you $5.50 poorer. I picked the bratwurst with Sauerkraut (jawohl!) and tots (and devoured them cannibalistically).The service was a little bit slow with the food, but it came out hot and delish. Typically, the service is fast, friendly and efficient. Next time you're in the Pearl and your hair's haphazard and your pockets are shallow, hit the Low Brow. They won't judge, and neither should you.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2010,7/8/2011,457,356,4,12,9>I missed a UYE Lunch here a few months ago and have been wanting to visit this restaurant ever since.  Finally, today I remembered to stop by when I noticed that I had cash on hand.  Roxy's unfortunately still has not received their card reader and is cash only.Let's talk Kalbi Chicken.  It is a Korean dish normally, but Hawaii being a melting pot of all Asian culture has adopted it and carried on a fine tradition of serving the dish Hawaiian style.  Obviously, I had the Kalbi Chicken, and it was really good, but let's go back to moments after I walked in the door...When you walk through the door you are met with a fairly stark white interior.  There are some tasteful decorations here and there and a delightful Hawaiian tune was coming through the speakers.  You approach the counter and see simmering meats right in front of you, only a pane of glass separates you from nirvana (the place, not the band).  Behind the counter was a delightful woman who, even though I told her I knew what I wanted, plied me with free samples of many of the dishes offered.  I stuck to my guns and ordered the Kalbi, even though the pork dish and the teriyaki really tasted great.  I mentioned really enjoying macaroni salad and immediately I was offered the choice of exchanging one lump of rice for another macaroni salad.  Not being a fool, I grabbed that offer.As I sat waiting for lunch a mixture of Hawaiian and Jamaican music came over the speakers.  I watched ducks go about their duck business in the man-made lake and slurped down some Diet Pepsi.  Out came lunch, and lots of it!  Along with two more meat samples and a sample of their Pineapple Upside Down Cake.  Can you say, "Customer for life", boys and girls?All for $6.75 (with soda)!The food could be a lot worse and I would still come back for the customer service.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,7/7/2011,188,386,13,13,12>I'm a vegan by no one's stretch of the imagination. I refuse the notion of going through a week -- much less life -- without cheese. And butter. And eggs. Bacon, I could live without. But milkshakes? And a good burger? No way, tempeh.That said, I have an open mind, and -- despite spice-wussery -- an open palate. I'm a person who identifies as an omnivore, which means if it tastes good, it's going down the gullet. And Portobello? That stuff goes down like the Avenue of Roses.They don't try to cover anything up by spice loading, like some over-compensating cheating veggie cheaters do. There's no sacrifice or unnatural manufacturing of flavor whatsoever. They know what the hell they're doing, and they use the best attributes of their ingredients -- flavor, texture, color, viscosity -- to concoct some of the most delicious and ingenious dishes known to man.We overheard the chef describing to a neighboring table the process of making the beet tartare and I nearly melted in my chair.I struggled with a yearning to try everything on the menu. My dining partner and I split two meals, mitigating the potential despair of having to choose only one. Said blow of despair was also tempered by the order of pâté (a dish I'll admit to resisting in "real" life), tiramisu (which is more like a nutty cake than OG tiramisu) and one entire bottle of wine, that was both heartily recommended and one of the cheapest bottles to boot.We walked in around 7 on a Thursday with no reservation, and had no trouble getting in. Waddling out, however, full as our stomachs were, was somewhat more difficult. I already feel a vortex-like draw to return. Next up, no question: beet tartare.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,7/6/2011,241,429,9,13,11>I dunno what's with all the hate. Could be inconsistency, could be they're changing stuff up for the better (I overheard a waitress say something to that effect).On this day, Foster Burger made me a freaking amazing char burger with super fresh veggies.  The special sauce is thousand island with a tartar tang.  The fries are a-mazing, the portion is superhuman.  Our waitress was quick and friendly and our order was delivered in a reasonable time.My desire to maintain an open mind was tested early.   There's a vestibule with a sign that indicated people should sign in.  For a burger joint?  Then the menu asks the "munchkin burger" be for kids only.  Well, is it a kid's menu item or not? If my mom came here she'd want to order it, so can she?  Lastly, the pops are limited to one free refill.  Wow. Damn, that's some bullshit unless there's hordes of bums roaming Foster that I didn't see any indication of.If it wasn't for that stuff I'd honestly consider five stars for Foster Burger. The burger was that good.  However I dunno if it's good enough for repeat cross town drives, so I'll just waive the normal deduction for limited pop refills in non-bum areas and drop the four stars.
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/13/2011,7/5/2011,758,866,30,18,10>So this is where the Vancouver swinger parties start... I was lost amongst a sea of 40 and 50 somethings looking to spice up that marriage. This is all inside the Red Lion on the waterfront in downtown.Came on a Saturday night around 10PM for a friends birthday and the place was packed. By far the largest group of people I have seen partying in one place in Vancouver - 150+I was told by a famous yelper from Vancouver it is pronounced "Key", not "Quay".As you enter the bar/club you are welcomed by boat riggings and nets welcoming you to the "ship". Drinks are cheap and all ages are fair game.Come set sail and drop anchor here. I'm sure many a captain has ended the night harpooning a whale after a few drinks here.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,7/4/2011,187,281,9,13,10>I spend entirely too much time at Tammie's. I'm pretty much a one trick pony when it comes to hobbies: I build and sail radio controlled model sailboats. More specifically, the little version called the Footy. I built my first boat from a kit, but that still involved many trips to Tammie's for glue, tools, paint, electronics, etc. My second boat (in progress) is a "from scratch" build. I found some plans on-line and purchased all of the materials (1/64" plywood, various shapes of basswood, aluminum and carbon fiber tubing, brass and stainless steel wire, etc., etc.), the vast majority of it at Tammie's.Tammie's doesn't specialize in sailboats - far from it. I guess the best thing you can say about Tammie's is that they don't specialize. Planes, trains and automobiles. And boats and helicopters. And so much more. If you have a hobby, check them out. I could spend an hour wandering the aisles on a day when I don't need a thing. They are pretty well staffed with friendly, knowledgeable folks.My only criticism (dock half a star, but round up) involves keeping up with stocking the shelves. It's quite deflating to MAX to Beaverton (Tammie's is a block from the Transit Center!) in need of a 0.188 hollow carbon fiber spar or a 3/32" stainless steel rod and find that particular bin empty (while those around it are well populated). Yes, both of these things have happened to me. I have forgiven them though. I'm probably off to Tammie's today for some tiny piece of brass hardware that I won't even attempt to describe.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,7/3/2011,276,315,11,11,8>Apparently, I'm the Duke of this place.  WTF?So, here's the lowdown.  The Matador is a great go-to place for stiff drinks and pub grub.  The low lighting does wonders to the patrons, most of whose faces will break mirrors.  The clientele is often a mish-mosh of PTown's usual demographics.  The biggest highlight is their perpetual showing of Patrick Swayze's movie, Road House.  It's always a joy when you walk into this dive bar and the scene blaring on the screen is an old-fashioned bar brawl.  There truly is nothing wrong with The Matador.  But that depends on your expectations.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,7/2/2011,145,218,5,8,14>How have I not written a review for what is commonly referred to as my "Happy Place?"I wake up early to walk here in the fog, I wake up early to walk in the sunrise. I plan sunset walks here too,  I stop by pretty much a few times a week with Mr. Gus.  Sometimes when it's nicer out, I leave him at home and bring the camping chairs down by the river and watch well behaved dogs fetch sticks out of the water.  Watch tugboats turn around for repair across the river, you can also see bridge lifts quite often just towards the skyline.  Awesome place for a picnic too. Weddings in the spring, concerts, and movies in the summer, Pirate festival sure draws 'em in,  Jazz does as well.   A few times I have helped with the park cleanup, it happens once a month all spring and summer.  The kind of things we find along the shore makes me think this isn't the best place to be late at night.  It's hard work, but it's more than worth it.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,7/1/2011,94,218,5,12,11>Khawp khun kha, Soi 9!  Thank you for creating food that explodes with flavor, is beautifully presented and served in an elegant yet understated atmosphere by friendly wait staff!I don't understand the negative reviews but the short review with one star is suspect as that is the only review from that particular person.  Possibly left by another Thai restaurant owner or employee?We went there for dinner last night and alerted the staff we would be using our groupon.  As another poster mentioned, the staff happily acknowledged this unlike some restaurant in other places who immediately cop an attitude when a groupon is mentioned.   We started with the chicken wontons.  They were crisp and the chicken inside was perfectly seasoned with lemon grass and perhaps galangal.  I rarely order duck unless it is served confit (crispy)  but the description of this special made my mouth water so I asked Mon, the owner/chef about it when she happened to stop by our table.  She described the dish.  I mentioned I generally don't order duck unless it is crispy and didn't like sweet food too much and she offered to crisp up the duck a bit and use fewer lychees so it wouldn't be too sweet.  I love a chef who is willing to push ego aside to alter one of their creations in order to please a customer.When this dish came out the aroma of the red curry with basil over the duck wafted toward me and I knew I was in for a treat!  The duck was cooked to perfection and the sauce with lychees and pineapple knocked my socks off!  This was an excellent dish (see photo)!  I think I just drooled on my laptop thinking about the sauce.My boyfriend ordered Phad Kee Mao and before he was half way done with it he was talking about returning for lunch this week.  The portions for both dishes were generous, which is a plus.  I was hoping for Thai leftovers for breakfast but my boyfriend is like a Hoover vacuum cleaner and ate every last bite of food, his AND mine!There is a nearby parking lot and as long as you spend $20 they will validate for up to 1 1/2 hours.  They are located in a residential condo tower and also will deliver to residents in this building.  The owner and staff go out of their way to accommodate their patrons and make sure they walk out happy customers.I highly recommend this place!  Thai food is my absolute favorite food in the world and this has now become my favorite Thai restaurant outside of Thailand!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2011,6/30/2011,113,470,18,19,17>Oh. My. God.  I love you Kyra and everything you make.I stopped in today for the first time, had a sample of the cinnamon roll and about died.  I had to buy a fresh one.  And then a cupcake.  And then another cupcake for my dairy free co-worker.  And then a mini cupcake in another flavor.  I mean, I worked out today.  Its all good.Seriously, tops on my list for gluten free options.  You have to come here and try it.  This shop will grow, hours will get longer, and I will have to beat up someone to get my fix before they sell out.  I'm scrappy folks, so watch out.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,6/29/2011,400,884,16,14,13>Santa was quite generous this year. He stuffed everyone's stocking with a boatload of chocolate. Everyone ate their goodies up pronto--except for one kid. Even though the girl had recently been chastised for keeping eatables in her room and creating a significant rodent infestation, she left her candy laying around on the floor. She "always" keeps her door shut, but last week it was "somehow" left ajar.Merry the Wonder Beagle must have had quite a time chowing down all that delicious dark chocolate. Unfortunately, the stuff can be deadly poison to a little pooch. GF found her in a crazed stupor among the empty chocolate wrappers and rushed her to the NoPo Vet Hospital.They pumped Merry's tummy and GF brought her home (almost) as good as new. I'm told she yakked up two giant wads of chocolate, interspersed with bright red chunks of Twizzlers and a smattering of Starbursts. Awesome.(Crazy.  We actually spent last Christmas Eve in a pet hospital after the dog ate a moldy orange out of the compost pile.)Keep chocolate far out of reach of your dog, but if he/she should ever need immediate care for this or any other kind of emergency, I highly recommend this pet hospital. They know their stuff, explain everything they're doing, and the prices are reasonable, too.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2007,4/14/2007,39,90,3,2,2>As a girl born and partly raised in NYC, I always have a random craving for a big and thin slice of New York style pie...this is the closest it gets.Tucked away on 23rd, the shop declines credit and debit cards and sticks to cash or checks. The decor is simple and funky and very similar to most pizza places in NYC. The slices are decently sized for the price and worth the 10 min walk from work to get some.Definitely 5 stars from me.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2007,4/13/2007,38,163,3,2,2>Oh VC, don't leave us. Word is this entire city block is going to be razed, taking down the dark, seedy, smoky and glorious VC with it. This is the place to order whisky, take a hipster date, and hang out in big dark wood booths for hours. Be sure to check out the walls: the VC hosts 2 awesome annual contests (or at least it used to, I haven't witnessed any myself): a drawing contest and a lipstick kiss mark contest. The drawing contest produces some incredible results, proving that art can happen with crayons and napkins...and probably a drink as well. The lipstick mark contest has several categories including sexiest, biggest, and best color. Now this is one contest I could win! Before the VC goes the way of the dinosaurs I intend to compete---and win, natch---at a kiss contest. Best shape? Oh, it's on!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2007,4/12/2007,23,0,4,4,3>Look, just because Portland doesn't have good Southern food, doesn't make this place delicious.  It's OKAY, but not great.  I'm not opposed to eating here, but I'd probably rather bust out a recipe and make my own gumbo.  As many have mentioned in reviews, Montage is better when you are slightly or entirely intoxicated.  Otherwise, it's not so good.  Oh, Montage.  I'm a pretty big fan of the silly things you wrap my leftovers up in (tinfoil hearts, elephants, etc), but keep working on that food...and I'll keep giving you chances, from time to time.
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2007,4/11/2007,14,55,2,2,1>Awesome and  huge waffles with fresh fruit, whipped cream and powdered sugar!I usually get a protein meal and then end up taking a bite of waffles from my kid's plate!  "MOM!  Get  your own!!"This became a tradition to eat at Elmer's after driving all the way out this side of town to get acupuncture done.  Wow!  What an appetite you get after that!Service is friendly, quick and while we always go at peak hours there is always plenty of seating.You go home full and probably don't have to eat for the rest of the day!  I've always come here for brunch and didn't realize that they even served steak!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2006,4/10/2007,113,152,2,3,1>It's the bomb, yo.Go to the bar downstairs (after 11) and get tasty drinks and a choice of nine different Ethiopian dishes for half price.  And play pinball.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2006,4/9/2007,58,154,5,2,3>Okay, so I have to admit, I have a feeling that if I lived in Portland, I wouldn't really go here that often.  I mean, I like doughnuts, don't get me wrong, but I'm not the type to go out of my way to buy a doughnut.  The thing is, Voodoo serves up some pastries that go way beyond the limitations of your average honey glazed ring of adult-onset diabetes inducing boredom.  Thus, when I heard about this place, I sure as hell knew I had to go out of my way to check it out.  And i was just dying for a reason to get out of this weird Tube shaped bar I had somehow ended up in, filled with just the type of people I figured a blue collar city like Portland was void of.  Ah, I'm a judgemental fuck.  Anyways, yes, the rumors are true.  Captain crunch on a doughnut!  Pepto-Bismol flavored doughnuts!  Doughnuts of weird shapes and sizes! Vegan doughnuts!  And they're even really good, like all light and melty in your mouth.  It's seriously some next level shit.  And I LOVE places that are open weird hours, like it's the best.  This place is genius.  It's so genius, it's almost too good--I feel kind of scared that some fucking dot-com yuppie from the marina in SF is going to move to Portland and somehow figure out how to make a chain out of this place somehow and ruin the quirky charm.  Portlanders, resist the yuppifacation of your city!  And eat VOODOO DOUGNUTS!  Gotta love a place with the slogan "The magic is in the hole"
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2006,4/7/2007,88,318,,2,2>I love Portland, OR and I love Urban Fondue! Husband and I are supposed to be living in Portland right now, but our plans fell through. I am still bummed about it and particularly bummed that there is nothing like Urban Fondue anywhere in SF!  It's a unique, cozy little place in a great neighborhood with comfortable seating and perfectly intimate dim lighting. This place is fantastic. The fondue is not oil-based...they offer various kinds of broth to cook your food in. We went for the vegetarian tomato fennel broth and it was delicious with big chunks of tomatoes, peppers, and parsnips. Yum!  I was also tempted by the different cheese fondue options, but I would have eaten it all since husband is cursed with lactose-intolerance. The dessert fondue was amazing! We dipped our cookie dough, cheese cake bits, fruit, and other goodies in a delicious black forest chocolate fondue (they have lots of other options, too). This is a great place for either a romantic, leisurely dinner (you are cooking your own food, so you're in it for the long haul), or a fun night out with a group of friends.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2006,4/6/2007,65,71,2,4,4>A friend took us to the Farm Cafe for dinner one night while we were in town for a wedding earlier this year and I have to say that I LOVED everything about it.  And let me just preface my review by saying that the three of us are big meat lovers and none of us missed the beef that night. Vegetarian, or not, the food is just plain good.From what we were told by our friend, the restaurant uses all locally bought, fresh, and organic ingredients which results in amazing food and a bit of that hippie kumbaya feeling of having done your body and the state some good.Yes, it's called the Farm Cafe, but I wasn't expecting the literal translation! The farmhouse looks old and rundown from the outside, but the interior is dark, warm, cozy and not at all what you would expect having seen the exterior. So, I was pleasantly surprised and somewhat relieved! We ate an early dinner and therefore missed the long waits though the restaurant was still filled with a diverse crowd of young, old, hippies, punks, families with children, and us tourists.The mint juleps were strong, flavorful, and probably the best I've ever had... which really doesn't mean much since it's not my drink of choice and I've probably only ordered this drink two other times in my life. Just being honest!We shared the Farm's cheeseball and though we were all trying to be polite and not take more than our share of cheese, we all ended up sneaking our forks back  to swipe a bit more cheesey goodness onto our plates. The thing disappeared far too quickly. I ordered the grilled halibut with the warm red pepper lentil salad and grilled squash and it was amazing! The fish was fresh, incredibly delicious, and so perfect with the understated spiciness of the warm lentil salad. I tried a bite of my fiance's salmon, and a bite of my friend's crab risotto, but I have to say that the Halibut was my favorite entree ordered that night. A great sign since I always end up wanting what the other person ordered.My friend insisted we order dessert. "Ok, twist my arm!" I picked the dulce de leche mascarpone cheesecake for the three of us to share, but I have to admit that it was a little disappointing texture-wise. It was still good, but not as creamy as I had hoped it would be. All in all, I wish there was a Farm Cafe in the OC.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2007,4/5/2007,2,9,,6,3>I've been noticing a trend in Portland:  The less expensive the cup of coffee, the more delicious it is.  For example: the strip malls shops serving weak and burnt-tasting hazelnut-infused joe and the ubiquitious International chain with the green logo will set you back just less than $2.  Albina Press, however, charges ONE BUCK for a cup of the most carefully  brewed and flavorful coffee in town.  Locally roasted Stumptown  is prepared in the French press method, and often by an award-winning barista named Billy (he placed 3rd and 2nd, respectively, in the 2005 and 2006 National Barista Championships.)But regardless of who's behind the counter, I have never been served anything less than a spine-tingling, smooth and rich cup of coffee, and I have NEVER see the bottom of my cup until it is actually empty.  In other words, this stuff is thick and non-translucent, which is the highest praise for coffee in my book.  Free wi-fi, spacious with plenty of natural light.   Paintings and photography by local artists rotate monthly.Pastries are by Crema, one of Portland's best bakeries.  It takes a lot for a coffee joint to stand out in a town lousy with coffee joints.  This one is leads the pack
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2007,4/4/2007,192,650,3,3,3>I miss this little place. I used to live within walking distance. Now that I don't, I can't seem to make it over there cause parking sucks so bad. It is really small, but the people that own it and work there are super friendly. They like movies. A lot. It makes me want to like movies a lot. You won't find the uber blockbuster like at Hollywood (for that matter, you won't find the psuedo porn either) here. You'll get classics and rare for sure. If you live in the neighborhood and/or are a film freak, then get a punch card. Its been a while, but they used to have them.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2007,5/16/2007,25,115,3,8,8>Portland has long needed a haven for live and DJed electronic music that *isn't* Top 40 or teenybopper rave. For years Dan Reed tried to cultivate such a space at Ohm in downtown PDX; alas, that venue's previous history as a coked-up blues club, combined with its nasty tendency to be overrun by Beaverton meat-market jarheads, eventually pulled the kill-switch on the whole adventure.But Holocene came along on the heels of Ohm and, thankfully, still seems to be running strong. If you prefer the punky electro-wave of (punctuationally clever) artists like Adult., Add N to [X], or T. Raumschmiere to the barbie-doll disco of mainstream clubs, Holocene is a very welcome sanctuary indeed.Of course, me being me, I can't resist erupting in a spate of complaints!Namely, my gripes are that (a) Holocene is too Euro-slick and minimalist for Portland's more historically grimy and gruff underground, thus paving the way for the ever-increased yuppification of close-in SE PDX; (b) too many of the bands and DJs lazily resurrect retro dance music rather than pioneer new sounds (which is what electronic music is supposed to be about, you clods!); and (c) it sucks that Holocene probably survives more because of its indie-hipster cachet than because it is a legitimate, unique, progressive electronic club. Sure, y'all like Yacht and LCD Soundsystem and Eats Tapes and the Juan Maclean and whatnot...but how about more breakcore, power noise, darkstep, dubstep, or other stuff that doesn't reek of cutesy tuneage for overeducated indie-rock babies, complete with the pink-and-blue nursery-school color schemes?All that aside, I support Holocene. It's just that, as a man who favors the integrity of radical artistic expression, I wish this venue were neither so "hollow" nor such a "scene."I now rate myself with 2 Yelp stars for making such a horrible pun.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,5/14/2007,52,78,3,14,11>Normally I wouldn't consider a fast food restaurant worthy of reviewing -- you get whatever and quickly leave before anyone sees you.  However.  Burgerville is really not your typical fast food place.The name is pretty cheesy, but the food is fabulous.  They offer fresh, local and sustainable foods.  This translates into turkey burgers, salads with fresh Oregon hazlenuts and strawberries, blackberry shakes, Gardenburgers, and my ultimate favorite -- sweet potato fries.  Ok, and also the pumpkin milkshake with local dairy milk.  You can certainly get the normal burger and fries type fast food there as well, but with their tasty and ever changing seasonal menu, why would you want to?  One more thing in the food for thought category:  Burgerville strives to be socially conscious. How many McDonalds chains can say that?  Check out their site and you will see articles ranging from their cage-free egg menu to how they recycle their trans fat free Canola oil into BIODIESEL, as well as the fact that they offer their employees health insurance.  They "serve fresh, flavorful food, while helping to create a healthy regional economy".  Right on.My only question is why the heck Seattle hasn't kicked out KFC or some other notoriously animal-cruel fast food processor (that clogs up our arteries with imported rainforest beef), and invited Burgerville into our community?
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/2/2007,5/12/2007,32,273,1,3,3>Roadside is all novelty, but not in a cheesy way. It's decorated like a, can you guess? Roadside Attraction. The inside actually is pretty standard, but the star is the patio, which is large and with plenty of seating. Out there, surrounded by a nice, private, fence, you'll be surrounded by charming old stoves, signs, and other memorabilia that seems to have been lifted from those lonely Nevada gas stations.I was charmed by roadside when it first opened, but since then there have been some negative changes, for one, they stopped taking credit cards-lame, and two, they took out their porch swing-unfathomable. Service is fine, they just need to hook up those credit machines and get that swing in order - stat.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,5/11/2007,34,27,1,4,2>I was glad I had my husband and kids with me so I didn't look like a PIG ordering everything in sight. The lamb stew was the best I'd ever had, hearty with chunks tender lamb and lots of locally grown vegetable. I finished mine and "helped" my hubby with his. The tuna salad sandwich made with local caught fish  and served on their daily bread was equally delish. I also tried a rhubarb crisp that still has my mouth watering. I can't wait to go back to try more......................
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2007,5/10/2007,9,71,,6,4>The service is so good you might think you stepped back into the 1950's. Unlike the BIG hardware stores there is always someone around to ask if they can help and they will patiently help you find whatever it is and take the time to explain to you what the hell to do with whatever widget you are buying. Here's the best part; just the other day i asked for a kit to repair a couple of old lamps. the guy took me over and showed me all the stuff I needed. when he saw my exasperation with the project he said "why don't you just bring them in here?". he said they will fix the lamps for $6 + parts. HEAVEN ON EARTH. Last week i broung in a chair I needed a strange part for and they found a part in a junk box, fixed the chair on the spot and sent me away for a mere $2.If there is a better hardware store in any other major city, I'd be surprised. OK they are not stocked like home depot but they always offer to order anything you are looking for.I prefer to shop at locally owned stores so I always go here before I head to fred meyer, lowes or when hell freezes over, home depot. Portland, these guys (and sweet gals at the cash registers) deserve our business!!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2007,5/9/2007,80,121,,1,1>Super cool, surprisingly hip, fresh urban culture store.  It's Japanese owned and run. They've got all the fresh new kicks lined up on the shelves.  So for all you shoe heads, this is a place to visit if you're in town.The upstairs is an art gallery, with art on display and available for purchase.  They have a 'clothes' rack of art prints that was available in my price range.  There is a good selection of urban imported magazines and books.When you walk in, you enter to a few rows of cutesy Japanese stuff.  Candy, figurines, and all kinds of trinkets.I got 'lost' in there for a good 30 minutes before I got pulled across the street to Upper Playground.Definitely a place to visit for a fresh twist on style.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2007,5/8/2007,7,25,,2,2>It's kind of hard to screw up spaghetti.  It's obviously a lot harder to get people to leave a restaurant when they live in Oregon.   The wait was the only complaint I had about this place, but it could have been one of those days.  Other than that, it was fine.   Attractive waitress staff too....Yelpidy, yelpidy, yelpidy...
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2007,5/7/2007,29,67,,2,2>I wish I lived in Portland.  Having traveled to Isaan (NE Thailand) a couple of times, I can attest to the authenticity of this menu.  More importantly, it's extremely delicious, full of fresh herbs, veggies, flavors.  Can be crowded -- even on a cool Wednesday night.  I imagine it would be a horrible wait on weekends.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2007,5/6/2007,456,631,,1,3>Some of the best, most fun vintage clothing.Besides walking out of their like a hipster on crack or an S&M dominatrix, the cool thing is just that, you CAN do that if you needed to.The array of fun sunglasses and boomin' stereo made it a fun shopping adventure with friends. It's in a great neighborhood and the selection really is colorful and extensive. A bit pricey, but if you dig deep enough you'll find some gems,  I bet! They also have some new clothing as well, have no fear.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2007,5/5/2007,339,252,1,1,1>i love portland, i think if i didn't live here, i'd live in portland.  there are so many cool things to do in pdx, and one of them is seeing a show at doug fir.  at first, i only went there because i know the guy who owns it and i wanted to support his new venture.  but now, the place stands up on it's own - i love the kitchy lincoln-log-meets-60s-ski-lodge interior, their booking agent gets tons of great bands, and the downstairs space where they play is cozy but gives you the "i'm seeing a cool band in a small intimate venue" feeling, and their food is yummy and comforting, dinner and bar menu is served till last call (which is 2:15 in portland - why they hell aren't OUR bars open till 2:30???).  i always seem to find a lot of nice eye candy there too, especially downstairs.  if you look at my profile, where it asks me who my current crush is, you'll see "a guy a saw from afar at a club in portland" - this was the club.  and adjacent to the fir is the jetson's-like Jupiter hotel, once a travel lodge but transformed into this fabulous complement to its woody neighbor.  last time i was there, they had their annual art walk with music by Portland's own Stephen Malkmus (pavement) with the drummer from Sleater-Kinney, at a party in the hotel's courtyard.  and i was in the front row.  fabulous.  that would've never happened in SF. i "heart" the fir.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,8/26/2007,30,512,5,5,5>At first glance this small and independently-owned pet shop would appear to peddle your typical offerings of supplies, toys, and accessories. Meat, however, is also advocating for raw-foods diets for your pets, and most of its business is raw pet food.  According to the friendly folks at meat, there are many advantages to feeding your pet biologically appropriate raw foods (that's to say, what they are meant to be eating!).  So, even though their food will cost a little more, your furry friend will be much healthier and happier.  At Meat, you can either purchase pre-mades, which are complete meals in easy-to-use patties or medallions.  Or, if you'd prefer, go ahead and buy components to build your own dog or cat meal out of meat, bones, organs, oils, veggies, and supplements.Meat sounds like a smart and gross idea, and they've gained a following in Portland.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2007,8/25/2007,344,213,2,3,5>Mais oui.  Their pain au chocolat is killer.  However, it has spoiled me and now theirs is the only one I want.  It's probably a good thing that I live 600 miles away.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2007,8/24/2007,5,4,3,5,3>Located toward the South end of the popular NE/SE28th Ave strip, Noble Rot is a nice small place to have a glass of wine and eat a variety of tasty small plate meals.  The wine selection is very nice and can be a bit pricey by the glass, but they do sell by the bottle some retail selection toward the back of the restaurant.  There was a corkage fee of $7 so this leads me to believe that you can bring your own bottle, but that was not confirmed.  There is outdoor seating on the sidewalk, but mind the birds over head.  We were sitting and the couple next to us moved their chairs a bit do to "bombs" from above.  I had to laugh because over head were a few crows and all I could think of was the Windex commercial where the crows were messing with the guy.  Sometimes I wonder if birds don't do thing on purpose.But back on course - Of the few times I've been there the food and wine have always been consistent and very tasty.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.  whether it is a romantic date or dinner of one, I recommend it.noblerotpdx.com/noblerot
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,8/23/2007,50,269,,7,1>EDIT:  This location has closed, BOOO!!  There is a sign up saying they are moving to 7915 SE Stark. However, we drove by tonight (9/17) and they are still doing construction.  --------------------------------------------------­-----------------I am a recent transplant from San Francisco (Don't hate me!), and I was a little nervous about finding a replacement for my beloved taquerias.  I eat Mexican food so often, it's just "food", part of my daily life.  I noticed this place when I was out on a walk with my pups, as we live nearby, and thought I'd give it a try.  At first, walking in, we were a bit skeptical because it was kind of empty.  It was after 8pm, so maybe that was why.  We had two different people come by asking for a drink order, and to bring water/chips, and it was a little while before the server came by.  I think maybe he was new, he seemed a little unsure of himself.  But we were taken care of by the other two gals, so can't complain too much.  The chips, my god!  Hot and salty and served with fresh salsa.  We polished off two bowls within minutes, it seemed.  It was a sign of good things to come.  I had the chicken flautas, which were deep fried and stuffed with cheese, served with guacamole, sour cream, tomatoes, olives and a side of rice and beans.  All for under $10!  Extremely large plate of food and it was all like a taste of heaven.  My husband opted for the Carnitas tacos, also with rice and beans, and was a plate with 3 stuffed FULL tacos.  Extremely moist and flavorful.  And you can't beat the house margaritas, yum!I docked it down to 4 stars only because the service was a little lacking for such a slow night.  We got what we needed, but I had to flag him down a few more times than should be necessary.    We'll be back.  Again and Again.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,8/22/2007,13,43,1,4,5>I think Rotture (still can't fully pronounce this) is the first place to deserve a five star rating from my critical self. Let's start from the beginning. Parking is great, location is great, entrance is very mysterious, you have to walk up a huge red carpeted stair case so you have no idea what you are getting yourself into really. Once in the joint, you have a full stage, bar, seating area with large floor space and towards the back of upstairs is a great outdoor deck with an awesome view of the city. Downstairs is a whole other dance floor with stage and bar. The drinks are good, fair priced, bathrooms are fine, people are nice, the dress is very trendy, but you can wear whatever you want (I saw a dude wearing a raincoat) (I also saw a dude with a really crazy afro) catch the drift........They have reasonable cover charge fees and decent bands, all in all, Rotture is rocking. Definitely check it out! You will have fun. Feel free to go alone, or with a group...I saw a dude with his lap top there...it's extremely random.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2007,8/20/2007,0,0,2,8,7>After ten *golden years* as a professional cosmetologist,I decided to hang up my shears for good.So when I decided to move to the bay area,I knew it was goodbye free colour and cuts for me.Boo hoo.So.. the real journey begins...Now,who's gonna do my  hair?I have literally tried out a million salons in SF,and some good,some bad.But there was always something missing.They just didn't WOW me.I want to look *movie star*hot and I always somehow ended up looking like the understudy.Sooo,I decided on one of my trips back home, years ago,I would check this salon out everyone in Portland kept ranting and raving about.And boy am I glad I did.On my very first visit,I got lucky.My stylist Annie,transformed me into a crowning glory goddess.The salon itself is a beautiful space,gorgeous hardwood floors,natural light throughout,which I personally like,so you can really see the true look of the colour afterwards.Music that won't drive you crazy,awesome customer service.And the really cool part...It's affordable!The same,exact service in SF would be double the price.. and..not necessarily turn out that great and I'm really NOT tryin to pay hundreds of dollars to get my hair done,dig?I haven't been able to get back home as often as I would like,but when I do,I'm looking Annie up.Oh Annie,darling.......
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2007,8/19/2007,65,138,,6,5>We haven't visited many new places lately, and after skimming through Yelp and finding the Kalga Kafe ... we were pleased with what we discovered.It's seat yourself (and we literally JUST beat a big crowd of people). We had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. We sat at the bar and enjoyed a beer before out meal and perused the menu. It's not extensive but they have some great choices. We ordered the Samosas and the Chole Bhatoore. Both were delicious - unique, fresh, filling.The service is also friendly and impeccable. I always consider it a good sign when you ask the server for their recommendation between 2 items and they recommend the less expensive.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2007,8/18/2007,35,130,3,6,5>Strangely enough, I visited the Bridgeport on Hawthorne three times over the course of one week in July as part of a work-related interview panel. Reading the Yelp reviews, I didn't expect much, but Oh My God. See, there was this grilled-cheese sandwich on the menu with this fascinating combo of brie, green apples, and caramelized onions. I ordered this sandwich on Friday, Tuesday, and Thursday. Really, I haven't had a food crush like this in a long time. OK, I'll shut up now about the sandwich. Anyway, other than that, just a pretty standard Portland brewpub, right down to the composting containers hanging out next to the kitchen. Like I said, I was working while I was there, so sadly can't vouch for the beer or anything much else for that matter...four stars for that sandwich tho.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,8/17/2007,3,77,,8,6>This unassuming Hawthorne store looks like a generic "dollar store" operation from the outside, but take the time to check it out.  I guarantee it will put a smile on your face.When you enter, the proprietor asks if you have been in before, and if you say "no" he hands you one of their products and invites you to demonstrate it.  I don't want to ruin the surprise with too many details, but the group of strangers I entered with all smiled and laughed when he was done.The stock is all a dollar or less, but not your usual dollar store fare.  There are a lot of art supplies, a lot of kiddie-type magic tricks, color changing balls, books, etc.  I walked out having spent four bucks, and got it all back when I threw the color changing ball to my wife and saw her expression when it changed from yellow to red in mid-air.  Whee!Hard to describe this place, but it has lots of low-dollar fun for the kids, or the the juvenile lurking inside you.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2007,8/16/2007,13,254,1,4,3>I love the Vespa store! Nothing beats hopping on one of their sassy scooters and taking one out for a quick test drive.  The store is just as cool as the scooters they sell, with a sexy collection of clothing for the biker babe and biker dude in all of us. Ultra cool leather jackets, t-shirts that are rock star hot, and helmets so hip that you might just want to keep it on while you're walking around town.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,10/18/2009,56,95,6,8,7>I kind of just want to hug the Portobello Vegan Trattoria, look it in its eyes and say, "you are what I have been looking for all my life." Instead, a yelp review will have to suffice.So I went here, not sure what to expect, and was blown away! The food was very well made, the flavors and textures perfect, and the variety perfect (not too much but enough to be choosey). First, my friend and I started with a plate of bountiful olives and the faux goat cheese ball which was covered in a pesto sauce and served with bread and apples. Wow, can vegan cheese really be that amazing?! I am a vegetarian and usually turn my nose up at such a silly idea, but this faux cheese ball was so good I could eat it everyday of my life! Ok, maybe I'm being dramatic but it was really good! Then I ordered a small order of the spaghetti with meatballs. For a measly $5 I got a nice sized plate of zucchini spaghetti in a chunky tomato sauce topped with a walnuty meatball. Divine! No other words... Also, I ordered a side of the asparagus with cashew cream sauce that was great and big enough to take home for later. For all of this food, which was a lot, it was under $20 before tip. Which at this point, might I add the staff that night was too cute and super sweet. Thanks Portobello Vegan Trattoria! I will be back soon!
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2009,10/17/2009,152,351,10,13,12>Exploring unknown territories! Encountering unusual locals! Partaking of strange foodstuffs!  Or, how I make pinching pennies fun. Sort of. Make it: An Adventure in Frugality!Walking past this Wonder Bread outlet near work, I must admit I was never tempted to go in. The run-down building, weed-choked parking lot, lifeless windows do not beckon. And who the hell actually eats Wonder Bread? I'm from deep Mississippi and we didn't even touch the stuff there.But, it's 2009, and now I'm a savvy spender, a squirrelly saver. No outlet can remain unexplored.Yes. There is a lot of Wonder product, a lot Debbie Ho-Ho Zinger pies, high-fructose corn syrup pumped in through the air system, etc.BUT, but, there is also some Bob's Red Mill, some unadulterated rye bread ($1/loaf), some jam with more fruit than sugar. Staff are very friendly, and stock rotates frequently with just enough truly good stuff to make it worth the adventure.No pith helmet required.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,10/16/2009,53,263,23,21,20>Yup, yet another reason to bike to dinner.  No, it's not just to get $1 off your pizza altho who could turn that lagniappe down?  And while nothing says, "I love you Gaia" like walking/biking/rollerblading or any other non-greenhouse gas forming transportation (Sorry, no bovine taxis at Kyoto protocol 2.0), that's not it.  Gas prices are slowly creeping up as the torpid economy starts to think about reviving so getting around town via pedal power that relies on cheap lactic acid production is never a bad choice but nah, that's not the real reason either.You see, I've come to the conclusion that the only way I'm going to stop myself from gorging on yummy slightly chewy thin rustic crust, tangy garlicky marinara, & bubbly caramelized fresh mozzarella with zingy leafy basil till I burst [Glutton, glutton!] is suffering through the bike ride home.  $12 gives you a 12" scrumptious made-to-order margherita pie that is so good it will force you to eat those last few heavenly slices cuz it's neopolitan & waferrrrrr thin.  [eatEatEAT!]  And your penance?  That slightly urpy feeling as you fold yourself over the handle bars while your abused distended pooch fights with your diaphragm for that valuable abdominal cavity real estate.That's right, the friendly innocuous looking owners are actually mischief demons (Damn you, CGI!) & will gleefully encourage you to the depths of dietary debauchery.  Tomato season?  "We've got sweet juicy homegrown sungold tomatoes we can pop on there for you."  Mad scientist tendencies?  "We've been telling people to bring in toppings to experiment with...."  Yup.  Pedal power to the rescue cuz I've got some marinated grilled eggplant & chèvre with their name on it.  [urp.]
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,10/15/2009,426,1757,16,25,23>Art and commerce.  Saints and sinners.  Order and chaos.They make the world go round.  Especially the art world.  I know it is much cooler to be artsy and independent, but art museums live and die by sponsorships.  Just look at the names on the gallery walls.  Then think about all the masters who had works commissioned by the church (they had some of the deepest pockets back in the day) juxtaposed with the current touring exhibit at PAM - art created for and collected by a mistress for her king and his court.  You have the traditional main building connected to the renovated Mark Building (masonic temple) and Jubitz Center filled with the oddity that is the contemporary art collection.  So many little rooms and galleries, that I usually get a bit lost, which is not such a bad thing.I've been coming here for over 10 years and just keep waiting to fall in love.  And there have been sparks, but most of those have nothing to do with the art.  You see, I must disclose, that I work for the man.  And when times were flush, I had the good fortune of attending several galas in the PAM ballrooms and it is a wow of a venue [1].Whenever I go to a museum or gallery, I do a quick pass through the halls looking for something to stop me dead in my tracks.  Then I usually stand in slack-jawed gaze in front of 'the one' for about an hour.  It is becoming harder and harder for me to find something magical outside of the special exhibitions.  After having been to many museums in many countries, PAM strikes me as a great overview of different styles (Asian, Native American, European) for the local community, but it isn't spectacular in any of these areas.  On my visits, I'm usually surrounded by a mix of school groups, seniors and families and I think it is a good place to visit for everyone who lives in Portland.  Just not a must see destination.  And I suggest you time your visit to see a touring exhibit that makes your heart go pitter-pat.[1] The reason my overall rating is a 4 and not a 3.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,10/14/2009,148,236,14,16,17>If North Bar is the answer, the question must be: "Where can we have a weeknight cocktail and hold a conversation without too much personal or financial investment?" This little place sorta has the "hip neighborhood watering hole" thing down. Low lighting, fairly strong cocktails, decent beer selection, etc. The missus and I cruise in here every now and again for a happy hour drink. We normally try to sneak into one of their more secluded booths and stay outta sight. The service is pretty good, if a little slow on some nights. That said, you shouldn't necessarily expect a neighborhood bar to be bunny-fast. In fact, I don't think I'd appreciate that. One thing that was missing: Bombay Sapphire. Really? Booze. Near. Home. Those three words would make North Bar good enough for me, but the ambiance definitely keeps North in the starting rotation.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2009,10/12/2009,80,286,12,13,12>Some helpful hints about wedding cupcakes at Beaverton Bakery1. They taste like Grandma's2. They look like Grandma's3. They cost very little, like Grandma (?)4. They are baked several days before your event, like how Grandma baked when people were coming over and bringing hotdish. 5. They are not presented well, unlike Grandma who is all about presentation.But the champagne cake topper for $25.99, I would buy and eat one of those things every weekend, making up stories of my weekend weddings under assumed names. Damn it was good.Grandma aside. If I wanted a wedding cake, and a gorgeous one, I would be all over Beaverton Bakery. The staff was friendly, helpful, efficient and quite knowledgable. The owner even walked us over to the special 'Wedding Cake' portion of the shop and sat us down for a Grandfatherly chat about his goods. Awwwngh, Grandpa.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,10/11/2009,74,37,13,13,16>What do you do when one of your best buddies calls you up and tells you they've found the most amazing place ever and they can't explain how it's so awesome but there's drinking involved and he's been there since 2pm and you have to come noooowwwww?!!? Oh, and it's in Oregon City.(Heh? I barely even know what direction that's in.)Well, you just get in your car, and you go. Obviously. I don't use that monstrous metal machine of mine for just anything, and let me tell you, this place did not disappoint. It's the kind of joint that makes you wish it was right next door to your house so you could get properly shithoused off of their fine, fine seletion of brews. I've never been to the United Kingdom so I'm not gonna go around disputing the authenticity of this place either way. But I can tell you, it feels cozy and lived-in the moment you enter. And when that sweetheart the Belhaven IPA wrapped herself around my taste buds? All I could think was, "where have you been all my life? Hiding with your buddy, the wee heavy, I see."It was a night marked by several firsts...First time I kicked some genuine man-friend butt at cricket.First taste of a real pricey fancy schmancy scotch. Smokey and dirty and umm...sick? Oh, no, no, no not for me. Erase memory from mouth with cigarette and replace with...First scotch egg. Sweet jesus, now there's a fabulously ridiculous concotion. Yes, please. These are healthy, right?First view of Scotland. Okay, so this was more like me getting dragged by my buddy who'd been drinking for six hours to the upstairs patio and being told to squint with one eye and hold my thumb just so over the road sign below in order to take in the oddly industrial scene, craggy cliffs in the distance, and falls of the Willamette. Maybe it was the Belhaven really sinking in, or some sort of contact drunk, but for a brief moment, everything aligned just right and I caught a glimpse of her, the lovely land of Scots.And oy, how I want to go back.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,10/10/2009,35,130,7,13,9>It's a public house folks, not a bar. You'll see families here early in the evenings, parties of 6+ squeezing in together at booths made for 4, kids traipsing about. But oh my, I've been to plenty of "family friendly" establishments, and none has met this goal quite as naturally as County Cork. 1. Small Child's $5 fish & chips plate fed her, me, and we still had leftovers. Ridiculous.2. For entertaining the kiddies they have, get this: a shelf of books. And get this: the kids LOVE the shelf of books. I've seen groups of kids just sitting next to the shelf, READING QUIETLY, whilst grownups enjoy a pint. This is making me loathe the idea of the sticky, sticky plastic toy bin at most kid-centric places that just seem to make kids fight over the offerings. Books! BOOKS!3. Experiences with the staff have been great. One hostess in particular kept track of Small Child and I on a busy night, constantly checking in and updating us as to when a table might be ready, directing us to aforementioned Shelf of Books, and swooping in with the crayons and coloring menu as soon as a table was available.4. The food is pub food. Meaning it's mostly mediocre, and they have all the standards: fish & chips, bangers & mash; etc. Charming Boy Companion loved his first experience with Irish soda bread, and the veggie burger with homemade lentil patty is...not bad. The fish & chips made me want to never order fish & chips ever again. Greasy to the extreme.I'm *this* close to becoming a winter regular here. It's a great place to hunker down on a snowy night for a few hours. If only they had a fireplace!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2008,10/9/2009,189,522,6,6,7>I hate you i hate you i so hate you! Why must you be so close to home,and taste so good! Should i just sign my paychecks over to you? I just can't believe it, being how i've never had faith in oregon sushi and now there are two places in my area that i absolutly love.  Today i had the toshi-don, crab salad on sushi rice. Ok doesn't sound bad. it came out and looked ugly but it tasted so good.  i also had the toro and yum. i just don't have any descriptive words, just Give Me MORE!.  i picked off some of my friend's sushi when he wasn't looking. Sucks to be him for being easily distracted. The piece that stood out the most was the unagi. I myself am not a fan but since it was the closest piece it went first. It was delicious. not mushy, awesome texture that you know it wasn't just another piece of fish, and of course the most important thing, it taste great!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,10/8/2009,70,87,12,13,12>Let me give you a pointer if you haven't already figured it out for yourself: If you are trying out a Mexican restaurant that is new to you, order 4-5 tacos, each with a different meat. I find it best to go with chicken, asada, carnitas, and adobado. This way you can focus on the meat to decide what you like the best. Later visits are for trying out your favorite meats in a burrito or enchilada (or in the case of this place, stick to the tacos which are the best items on the menu and only a buck a pop). This principal is modified from the "try the cheese pizza first" method of "lowbrow" culinary exploration. So, I like all the meats I have tried here. I would have to say that I favor the adobado above the others, but they really are all good (BTW, I am not a brain, tongue, or intestine eater, but I would imagine they are good if that type of thing turns you on). They serve their tacos with the cilantro and onions on the side so you can control how much you put on, but for me, the more the merrier (pile it on baby!). All the meat is flavorful and the sauce they drench the adobado with is near perfect. Fine, double stacked tortillas packed with plenty of meat. Also of note, I hadn't been here for about two years before today (I have no excuse as to why I neglected this place and I am disappointed in myself) and I see a marked improvement in cleanliness. Not to say you could perform surgery here.  In fact, the patient would likely die, or at the very least get a serious staph infection and quite possibly gangrene.  But it is a hell of a lot cleaner than in the past. I mean, before it seemed like their idea of cleaning was hanging the multiple fly strips they used to have strategically placed near the kitchen. There is nothing wrong with greasy Mexican food, with the exception of the detrimental health effects of course. This is the way I like my tacos and I will continue to come here during the work week.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,2/10/2014,13,997,3,10,6>After liking our first experience I had a craving to return and try the thin crust. We got their large 1-topping special (they had various topping options, we chose pepperoni) with thin crust. I asked for extra bake time so it would be crispy, but upon returning home we did have to bake it for an additional 15 minutes to get it to our liking. No stars knocked off for that though since this is typical for us to have to do. We just like crispy NYC style pizza--not limp slices.After it's second run in the oven it came out perfect. We really liked their thin crust. Though their regular is fairly thin as well. Pizza is always better when there are more toppings than bread.I got a garden salad this time. I felt like it had too many croutons and I wished it has mushrooms.My first experience here was really good. There was only one guy running the whole place and he was really friendly. This second trip the people running the place seemed completely new and frazzled. The pizza came out just as good, but I did have to patiently wait for them to organize themselves.Their menu says they accept cash and credit cards, but they do not accept American Express. Same things applies from my last review: this location does not have seating. Earlier I thought this place was take out only but it turns out they do deliver for an extra $4.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/9/2014,134,123,8,11,10>Have you ever had a dish.. and you thought it was just okay? Then you tried that dish with an additional ingredient and it changed your life??? That's what happened to me. Yes. Changed. My. Life. :)I've always thought BBH (Bun Bo Hue; spicy beef noodle originating from Hue?) is greater than Bun Rieu (noodle dish in a crabby tomatoey broth with lumps of crab and other stuff and tofu.. sorry, i don't really eat it so I don't know what all goes into it). As you can tell, I don't care much for bun rieu. However, I do love me some escargot. So when my bff's wife recommended this place for their bun rieu oc (Oc = escargot), I was easily convinced to try it. I love escargot and it did not disappoint in this dish (bowl?)! The flavor of the broth itself was quite tasty. I think often times I don't care for bun rieu is due to the over powering taste of the tomato flavor and chunks of soggy cooked tomato. It just does not sound appetizing to me. The bun rieu oc did not have this issue. Plus, a nice scoop of shrimp paste added a nice pungent flavor. The floaty balls had a nice texture from the escargot, too. It was so good. I was unsure about it, so I asked my dad to share half of my bowl when I ordered. I was sad that I did that because I wanted more... And more I got because I returned the next day and had an entire bowl to myself moooahahahhhaha!!!Be forewarned, the noodle bowls here are HUGE. Totally worth it, but it could probably be shared by two people if there were appetizers ordered as well. Try their sesame balls. Bomb and vegan, too!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,2/8/2014,106,368,1,12,9>After a gentlemanly apology and an offer to make things right we decided to give Bleachers another try. So glad we did! On our second visit to Bleachers there was a lively crowd enjoying a University of Oregon football game. The staff was dressed in U of O jerseys and everyone was having a great time. Despite the huge crowd Bleachers was providing excellent service to its customers.The bar food at Bleachers is fantastic. Homemade batters and French fries. Delicious burgers and tasty cole slaw. We sampled the Spicy Chicken Burger, onion ring appetizer, and the Chicken Tender Dinner. We were more than satisfied with our food.Owner Ben comped one of our dinners due to problems on our previous visit. Hats off to Ben for caring about his customers and for his ability to correct mistakes! Oregon didn't win that night but Bleachers won two loyal customers. Bleachers Sports Bar & Grill is a good example of what a business can do to right a wrong and retain customers. So proud to have Bleachers in my neighborhood.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,2/7/2014,90,158,5,11,7>If I could give Annelise 6 stars, I would.  Lady, I am in LOVE.  Backstory...I went to another salon, paid $40 for a haircut, LOVED it.  Loved the hairdresser.  Loved the cut.  Then she left.  Of course I can't find her. So I get cut by another lady at the salon.  HATE it.  Worst haircut I've had in a decade.  Terrible shelf cut in my "deep V".  I have hair most of the way down my back and she butchered it to the point where I didn't get a hair cut for 5 months, terrified of what I would get when I tried again with someone new.  It's very intimidating, finding a new haridresser.So I turned to my good friend, Yelp for some help.  (see that, I rhymed) I found a few good reviews at Twisted Locks which is half-way between my house and my office.  Also open on Saturday for early appointments.  Awesome.  I call Thursday and they can get my in with Annelise Saturday afternoon.  Even better.  So here I go.As previously mentioned, I have LONG hair.  It's curly.  And oily.  I went in with un-washed hair so she could see all my issues at their worst.  She wasn't scared.  She washed me up good, then went to work.  She did EXACTLY what I asked.  Deep V.  Only took off what I needed.  (once a hairdresser complained loudly about people who come in once a year and ask for a trim, less than an inch, expecting that to solve their problems.  So now I just tell them "take what you need to make my hair healthy')But it didn't stop there.  Then she put some Moroccan oil in my hair and blew me out.  Then flat ironed me (about a 45 minute proposition...) Cleaned up the cut, showed me, asked if I wanted it steeper.  Yep, I did.  No problem, she went to work.  Then texturized the cut so it would lay better when curly.  Then finished me off.Next was the second best thing about my day:  She gave me the best tips I've ever gotten.  How to use dry shampoo, something that I've always wanted to try but have been too intimidated.  And how to keep my crazy hair from flying away by using hair spray while ironing...  Perfect.  I've NEVER loved my hair so much as I did walking out of the salon.One step more, she made chit-chat.  Asked me questions, tried to get to know me a bit.  I don't even care that the salon is above Subway.  Great, it smells like fresh bread instead of perm solution.  It's a bit on the small side, but doesn't feel cramped. Plenty of well-equipped stations.  The employees seemed to genuinely get along.  I will be back.  in three months.  And every three months for as long as Annelise works here.  Thank you, for making my love my hair.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,2/6/2014,33,87,11,14,12>Are you moving?  Do you want to break your back moving those heavy boxes and couches? ... Yeah, I didn't think so!Eddie and Brian showed up at my place ready to go for my 3PM appointment.  These guys wasted no time!!  They hopped out of the truck, shacked my hand, asked where the items were that I wanted moved -- and before I could say anything else, they were both boxes in arms!!I was quoted 320 bucks over the phone, but they were so fast that I only ended up paying 220 (2hr minimum)!!  They charge by the hour, so it was nice to see some hustle.These guys were great!  They asked where I wanted things moved in my new place, made me do a 2nd run-through to ensure things were completely moved and setup correctly... and most importantly, they did not damage my stuff!All I can say... forget about bribing your friends with "pizza and beer" and spending half the day moving.  Spend a VERY reasonable amount of money, and just get into that new place of yours and settle -- just packing and unpacking!Seriously, go with them.  I was extremely impressed with their professionalism, super fast service, along with their friendly conversation.Thank Eddie and Brian!!-MattP.S.  For the women moving... you will find these guys quiet appealing!  ;)
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,2/5/2014,211,267,7,15,8>As I write this post, I am drinking my very last juice - the Om - after a 3 day juice cleanse. That's 72 hours, 18 juices, one Alyssa.I had tried PJP here and there in the past at events and always thought their juices were tasty. I was, however, vehemently against doing a juice cleanse. So many of my friend and acquaintances had done them through other organizations, and I heard horror stories of hunger, exhaustion, and, erm, bowel movements.It didn't seem healthy to me to forgo all that fiber, but the growing popularity intrigued me. Several of my coworkers had finished juice cleanses through PJP and had very positive feedback. In the end, it was a coupon that pushed me over the edge (the Jew in me prevails) and I found myself signing up for 3 days of juice. Oy.I decided to do it over a weekend so that I would, in theory, be awake less hours and could just hole up in my house and cry over all the delicious foods my friends were eating without me.The first day, Friday, I felt great. I even worked out that night, and I never felt hungry. I didn't even finish my 6th juice, I was too full of liquids, and decided to reserve it for the next day. Saturday, I woke up feeling good. It wasn't until about 5pm that the hunger started to kick in, but one of the more filling juices set me straight - and that extra juice from Friday didn't hurt :) The worst part was when I got a last minute invite to a free dinner through work - I'm talking GOOD food and good wine...and I couldn't go. that was pretty tragic. But I told myself that food and wine would always be there...and surprisingly, it didn't seem so bad.Sunday, same deal. I was a little hungry throughout the day, but I was surprised at just how filling the juices were and how little I was really craving anything else. I even made it to hot yoga, and while I was STARVING when I got home, a seasonal sweet potato juice left me feeling satisfied. Unlike many of my fellow juice cleansers, I can't say that I feel "amazing" - in truth, I feel about the same as I always do, maybe just slightly hungrier :) However, I was already a fairly healthy eater and didn't have any extreme sugar or caffeine dependencies (I love cheese, but who doesn't?!) What was the most surprising thing was how easy it was to not have food. Never did I feel like I needed something other than the juices - perhaps it's because they're just so damn DELICIOUS and with 6 a day, you get a ton of variety. Even as I finish my last juice, the idea of eating tomorrow isn't something that excites me that much.The best thing about the cleanse, is it made me realize going without bad food is much easier than I thought it would be - it's just all about self control. It's inspired me to continue making good food choices - I've already prepared food for the week which consists of lots of veggies, whole grains, low on dairy, etc. I'm excited to see if extended healthy eating makes any changes in how I feel or look, and I know that I have the willpower to keep going through now.LONGEST YELP POST EVER!Basically, the short story is - if you're thinking about doing a cleanse, I can't recommend PJP enough. They're super nice, helpful, friendly and professional. The juices - 1. the Guru- Apple, Beet, CarrotI love this one! If you like beets, this juice is for you. 2. the Prana- Romaine, Cilantro, Collard Greens, Cucumber, Lemon, GingerOK, this is my LEAST favorite of the juices, but I don't lke collared greens. I had one of these during my cleanse, and subbed the seasonals for the other days.3. the Dharma- Kale, Spinach, Parsley, Apple, LemonYum! Like a salad you can drink!4. the Dharma2- Pineapple, Coconut h20, Kale, Spinach, LemonThis was the perfect post-hot yoga drink. Hydrating, refreshing, filling, delicious. 5. the Mantra- Red Bell Pepper, Carrot, Apple, Broccoli, Cayenne PepperI didn't think I was going to like this one, but I actually did! It's not my favorite still, but it's tasty.6. the Om- Hazelnuts, Cinnamon Stick, Dates, Filtered Water ($8.00)By far the most filling, most delicious drink on the menu. It tastes like dessert!Seasonals - Orange Bell Pepper, Pineapple, Celery, Lime, JalapenoI had one of these during the cleanse and i loved it! A little spicy, a lot delicious.Ginger, Lemon, Raw Honey, Filtered WaterI didn't have this as part of the cleanse since it's just not really enough sustenance, but it's delicious!Almonds,Raw Cacoa,Vanilla Bean, Sea Salt, Filtered Water ($8.00)This one wasn't my favorite - I tasted it but opted not to have it in the cleanse (the Om is better!) Kale, Cucumber, GrapeI really liked this one and had 2 in my cleanse! Sweet Potato, Carrot, Apple, CinnamonMy second favorite to the Om! It's nice and thick and filling and just downright delicious!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,2/4/2014,949,916,39,38,34>YOU MUST GET THE YOU MUST GET THYOU MUST GET TYOU MUST GETYOU MUST GEYOU MUST GYOU MUSTYOU MUSYOU MUYOU MYOUYOYSSLSLOSLOWSLOW BSLOW BASLOW BARSLOW BAR BSLOW BAR BUSLOW BAR BURSLOW BAR BURGSLOW BAR BURGESLOW BAR BURGER[devour]*SLOW BAR BURGER ($10; **5 STARS**) - Your tummy will be filled with a sensual half pound of Painted Hills' natural beef (cooked to your liking), melted Gruyere cheese, fried to golden-perfection pieces of onion rings, crisp butter lettuce, and pickled relish. If you're not drooling or thinking of this BEHEMOTH burger right now, then I haven't done a good job describing this impeccable piece of heaven. =)*FRIES (yelp.com/biz_photos/slow)*HOUSE SALAD (yelp.com/biz_photos/slow)[drank]They have an ample selection of liquor, wine, and beer. I inquired about their vodka selection and was delighted to find out that they do carry Tito's Vodka. For my usual drink, a VODKA-TONIC would run about $6.50.FYI =-GREAT HH ($1 off wine, beer and liquor; cheap food $2-$5.50) which is 3 PM - 6 PM and late night from MIDNIGHT - 2:30 AM (close)-Dive bar but worth checking out-They participated in 2013's $5 Burger Week (yelp.com/biz_photos/slow) which was decent, but not as promising as their mainstay Slow Bar Burger. =X-Parking on the street (metered but free after 6 PM)-Several picnic tables on sidewalk if you want to dine outdoors (tables good for 4-5 people)-Although they can be busy, you will always get GREAT SERVICE For the burger lovers out there.... this place is RECOMMENDEDYelp 2013 100+ Reviews Challenge (going for 200!) - Review #167
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,2/3/2014,47,232,7,9,8>Good coffee, no backtalk.  The original slogan of the much loved Coffee People that used to litter the Portland area.  Gone is their heyday, but Jim & Patty's is everything you remember about the joint, done perhaps even better!Black Tiger coffee powered me through some early mornings and some late nights when I entered the working world.  I seem to recall that they used to include a chocolate covered espresso bean with their mochas, and that always made me smile. I've grown up from mochas since then.Unfortunately, I'm not terribly close to this store, but when I am, I will make sure to stop by for a latte.  Black Tiger has an addictive, bold, earthy taste to it that I've always loved. The store is charming, and the folks are friendly.  There isn't any pretentiousness here that seems to be all too prevalent elsewhere.It's just... Good coffee, no backtalk!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/2/2014,171,142,13,12,12>BACKGROUND - Do you ever take forever to write a review about a truly wonderful place because you actually go there everyday and it seems so ingrained into your daily agenda that you don't even think about it? Yeah, Coava does that to me.PROS - WALKING distance from my work. I'm a very lucky fool indeed. Their menu is basic, with just a few options (coffee, latte, macchiato, and espresso). A refreshing change from mega coffee chains like Starbucks that offer 80 million different ways to customize their hot milk. Aside from it being so close to me, their coffee is nice and STRONG (one cup keeps me functioning a full 8 hours). They also rotate their coffees every other day (or so it seems) so you will be sampling sustainable coffees all around the world! Staff is super nice, knows me by name, and just lovely in general.Bakery goodies are all from Nuvrei (they serve Coava at their bakery, now that's a win-win business!)- my favorite is their Almond Croissant. CONS - If I don't get their by 10:00am (mostly my fault because who waits till 10a to get their coffee on?) --almond croissants are long gone. :cAlso, it gets spendy. But who cares. Coava is my drug dealer and I'm a willing addict. I need that high to get through the day working with stupid people. POINTERS - Once you have had Coava, weakling Starbucks will taste like hot water to you. Coava, I love you long time. Keep the high comin' ~ Xoxo.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,2/1/2014,143,429,6,13,10>New favorite brunch spot.Ever since The Parish opened I've had it on my radar, though I've never actually stopped in until recently.  I wasn't sure what to expect given the mixed reviews I've received from friends, and began to assume the worst when I walked in on a Saturday morning to an empty restaurant.  Thankfully, they were wrong.  They were all so very wrong.My favorite item on the menu is the Braised Rabbit Hash.  I don't know why cute woodland animals always taste so good, but they do.  Especially when you layer them with baby potatoes, local foraged mushrooms, a perfectly poached egg, and a drizzle of hollandaise.  It's different from any other hash I've had, more like a rich, hearty breakfast stew.  I've chosen this same dish both times I've brunched here.  It's so good I'm hesitant to choose something else and be filled with regret.I stole a bite of a friend's Hang Town Fry which was also superb, though I was clearly the winner that day.  The fry is comprised of soft scrambled eggs with crispy Oregon oysters, house bacon & French bread.  The waiter explained that the dish was an ode to death row inmates of the 1800s, who often ordered it as part of their last meal request.  Though I have heard several variations of the story, I think it's pretty cool that they included such a unique dish on the menu.To top off the already fantastic food, a group of elderly men gathered and began playing a live jazz set while we ate.  By this time I was fully in love with the place, so it was no surprise that I stopped by a few weeks later with my sister and her husband when they sought my advice as to where to take their in-laws for brunch.  Apparently it was a hit as every person at the table all but licked their plates clean.  My brother in law, ever on the hunt for the perfect Eggs Benedict, professed the Eggs Hussarde the best he's ever had; even beating out Saborne's legendary version.  The dish, comprised of country ham, biscuit, marchand de vin sauce with poached eggs and hollandaise, was envy worthy from the second it hit the table.We also split an order of the biscuits and jam, which came with two humongous buttermilk biscuits, whipped honey butter and three house made jams:  Strawberry, raspberry, and orange marmalade.  The biscuits are a solid choice when you are ravenous like we were.  I would definitely be up for trying the biscuits and gravy if I can ever convince myself to detour from the hash.The Parish is truly great food, simply put.  I am looking forward to stopping by to investigate the lunch and dinner fare.  Happy hour also looks intriguing, offered daily 3-6pm.
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,9/8/2014,200,109,22,24,16>Hawthorne Lobster House is the cat's pajamas, the bee's knees and any other number of animal- or insect-related superlatives meaning 'fan-freakin'-tastic!' We went for the grand opening and were more than impressed - we fell in love.First, let's talk location: At 24th & Hawthorne, this place is a good-grub beacon halfway between the downtown swank-fest and the Hawthorne hippie fest - it serves as a perfect little transition between the two with the drawbacks of neither: You get the quaintness and creativity of Hawthorne, the pretty views of downtown and the attention to detail, attentive service and impeccable deliciousness of the Pearl - all with plentiful free parking. Be still my beating heart!On to the interior: It's not your typical temple o' fish. Banish all thoughts of Red Lobster or the unimaginative surf'n'turf emporiums of your parents' generation. Yes, there's a lobster tank (duh), but they don't try to make it the focal point of the place, which was a good call. Instead, the decor strikes a perfect balance between modern and rustic: high ceilings, exposed Edison bulbs, cozy seating spaces and hip art with a strong local flair (check out the big ol' wood-plank Oregon map on the back wall!)Let's not forget the food: Was everything we had good? No. No, everything we had was knock-it-out-of-the-proverbial-ballpark a-may-zing. The menu's got a heavy lobster bent (whodathunkit?) so if you'r a lobster fiend this is the place for you. Think you've had lobster every which way? Think again - try the everloving LOBSTER FONDUE. That's right, cheese and lobster together at last! We demolished this and licked the bowl, manners be damned. So. Freakin'. Good. Lobster not your scene? We also shared a bowl of the salmon bisque, which was my personal favorite - it was creamy and salmony and tomatoey and just absolute heaven.On to the entrees (you thought we were done, didn't you? Nope. We're not leaving until you feel as stuffed as I was when I left this place.) We had a lobster salad (plentiful lobster, perfectly crunchy veggies n greens, unexpected but complimentary sweet fruits, house-made dressing!) and TWO count-'em TWO varieties of lobster rolls: One hot, one cold. I was hard-pressed to pick a favorite. And then - then! The dessert: Creme brulee. Not any ordinary creme brulee, my friends, but PERFECT creme brulee, served in a deeper-than-usual dish. Why does this matter, you ask? Because I happen to be obsessed with creme brulee. I once ate a "serves 4" recipe all by myself, in one sitting. Don't you judge me. Anyway, whenever I order this out on the town, I'm usually disappointed - as soon as I break through that wonderful crunchy top, I hit the bottom of the always-too-shallow ramekin, and I feel sad. This bowl was plenty deep enough to satisfy my sweet tooth without being gluttonous. Perf!And now what we've all been waiting for: Cocktails! We tried several: Standouts included "Shelly's Tomorrow We Sail," a surprisingly strong but delicious (and gorgeous) drink that I'm pretty sure I could drink all day, every day; and "Coaches Cabin Old Fashioned," a perfect interpretation of the classic drink everyone should love.The service was perfectly spot-on, too - our waters were always full, the cocktails kept coming, and the servers were that perfect mix of unobtrusive and attentive without any of that Portland standoffishness. We left full, tipsy, happy and making plans for our next trip.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,9/7/2014,434,336,9,18,17>Sometimes I try other places when I have a Groupon, but Bouffant keeps me coming back. I normally book with Amy or Christina, but all of the nail techs I have met have been great. They have a $38 special for a gel mani/spa pedi that can't be beat. Unlike some salons I have been to, you don't have to bring your own tools. I really dig the industrial loft feel, and they usually have great music playing. Since I have been to both Amy & Christina so often, there is never that awkward break-the-ice silence. We launch in where we left off in our last conversation. Fun fact about Amy (please don't be mad:), in addition to doing meticulous nails and hair, she can also play the ukulele. She's an all around a cool chick. You are offered a nice selection of beverages when you check in, including wine. You can book online. They have massage chairs, a wide range of colors and designs, they don't charge extra for shellac removal, and my nails are set for 2-3 weeks. This is my favorite salon to get a mani/pedi. I have never had a less than stellar service. I don't even know why I bother trying anywhere else when I can't really ask for more than Bouffant provides.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,9/6/2014,101,133,10,18,12>I have had nothing but wonderful experiences with Kassab Jewelers. After going to the other big retailers in the Portland area I felt I would never find my ring. Then I went to Kassab and met Rana. Rana was very patient with me. I am extremely particular to an OCD extent. I tried ring after ring on, thinking I'd like one thing, but apparently I had very little clue of what I liked. Rana pointed me in the direction of Tacori, which is a handcrafted & designer label line, and I found my ring! Next step was Rana letting my now hubby know, and him picking the diamond with her assistance.  We very much appreciated Rana taking her time searching for the perfect diamond for the set.  It did take a week or so until she found the highest quality diamond for our budget, but so worth it. When we had the diamond and ring appraised it was worth a great deal more than we paid.We bought my husbands band from Kassab as well. The selection of mens rings was quite impressive. Kassab's customer service is phenomenal. I'm always greeted with a smile, and no high pressure sales even when just dropping my rings off for a cleaning.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,9/5/2014,251,648,7,11,9>Absolutely delicious, fresh, and authentic Mexican food! I absolutely love their fish (Red Snapper) taco (add avocado for .50; it's worth it!). You can really taste the freshness of the ingredients and the care they put in! The tacos are small, but appropriately-priced at $3 each (I got two and was satisfied, but could imagine 3 being perfect). They offer three types of hot sauce: mild, medium, and melt-your-face. Haha. I got mild, but being a mild-tongued individual, the taco was already spicy enough for me. ;) Yesterday, I got take out fish tacos at a restaurant in Kerns; they were $17 for 4. I'll tell you, I'd much rather have El Gallo's tacos! They are so much more flavorful and fresh.This is an awesome stand! Tip: It's cash only.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,9/4/2014,426,1757,8,14,15>Very exciting to see the evolution of Pine Shed Ribs and the addition of an indoor dining room which was renovated during the past year, now called Piglet, Pint & Pastry.As a long time fan of their food, my original review of Pine Shed Ribs still stands. A favorite lunch spot in Lake Grove, it is a place where you need to dine early on a rainy day to grab a seat. The seating is cozy and really feels like a community table on a busy day, so love thy neighbor.On a sunny day, you've got to eat outside on Pine Shed's picnic tables. They request (rather forcefully) that you order at the counter first before grabbing a table. A necessary request since they have a definite lunch rush, but I could tell it was a little offputting for some new customers. Food usually arrives pretty quickly and the staff brings water and keeps things running smoothly. Because of the tight seating, it is a little complicated when you are meeting friends for lunch who are arriving separately.I typically order the sandwich (brisket off the regular menu or tri tip if it's available) that comes with one side, a pickle spear and a bag of chips. So filling I usually end up taking some food home. If you go for the plate, you get a larger serving of meat and one side, plus cornbread. Nice to see that indoor space has really taken shape and expanded with the coffee bar, pastries and beer selections, so it isn't just for lunch anymore. And the mountain lodge decor with vintage posters of Mt. Hood, skis and snowshoes mounted on the walls and my personal favorite, the red ski lift chair in the entry, make this mountain girl's heart happy.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/3/2014,46,125,19,12,15>This place may make a fanatic out of me. I'm new to coffee. Like, a baby. So I started off with your Starbucks mocha cookie frappacinos (no seriously. It's a real drink) and have dabbled in making my own. I had come to the conclusion that while I may need coffee, I don't really love coffee. I'll take my coffee in disguise as a milkshake, thank you.Enter Courier Coffee. A business acquaintance and I meet for coffee and I brace myself for typical PDX coffee chat about tannins and boldness and blahblahblah. Me: "Uh. I like coffee that tastes like cupcakes?" He snubs several cafes before walking into Courrier. It looks and smells like an art history major's college apartment. Gritty, artsy, caffeinated. So I order a mocha and a muffin and watch in fascination as they pour hot water over a line of grounds. My friend says something about "pour over method" and "smooth flavor." Yeah, okay buddy. But then I took my first sip. I took my second sip. Omg. I like it. And it's not even sweet. Just faintly bitter like a bar of 80% dark chocolate. I'm in love. And the muffin is one of the best things I've ever put in my mouth. You win, Courier. And I'll never drink another Starbucks Mocha Cookie Frap again.Probably.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,9/2/2014,155,121,4,13,10>Today was the unofficial opening for this small, bright green food cart in the gravel lot between 27th and 28th on Belmont. I had been watching for weeks, wondering when it was going to open up and what it was going to be. This is the first of three carts to open up in this pod, the second being a corrugated metal sided wood fired pizza cart opening later this week, and the third a bright orange southern food cart opening up a little later.The owner of this cart was very friendly and talked about opening the cart up. He described the different rolls to me, and i ended up going with the Mother of Dragons roll which he said had been his most popular. Similarly to a traditional dragon roll, it was covered with thin slices of avocado on the outside, and inside the rice was nori, asparagus, marinated tofu and oyster mushroom "scallops". As a lover of fish sushi, it takes a lot to impress me, but the flavors were spot on. Really good umami going on here. Lots of flavor, salty but not to salty, good amount of soy and wasabi. The combination of tofu with mushrooms was nothing like a real scallop, however it was "meaty" and very satisfying. It was a good sized roll for only $6!I'll definitely be going back to try the other rolls soon. The owner said the hours currently are Tuesday-Sunday 11am-8pm, but that he may adjust the hours as he gets his bearrings, and that he is thinking of eventually doing a once per week late night happy hour!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,9/1/2014,40,66,7,14,9>I've paraded my lady bits all over this town and had more than a few pairs of hands grooming my business and I can honestly say Marianne is one of the best. I was overjoyed to meet her when she was working at another studio. Her previous studio had multiple waxers and I randomly cycled through them because no one was especially talented. But....once I found Marianne, I was hooked! She's really through and one of the best waxers I've ever had at preventing ingrown hairs -- the bane of of my existence (well, at least one of them). I am so thankful I was able to reconnect with her now that she's opened her own shop. Not only is she super skilled, her place is clean, convenient and super cute.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,8/31/2014,56,127,2,13,10>I have to be truthful about this review.  When grandmas corner opened up some years ago I left them a pretty lengthy 1 star review.  We had eaten here a couple of times as a family and everything from the atmosphere to the food just wasn't good or consistent.I deleted the review about a year ago.  I have watched the reviews improve and the restaurant seams to be going strong.  I've been very happy to see that and I hope the owners don't  hate me to much for the words of advise I previously shared.  They have obviously found their groove and also by the look of things a steady, regular clientele who loves the food.  I got my courage up and I hoped and prayed they wouldn't recognize me and went in for breakfast. First things first.  The interior looks great.  There are cute nick knacks and brick a brack about the restaurant.  Not overly done or cluttery but tasteful and cozy.  My daughter actually said "is it supposed to look like a grandmas house in here?"  I asked her "why? Does it?'  and she replied "Yes!, I like it"    I think that says it all.  The monster TV is gone and has been replaced with some lovely Kincaid painting.  Just the kind of thing you would see at grandmas.  HAThe service was prompt and came with a smile.  The floors and tables were spotless.  Everything looked pristine.  Sometimes the plastic menus can get sticky or dirty and overlooked.  Not here, they were CLEAN!  Love itI asked how the Chicken fried steak was.  The waitress told me they have the best gravy around.  You don't have to threaten me twice with good gravy.  "I'll take it!"   I didn't notice they had a kids menu on the inside of the menu and I went to order my 9 year old daughters food off the main menu.  The waitress pointed out the kids portions and saved me a few bucks.  That was way cool.The wait wasn't long at all and the food arrived looking perfect.  See the photoI must say I have had only one chicken fried steak better than this one.  This seriously was the best chicken fried steak I have had in Oregon.  Yummy.  The gravy is something different all together.  I'm not sure what kind of seasonings are in it but it is Good.  As good as it gets really.  I always think sausage gravy has to have an unrealistic amount of meat in it.  This gravy seems to find just the right balance but it is clearly more focused on flavor.  Its creamy tasty hot goodness was perfect.  It was accompanied by two perfectly cooked eggs, shredded hash-browns and toast.  To the owners-managersYou have done an outstanding turn around.  This restaurant is now a gem.  I understand why you have such loyal group of patrons.  I hope to come back and try dinner here soon.  If its half as good as the breakfast it will be wonderful.  GREAT GREAT JOB!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,8/30/2014,457,356,8,15,9>This space in downtown Vancouver, right across from the courthouse has seen some interesting establishments come and go, a coffee house, a kitsch cafe and none seem to make it here.  Being as The Wife works a block away she keeps tabs on these places as lunch options are not plentiful here.  On my days off I like to surprise her and show up so we can have some non-kid time together.  Off we went on her recommendation that they had good chili, and me being a chili connoisseur I was game for a new place. As you walk in along the street passed the machine shops and bail bond places you step in the door at 609 West 11th Street and it's like stepping into a bit of the old west meets Bistro, which is appropriate as they label themselves as a Bistro.  Up front is a bar (with awesome canning jar light fixtures) with some round tall tables in a small area, but walk down the hallway and there is a nice dining room area with a cozy intimate area  on the side and even a deck.  We were seated immediately by friendly staff with menus and drink orders taken right there.  We scanned the simple menu and decided on chili (which the Wife recommended) a bratwurst sandwich and a side of fries to share.  The food came out very fast, hot and fresh!  My first spoonful of chili was a treat for the senses, it had everything in a chili that I wanted, a smoky and slightly sweet taste with a variety of beans (argue about beans in chili somewhere else, both a perfectly acceptable in my book) and as I took a second spoonful the complexity of flavors became more apparent.  This is a really good chili, maybe as good as mine and that's saying something.  I ordered a cup but you can bet next time I come back it'll be a bowl.  The sandwich was excellent, the bratwurst was perfectly seasoned and the cibata roll was fresh.  The fries were crisp and hot on the outside and creamy on the inside, this place knows fries.They smoke all their meats out back on the deck including there own pastrami, pork and tri tip beef.  They have catering available as well for groups of up to 300.  I think that this space as found a keeper finally, perfect for the poor people who can't think their way out of jury duty, judges, lawyers and courthouse staff, but it is also well worth a drive to check out any time for breakfast or lunch.  Open Monday through Friday starting at 7:00am with a breakfast menu.  I know I'll be back often.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,10/22/2013,82,337,4,6,5>I've always enjoyed dining at Tasty N Sons, I was ecstatic to hear that there's a second location offerings more dinner items in addition to brunch. My best friend was in town visiting from New York and we chose to check it out. We went to lunch around noon and I'd anticipated a wait but, no, we were seated immediately. I ordered the Radicchio with bacon lardons, manchego, and eggs. Of course, had to get the Steakhouse Sandwich as well. The salad was ridiculous, as in, ridiculously good.  The creaminess of the dressing and the egg offset the bitterness, spiciness of the radicchio. Lardons, thicker cuts of bacon, made the salad luscious. I got the smaller size salad and it was so filling that I only had a bite of my moist sandwich before boxing up the leftovers.  My friend had the Korean Fried Chicken, that was tasty also.Recently, some of my Canadian friends were in town for a wedding and I suggested that we go to Tasty N Alder for dinner since one loves Tasty N Sons and the others had it on their list of must-try places.  This time, we came at 6:30pm with a party of four and was informed that it would be a 45 minute wait...after an hour and a half, we were seated. What happens when I stand around waiting? I started brainstorming a negative review. Once we got a table, the waitress brought over a meat charcuterie complimentary for the longer wait time. Then she return with a cheese plate when she found out that one of us couldn't eat pork. So considerate! I didn't think they could top it, however, they also took another $8 off our bill. Back to five stars status.The second time around, I split the Goat Cheese Dumplings Arrabiata, Skillet Corn Cake, and Duck Duck Potato.  The dumplings were rich and velvety, yet light, with a hint of heat from the Arrabiata sauce. My favorite dish, surprisingly, was the corn cake...the delicious jalapeno butter over corn cake is too die for! Got too full to appreciate the Duck Duck Potato.I will most definitely return to Tasty N Alder, bring visitors to dine here, and recommend it to everyone I know.  Maybe not everyone, we don't want the wait getting longer.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,10/21/2013,127,273,21,15,12>Giant bra-selection for the giant-breasted!Hooray!And these aren't your standard granny panties either, these are french froofy, gold buttoned, pink bows, lace, oo-la-la panties.  It will cost you a pretty penny, but not more than your standard mall shop - I've seen worse prices at Fredrick's of Hollywood and Victoria's Secrets for bras that only whispered to me of itty-bitty-titty committees.  I'm not about that tiny-titty life.  And neither is The Pencil Test!That's right, they're here for you and your giant jugs and your poor rib cage and back.There's a plethora of yoga and work-out style bras here too, so if you're less interested in the pretty n sparkly, and more interested in the heavy-lifting utilitarian varieties, they've got you covered.Oh boobies, you don't know how happy you'll be next time my pay check comes in and I'm in the Alberta neighborhood.  Just you wait, boobies: I am going to save up, bring you back here, and dress you in these fine titty-helmets!  You will be fierce, lifted, and comfortable! And fly as fuck too!PS the owner is super friendly - she was intelligent on the boob market but not pushy, and really what else could you want from a purveyor of fine lingerie?
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,10/20/2013,38,87,5,7,7>Peruvian sandwiches, Wow!  Last Sangucheria is in the old Big Ass Sandwich spot on 3rd and Ash.  These sandwiches blow B.A. out of the water.  The flavor profiles are amazing.  On my first visit I ordered the Chicharon which is a nice toasted crunchy roll with sweet potatoes, nice meat pig meat with fat still on and topped with a wonderful tangy onion and cilantro mixture with spicy sauce and honey.  My eating companion ordered the Lomo Saltado which is marinated, flavorful steak strips with onions and peppers topped with a spicy sauce.  Both sandwiches were delicious.  I did find my sandwich a little sweet, but that is not their fault, after all it does contain sweet potatoes and honey.  On my next visit I ordered the Lomo and had them add chicharon.  I have found my new favorite sandwich when visiting Portland.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,10/19/2013,104,65,10,3,6>Jesus Christ(!), I love this place. It's open every day until 4pm, and it's mere paces from my apartment. That means that even if I look like Nick Nolte's mugshot from my previous night's festivities...I can still muster up the First World Problems' "bravery" to crawl 4 blocks to insert their many-splendored food items into my mouth, with varying degrees of success, depending on the day.....AND I have until dinner time to do it! Winner! City State has indoor and outdoor seating, depending on what you fancy or how much sunlight you can stand to subject your lily white Oregonian skin to. My preference is to sit outside and people-watch, as 28th is a bit of an artery....and, well, the people are a festival of humanity....in that "Portland micro-cross-section/cliché piñata" variety. But watch them fast, because they're likely on motorcycles, scooters or bicycles. If trying to watch fast-moving people proves too challenging, redivert your attention to the delicious food that this place births. I'm boring and vegetarian, so I always get two eggs over medium, wheat toast, side of potatoes, vegetarian sausage....but for you crazy assholes with your non-fussy eating and zest for trying new things (people that exclaim "mmmmmm!" as they're eating, for instance)....why not try something from the Specials board? Granola pancakes, perhaps? Or maybe you are so zany and gluttonous that you want to challenge yourself to summit the Mt. Everest of calories and get biscuits & gravy AND the eggs benedict (kill yourself...no, really)...well they have that breakfast. I think it's called the "best of both worlds." I might have named it otherwise, but it may not have been conducive to effective marketing. Anyway, the point of that was....go crazy. Order something different. I will vouch for the strong likelihood of its palatability, even for the fussy jerks (me). Now for the other stuff: The food is great. The place is sterile. The prices are reasonable. The wait staff is fabulous. Attentive and a little quirky in a charming way. It's a popular joint, so there may be a wait on weekends for brunch- -but this isn't their first time at the food rodeo (foodeo?) and they are pretty amazing at accommodating patrons in a non-Pok-Pok-kinda way. If there's a wait, grab a coffee and The Mercury and sit outside. Quit yer bitchin'
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,10/18/2013,670,102,3,5,6>Having Italian food without fresh pasta is like non-dairy ice cream. It's just not the full effect.Grassa=Fresh pasta. Radiatore: Tomato braised chicken, ricotta, basil and crispy chicken skin. 5/5 - The dish may appear smaller but the ingredients are dense and filling. The chicken melts in your mouth (reminds me of pulled pork), the tomato and spices come through well from the braising. The noodles are fresh and light, the crispy chicken skin is a great addition to the texture of the overall dish. Topped with ricotta for some sweetness. Really happy that I chose this dish.Tagliatelle: House sausage bolognese with pecorino. 4/5 -- The pasta was delicious, very light and soft. The only aspect that caused a 4/5 and not a 5/5 was the sauce. It was good, but could have had a bit more flavor. All 3 of us concur.Fritto Misto: Calamari, Calabrian chillies, lemon and fennel. 3/5 -- We really liked the lemon addition on this dish. It added and brought out the other flavors. Though this dish was good, there was nothing special or stand out about it. Overall, we really liked this new restaurant which opened last week. The venue is bright and modern, you order at the door and take a seat anywhere afterwards. It's better to order from the blackboard vs the paper menu, as it is more current. Friendly and helpful service.This place is new, so they're tweaking things as they go, I'm looking forward to trying the Tagliatelle again after they've been open a little while longer.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,10/17/2013,148,708,9,18,15>I heart Jim and Patty's. Occasionally, after moving to the west side, I would pile my sleepy family into the car and drive across town to the Fremont location. Their iced mochas are that perfect. Their coffee cake is that moist and delicious. But no more. They are open in Beaverton! This is a blessing...well my hips maybe won't be thankful. But this morning I ducked in for a piece of perfect coffee cake ( the princess with oatmeal, pecans, and coconut) and the much anticipated iced mocha. Oh happy me! They have good seating, nice people, and Jim and Patty were on hand. They opened yesterday following months of permit issues with Beaverton. I know this because I followed it on Facebook. I live for coffee. Its a problem. I'm happy to let Jim and Patty help me manage my addiction. Amen.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,10/16/2013,158,77,4,8,5>Spring Restaurant! My hidden gem. Honestly until I tried to check in here I never knew what it was called. I just knew that it was that place inside Gmart that I've been frequenting for years and been loving ever since. I'm more into this place during lunchtime, as it has that fast- quick- decently priced meal experience. You get the true korean experience here. Loud atmosphere when it's busy, waitresses hustling about and they seem all over the place, awkward to no waiting area, but it's all good because I still love it.My absolute favorite thing here is the Dumpling and ricecake soup (Dduk mandu guk), the broth is on point as it has that thick rich flavor and the dumplings are better than any of the other Korean restaurants in the area. If you're into the Cold noodles dish (Naengmyun), they have a combo for a pretty good steal- Kalbi (Shortribs) and Naenmyun for I believe 15 dollars. So delicious.There's a wide variety here and anyone who's anyone is going to enjoy it, that's the ultimate truth. Give it a peep and also buy some goodies downstairs while you're at it. Yum!
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,10/15/2013,126,2155,11,16,12>I've worked in and around industrial parks around the country for almost my entire career. Warehouse districts are not the kind of places that get blessed with good food. Typically they get a half ass deli, or some "Chinese" restaurant that serves all kinds of mystery meat over questionable noodles doused in a disguise of some nasty sauce for a lunch special price of $7. The truly blessed warehouse districts get a roach coach pulling into the parking lot tooting out a tune via the one-note horn around noon.Simply put, America's blue collar work force has not had much in the way of worthwhile eats nearby in quite some time, if ever. It's no surprise someone in Portland seems to be the first willing to challenge that age old dynamic. TILT's Yelp name is shorthand. The real name is "TILT - Handcrafted Food, Built For The American Workforce." That's right. This isn't yet another new boutique eatery on SE Division catering to bearded hipsters. TILT is located on N Anchor street in the heart of Swan Island where 2% of Portland's workforce commutes daily. If you've never been, go up N Interstate and turn left on N Going. Follow that down below the Greeley overpass and suddenly you'll be in the thick of a semi-truck laden industrial park. If you were on Swan Island for any reason other than work in the past, it was probably to pick up a package at the FedEx hub. Now you have a better reason - delicious, top notch food, in the most unsuspecting location.The space at TILT is well laid out. Communal seating gets as many bodies in the building at the same time. A few outdoor tables exist as well. The kitchen is surprisingly large - Likely to fulfill the demand of the droves of nearby workers who flock here daily at lunch and dinner time. TILT flips orders super quick without sacrificing integrity. One of the most delicious burgers I've ever had came from here. On the side I ordered the "tater tots" which are better described as six perfect, chunky, seasoned hash-browns. Referring to those mouthwatering hunks of potato as 'tater tots" is a disservice to how superior they are to their cylindrical ancestors.It's not often in Portland that you can use old Yelp cliches like, "this place is a hidden gem." You can with TILT. It's literally hidden away from the City's well-known culinary zones. To pump out food this delicious and have only 5 (now 6) reviews is a surprise in this city. The hordes of workers on Swan Island have had TILT all to themselves because most of us don't think of driving to Swan Island for much of anything. That said, TILT will soon be spreading the love. They're scheduled to open a second location (in the Pearl District) sometime soon. I hope the space they take over down there is huge. Once the rest of Portland gets TILT on their radar, this place is going to blow up. I'm talking Killer Burger style blow-up levels. Be ready for worth-the-wait lines out the door - something the Swan Island location is more than used to dealing with already.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,10/14/2013,202,297,14,12,8>The Burgers are still killer. With a full on kitchen, the menu has expanded to include Fried chicken options, french fries, and other healthy items. Here is my review of the food: yelp.com/biz/brunchbox-pThis review will be more about the space their new B&M occupies. Visually, it is bright and well decorated. Posters of their (in)famous burgers line the walls. The menu dominates your view as it taunts you with so many delicous caloric  choices. The space, itself, is very small and kind of awkward. I guess you could classify it as a microrestaurant (the new Portland buzzword).  The space is narrow with 4 two-top tables and a standing counter in the middle. I guess you are supposed to eat your burger at the standing counter, but people in line on the other side of the counter make it an awkward situation of people hovering over you and hoping they don't knock down your food and drink. Plus this counter is where Brunchbox puts their order forms and that takes up 25% of the counter.  In this tiny micro restaurant , you have people sitting and eating, standing and eating, in line waiting to order and standing anywhere waiting for their order. So, even though Brunchbox now has moved into a B&M, it is very cramped and you are probably going to end up eating outside anyway. BUT, you know what isn't tiny??? The  friggin gigantic heart-stopping, soul soothing, caloric juggernaut called the youcanhascheeseburger. PS. You crazy people who are putting fried chicken in your burgers, I recommend you take your phone out, dial 9-1 and keep one finger on the 1.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,10/13/2013,70,99,9,9,13>If there is a movie worth watching Cinetopia is the place to do so!There's something to be said of Cineplexes that have the volume low and ambient light emanating from the most obscure places. Oddly enough, when I pay for an action movie I want to "feel" the action. I want to know that eight car pile up was a horrific wreck and not just a fender bender! I want my curses to be loud and emphatic, my gun shots to be eardrum rupturing and screams to actually be blood curdling! Most theaters don't offer that any more and the majority of times the movie playing adjacent to the theater I'm in can be heard during the silent moments.Like LL once said, "My [movie], believe me, I like it loud!" and Cinetopia delivers on every level of sound quality and volume. Screens are crisp, clear and without stains. My favorite seat in the house is dead center! Although, I'm not a fan of the hefty price tag for the Parlor Room Theater on most occasions I'll suck it up because I know what I'm getting. However, the Parlor is not my first choice. On the other hand if you are an individual looking for a more pretentious experience buy a ticket to the Parlor, arrive a half hour earlier and order from Vinotopia and have your Merlot and cheese & crackers, or whatever you desire from the menu, delivered to you before the opening credits!I on the other hand will settle for the more modest GXL as my preferred theater of choice $5 cheaper. Although, you really can't go wrong! Make Cinetopia your destination of choice for those mega blockbusters!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,9/25/2010,251,648,7,9,11>Coava has captured the perfect cup, and with all other factors in place, it makes the experience of having a cup of coffee, an experience of perfection.I'm usually a cream & sugar kind of girl. But, not at Coava Coffee Roasters where the coffee is so smooth & vibrant that it would be like adding cream & sugar to fine wine. Never! Coava pays attention to water temperature, particle size, and timing, and they use only Chemex-filtered coffee, with custom-made stainless steel filters, which everyone will be able to purchase in 6-8 weeks, I hear. You know a coffee is good by the layers of flavor. Coava has note cards with the day's current selections (also printed on the cups), and descriptions. I had the Guatemalan coffee with notes of chocolate and berries and wine. It was sublime! The staff (owners?) are laid-back, friendly folks who truly care; we mentioned their rave reviews on Yelp, and they commented, "People have been good to us." It's rare to find humility and excellence in the same location! But, Coava Coffee Roasters is all about intentional creations. The inside is that stark, modern loveliness we see in every updated building with windows that are really doorways ... to the most perfect coffee experience.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,9/24/2010,184,343,8,11,9>Lots of love on Yelp for Tasty and his male children's brunch restaurant. I feel the same way. Hell, after eating the chocolate potato donuts, I was gonna give this place 4 stars right off the bat. However, we got a few items so it could only go up from there, right?Potatoes bravas with over-easy eggs: smoky potatoes that were good on their own made better with some egg.Fried egg and cheddar biscuit with fried chicken: Pine State should watch their backs. This is like a Reggie Deluxe without bacon but the biscuit was flakier. I didn't notice the lack of bacon. I wanted a whole one after sharing half.Auntie Paula's French Toast with strawberry-cherry-maple & whipped cream: awesome French toast; one of the best in town. However, we got a small since we needed room for other stuff.Cast Iron Frittata with fava beans, olives, confit green beans, caramelized onions & feta: I don't like those things on their own, but together tastiness ensued.This place makes me want to earn more money so I can go here all the time. However, it'll have to be an occasional thing since it can quickly get pricey. However, it's all quality.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,9/22/2010,240,523,13,12,11>Oh finally I get to go!I missed out last year. So this is it huh? It's like a very long Saturday Market with less freak show, more crafts than craps, I think more strollers than Disneyland and snow cones on every corner. I get to enjoy the food, there's this meat on a stick that is very tasty. The booze is remarkable, specially the Yelp booth with the organic beer garden that they've set up. Parking can be a major pain. I would do it either early in the AM or by dusk. Feel the heat. Hear the beat. Dance while you eat.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,9/21/2010,265,215,13,14,13>I couldn't get ahold of the other vegan salon in Portland, and I'm hindsightly* so thankful.Quite simply; the best haircut/color you will get. You will get loads of compliments and probably some more friends just by getting your hairdo did here. Seriously.It's a bit of a trek, but so totally worth it. Just go. And St John's is cool, anyway, so go explore while you're out there.The Parlour is vegan and pretty and nice and has pretty and nice and vegan people working here (I love Jamie).*it is a word. Now. Hindsightly. Use it everywhere.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,9/20/2010,376,599,16,16,17>While we rake the forks through our respective piles of rice, my sister asks, "You remember the part when Natalie Portman was on the phone and she said something about Gujarati?"We had watched a movie that starred Natalie Portman the night before, so it wasn't like we hung out with her and recalled the time when she spoke on the phone. Just in case you were wondering."She . . . what? What did she say?" My sister explains that Gujarati is a language spoken in India. Her ears perked up at the word, she says, because a friend of hers speaks Gujarati. The friend's family is from the Mumbai region. I remember these facts better than the word itself."Gajuh. Goulda. How do you say that again?""Gujarati.""Gadorati. Right." In order to tell this story later, I eventually come up with a mnemonic device involving Cujo the scary dog.In the course of that exchange, I learn a few things:1) That people in India speak more than Hindi. In fact, some of the people don't even speak Hindi. It seems obvious now.2) That there is a sizable Indian-American population all over the East Bay.3) That there are comparatively very few Indian-American people in Portland, save for the ones running the restaurant that my sister and I are eating in. There is also a large party of Indian people - four kids, all boys of various ages - eating at three tables against a wall. But that's a good sign about Abhiruchi.4) That my younger sister really is the smarty-pants of the bunch.The fourth fact is substantiated by the fact that she came into town with a craving for Indian food. That led us through the information highway and along the actual highway to the $8.95 lunch buffet in the 'Tron. The buffet comes with about twenty-five different things in hot trays and bottomless glasses of soda. For less than what I spent on gas, I got to taste things like tamarind soup, basmati rice laced with lentils, and deep-fried lentil pastries.My sister pushed me to save room for dessert, and I tried my first gulab jamun with kheer. The English description - syrupy flour balls in a white rice pudding puddle - sounds less savory, but the taste was light and sweet. Told you my sister is smart.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,9/19/2010,121,1306,13,15,19>So imagine this: You're cooking dinner (turkey burgers with cheddar, bbq sauce, and a fried egg), and before you're even finished putting them on a plate, a glorious white box full of a dozen random doughnuts appears in your kitchen. Now the doughnut fairy is something I can believe in.  They were insanely good. I'm easy to please. I'm the girl they make boring doughnuts for: simple glazed twists, cinnamon-sugar cake doughnuts, apple fritters, and old fashioneds. They are all magically delicious; I can assure you. I don't need anything fancy. After the couple I had, I was easily sold on a solid four stars. However, a few things take it up a notch:1) They are just as amazing the next day. They haven't dried out a bit. 2) This place is open 24-hours. That's right; you want a 3am doughnut? Do it. You want one at lunch? Do that, too.3) They're priced the way doughnuts should be priced--cheap.This is dangerous. Dangerous and delicious.PS - Four days later, these doughnuts are still just as good. Insanity.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,9/18/2010,118,219,6,6,6>The older I get, the less inclined I am to celebrate my birthday with unhealthy amounts of alcohol. I wanted to be nice to my liver this year and decided to just have dinner with friends. I called two weeks ahead to get reservations for a large party. Since Toro Bravo is a small restaurant, the only time they were able to accommodate us was right when they opened at 5pm. Gina, the hostess I spoke to a few times was really accommodating to my ever changing number of people in my group. It went from 15 to 25 to 20 and finally settled on reservations for a party of 22. The service was fantastic, despite having to deal with such a large party. It wasn't too quick like I felt they were trying to rush us out of there. The time that elapsed between the waitress coming to check up on us and bringing out our plates and drinks was perfect... just enough time to leave us alone to enjoy each other's company, but not long enough where we felt like she forgot about us.The food was fantastic. With a party of 22, we were able to try almost everything on the menu. My favorites were the charcuteria board with a great fois gras. Their Cubano sandwich was very comforting... toasted, crunchy and cheesy. I also loved their pasta with lamb. The lamb seemed like it was stewed for hours and was so soft and tender. The pasta was fresh and delicious. I'm not a big dessert fan, but I did enjoy their olive oil cake. It didn't think it tasted like olive oil. Instead, it was more of a very light and airy cake that wasn't too sweet. I also really enjoyed their churros. It wasn't overloaded with sugar and cinnamon, so it wasn't too sweet. However, if sweet is what you want, it does come with melted milk chocolate for you to dip your churros.Toro Bravo does change their menu regularly, so I will definitely come back to try new items. If you would like to see some mouth-watering pictures of our meal at Toro Bravo, visit Liz T.'s page for some food porn.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,9/17/2010,110,167,8,16,10>I had such high hopes for Dick's when I heard they would be opening soon. Lucky for me they didn't disappoint. I've recently lost 50lbs so finding a place with healthier food tickles me pink.The first thing I noticed when my food came the seemingly tiny portions. I said I lost 50lbs... Not that I weigh 50lbs. I'm a slim 399lbs. SHOW ME THE MEAT! No, not "that" meat you perve... The portions were actually just right. I'm not sure how, but I walked out of this place full and ready for a nap.The beef burgers were good, but the buffalo was better. The only thing my buffalo burger needed was more pickles! I only got one on my plate.We didn't get to try all of the house made sauces, but the ketchup, horseradish and BBQ were great. My little fat guy tip for you is to mix a little BBQ and horseradish together.There were only two things I didn't like here. 1) The ice tea had a weird fruity flavor and was cloudy. I had to return it and ask for a root beer.2) They didn't offer a sauce sampling. This is a new place and maybe I missed out on a sauce that was better than the ones our table selected.I really can't wait to go back for another meal here.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,9/16/2010,123,492,18,15,17>"A date which will live in infamy."I don't really know how it started, but a group of us has been celebrating Pearl Harbor day every December at Thatch Tiki Bar for a few years now.  These have been some of the most infamous drinking sessions I have been known to attend.Their drinks are crazy strong.  You know, the kind of crazy strong that you don't see coming.  One minute you're sitting upright, laughing about...well, something hysterical, I'm sure.  And the next minute it's 1:30 a.m., last call (or we were shut off, I really don't remember too clearly), and we're all waiting for a fleet of Broadway cabs outside.  It's cold out, I'm sure, since it's December 7th, but I can't feel a thing.  I'm just hoping to stay awake long enough when I get home to Google the term Donkey Punch to understand why everyone giggled each time I ordered one.  Oh.  Wow.  Damn, Google, really?Carved Tiki gods.  Velvet paintings.  Blow fish bar lights.  Looking forward to the next outing.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,9/15/2010,758,866,,11,6>Limited seating, be here when it opens at 5:30 to get a table or one of about 8 seats at the bar. Cozy inside, feels like you're at home.We split a few dishes between 3 people on my visit here. The steak tartare was my favorite, intense meat flavor and very satisfying. The beet dish was excellent with the tangy horseradish sauce draped over it. Celery root/leek soup was another winner, very smooth and enhanced celery flavors.A nice touch here was the extras they include, like the bbq chips at the bar. We also got some little nibblers including a puff pastry, bread, and a gingerbread biscuit before we received the check.Based on what I tried, I don't think you can go wrong with any of the dishes here. I recommend the steak tartare, as it was my favorite.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2007,1/31/2008,126,2155,7,7,6>$2.50 Corona's.Who need's atmosphere?
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2008,1/30/2008,51,180,2,3,4>While trying to scope out the Belmont bar scene, my original plan was to go to Belmont's Inn.  However, the place was packed.  So I told Andrew C. we should check out a place I'd seen around the corner the next street over while finding a parking spot.Personally, the Side Street looked like my ideal bar.  Its looks pretty new, which I thought was cool.  As soon as we walked in, I looked for seating, and while it wasn't a packed house like BI, it was damn close.But that was the only obstacle.  And give them some recovery points - after all, it was a Friday night.The bartenders were very nice, and served us some cheaper-than-most-places Pints of PBR.  There is smoking allowed, but thankfully the ventalation system is prime, as I walked out without having to worry about doing a full body-spray of Fabreeze upon returning home.  Side Street also has a pool table - with some decent room to shoot - and some great background music, which adds to the four stars.We're hoping to move to Hawthorne within the next few months.  Cross your fingers for us and hope it works out.  In the event we do, and despite there doesn't appear to be much upside to make Side St. a 5-star establishment, I expect to spend some more time here.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2007,1/29/2008,2,11,3,5,3>I have a busy week of friends with birthdays so I figured we could kill a few birds with one stone, and I've always wanted to check this place out, so five of us went down to Nuestra Cocina last night for dinner.First off, be prepared to wait.  Upon arrival at 7:30 we were told 45 minutes for the five of us, there is a bar area, but that was where the 45 mins of people were waiting.  It's a small place, which adds to the atmosphere, but equally so to the wait.  However, there is outside seating, and if you're willing to brave the cold, they have heat lamps and they can do it up quite nicely.  Service upon reception was quite good, everyone was friendly, and seating was prompt, as were the little things which some places forget, water and table snacks.  Their table snacks are soft tortillas and salsa, while tasty, I felt like the salsa could have used a little more kick and frankly "beef" (i.e. substance).  A tortilla/salsa taco is only so appetizing.Appetizers - We ordered the rockfish ceviche, and they had 3 swordfish tacos left, which I promptly laid my grubby stake on.  Both were delicious, the ceviche came with tasty tortilla chips and a spicy salsa that brought out more of the flavor in the fish.  Also ordered a baby spinach salad that was quite tasty.  Interesting note - the Cesar Salad is apparently named not after the great Roman Emperor Julius (Hail Caesar!) but ALEX-CAESAR CARDINI, who knew?  (Wikipedia verifies this new tidbit of information, interesting that Nuestra Cocina takes the time to reference the salad in that way, but not to spell his name correctly)Drinks - Sangria, good and plentiful, although maybe a little pricey at $11, it is sangria after all.  1 pitcher is just enough for 5 short glasses, so be conservative and order 4 pitchers...  (this may have influenced the overall experience)Entrees - We ordered: 2 Cod specials, 1 white prawn dish, the enchiladas, and I didn't taste the fifth.  The cod was well prepared, the sauce was delicious, although I'm not a big kale person, so points off for that, (subjective).  The prawn dish was delicious, succulent still in their shells, delicious.  The enchiladas were okay, overall I felt the tortillas lacked some of the bang that I've come to expect from authentic tortillas (that may be the oil/butter they're cooked in), they were a little bland, and enchiladas aren't my favorite dish.Desert - Chocolate pound cake (mmm), Flan (pretty good), Crepes (delicious!  be difficult and order them with chocolate sauce as well as the cinnamon sauce, succulent!)Overall, the service was prompt (and patient with my outspoken and demanding friend.)  We were well taken care of, even though we were outside, I didn't feel like the redheaded step child left out in the cold.  Maybe it was a little pricey, but we did have three courses and 4 pitchers of sangria, you do the math (I did, roughly $40 per w/tip).  To sum up, I have an elitist palate at this point in Portland, and while I'd say this place is good, it didn't leave me so stuffed I thought I would fall over, or so amazed that I wanted to move in, hence the four stars.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,1/28/2008,3,5,5,5,5>Want to know my weakenesses? Better known as the "Three B's", I am a total sucker for Beer, Bread, and if you've been paying attention, Bacon. Classy as hell, no? Well, the Rogue Ales Public House is just the kinda place I go to find the finer things in life. I come here all the time, mainly because I work here. Yep, I am guilty of working the system to up the Portland Rogue Distillery in the stars department. Bias? Maybe a little, but I was a customer before I was ever an employee and I think that their 100 Meter Ale and the Chocolate Stout are the best damn beers I've ever had. They make their own bread from spent grains that are used to brew the beer (Neat!), and it tastes amazing. And finally, i canNOT quit eating the bacon cheese Kobe burger, even when I've reached my burst level. This is the place you will find us employess on our day off (and not just because we get a discount, trust me), its because we're addicted. Plus, you should just come to see me, I will do my bestest to make sure you love us.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2007,1/27/2008,152,351,,15,5>Losing a pet is never easy, but Family Animal Services provides respectful and professional services that can help you deal with some of the unpleasant details.They offer a range of affordable services, from simple pick-up and delivery for cremation (they'll come to your vet, your home, or you can go to their facility) to letting you and your family use a room for a ceremony if you prefer. The staff is as hands-off or supportive as you need, and they are non-judgmental about your preferences.  I'm sad that I have had to use their services before and probably will again soon :( :( but I'm glad to know they'll be there when I need them.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/10/2007,1/26/2008,121,1306,7,9,7>Fried. Mac. N. Cheese. Bites. That's really all you need to know.  Guilty pleasure like whoa.  Can life get any sweeter?  I mean really?This place is the brightest ray of sunshine (or neon light) on the block.  It's truly hard to miss this place.   Kelly's is to gas station/motorcycle as Alibi is to tiki.  As cheesy as it all is, it works.  Being subjected to smoke all my life, I can be pretty tolerable, so I didn't notice the smoky conditions of the bar.  By the bar, the walls are lined with booths and there is a separate room off to the side to accommodate more people with a huge projector screen.  La Bamba anyone?  The service was spot on.  They have a plethora of hard alcohol and beers on tap for your consumption.  They also bring fine pub fare to the table too.  There is grease, but it's not too greasy.  You're not constantly using your neighbor as a napkin.  It's a nice laid back place with a good happy hour.  You can't complain.  Well you can, but then I wouldn't share my mac-n-cheese bites.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2008,1/25/2008,24,17,5,4,5>Another downtown gem, Mama Mia's was the best Southern Italian cooking that I've had yet in Portland (my own family's excluded, of course).  Grandma Mary's Sunday Gravy was a meatlovers delight - MAYBE as good as the same dish from Gino's in Sellwood (now I'll have to go back there to compare, dang it.)  Check it out, definitely!  It was so good that I'm looking forward to trying out Mother's and anything else this owner/chef decides to do.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2008,1/24/2008,0,0,4,4,4>I love it here.  They have a newer palette now and it's lovely.  The paint is great, but a little expensive.  It's worth it.  They always ask about your project to make sure you know what you're doing.  They are very knowledgeable about the products and have great tips.  Ask for the tips, I swear it's worth it.  Here's a good one: before painting wet your brush down into the ferrule and then spin it back and forth in between your hands (spin out the water).  This will make cleanup a lot easier.  I like it because it's Northwestern and because they carry the paint to your car.  Dude, you can go in and buy ONE QUART of paint and they CARRY IT OUT.  You should let them, too even if you're a big guy because that way the clerks can get out and get the fresh air and all.  I like Charles the best.  I always sort of jockey to get in his line.  He gave me my preferred customer card and always remembers me.  There is free coffee, tea (big selection for free paint store tea, too), popcorn and TV in the waiting room.  But if you're in there eating your popcorn and hanging out, be prepared to sit for a long time because you can't hear them calling your name.  I was there 30 minutes once and had to go ask about the paint and they were like, "Oh, we were waiting for you. It was ready about 25 minutes ago..."  But hey, more popcorn for me.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2008,1/23/2008,49,171,3,7,6>This has been the 4th gym I have joined over my gym life and I love this place. I am a tennis player and there are 5 courts available complete with a mixed doubles league! The Cardio theater is never so full that you can't jump on something even during crunch time. My personal trainer is fantastic! He isn't the cookie cutter dude walking around trying to get clients any way he can. He is knowledgeable and laid back as far as no pressure to buy his training package. He knows his stuff and knows when to push you to do one more rep. Dre is great! One of the other trainers here is Ken Coleman from the third season of the show "Biggest Loser". The locker rooms are very clean and have a clean smell at all times.You get all the bells and whistles here.There are a bunch of classes for all abilities to choose from throughout the day as well as special classes you can sign up for at additional cost. The hours of operation is very convenient since they close at 11 pm weeknights and open at 4:30am!!!! The staff all seem nice too and where else is there a club where you can work out then drink a beer while watching a big screen tv in their lounge. I will be a member for life!
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2007,1/22/2008,258,331,3,5,4>Oh my God....why didn't someone tell me about this heavenly establishment? It was right under my nose.  This is the best grocery store in the Portland area.The best grocery-store Chinese food.  The cleanest, most appetizing meat market with wonderful steaks and sausages.  The best, freshest deli food that just goes on and on and on and wraps around the store.Well-laid out aisles, friendly workers, stocked shelves, good sales.  The little eating area next to the deli even has a spotlessly clean microwave oven for your frozen purchase....just in case you get hungry while shopping.And for me, the ultimate prize: a fish market area that doesn't stink.  This means they scrub out the drains every night.....god I love you.I wish someone would bulldoze the piece-of-crap Safeway on Ainsworth and MLK and build a Haggen there.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,5/31/2014,434,336,7,18,12>Wow, they did a great job on the remodel! I remember when this same space was the dance floor for Boxxes, complete with GoGo dancers. Plenty of wood, the table tops have lovely stones beneath the glass. Apparently most of the interior was hand fashioned by them. Luckily, a couple of people in our group took photos.I didn't feel that the bar has a "party" atmosphere. At least when we were in yesterday. Most of the other patrons were at two tops enjoying food and a drink or two. It may be livelier later in the evening, but I didn't see anyone downing shots or getting white girl wasted. It seems a little upscale for that. They have a great rum selection, and a drink menu devoted to rum cocktails. I need to work my way through it since it's one of my favorite spirits.The bar itself is fairly small inside. There a few small picnic tables outside. It was a warm day, so we opted to sit indoors. The staff was super friendly, and happy to push a couple of tables together to accommodate our larger group. We came in for the happy hour, and it is truly excellent! Sarah C. took a picture of the menu, so you can see what is available. There are also a couple of pictures of the HH plates we ordered. I had the fondue, but the fish taco's are some of the best around in my opinion. Priced at $5 for happy hour they are an absolute steal! The $3 drink of the day was fashioned from muddled mango, passion fruit puree, and rum. I actually felt like I was drinking a healthy fruit smoothie with a kick to it, rather than boozing it up. Very refreshing.Our group arrived at different times, but our waitress was happy to repeat the specials to the newcomers. She also separated all of our tabs without even being asked, so cashing out was a breeze. Everyone seemed very happy with their food and drinks, so I anticipate this becoming a regular in our happy hour rotation. Note: If you were a fan of the HH menu at Aura or Red Cap, you will find many of the same items on this menu.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,5/30/2014,758,866,4,13,8>Fabulous flavors, tons of vegetables, great service. True gourmet dishes out of a food cart.Tried two items:*Captain of the Mail Sandwich - This literally has 20 different ingredients in it. Had the breaded fried chicken version. There's a lot going on and every bite you can taste something different if you want. The sandwich falls apart easily and is very messy, but so good you won't care.But even better than the sandwich was the broccoli that came with it on the side. Sauteed in butter and miso with Parmesan sprinkled on top. Probably the best prepared broccoli I've had in my life.*To The Bins rice bowl - Went with the tofu and consists of coconut curry with a half dozen vegetables and rice. Mix it all up and go to town. Ton's of flavor like the sandwich, loved all the veggies. Just awesome.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,5/29/2014,273,418,10,8,6>Looks like I was reviewing Screen Door every year, and then I missed 2012...and now it's almost 2014.  I am long over-due.If you look up at the top of the Screen Door page you'll see I'm the "Duke" and it's not just because I walk by this location, whip out my celly, and snipe-check-in on a daily basis.No, it's because I live pretty close to here and if I'm in town on weekends (usually not the case in the summer, often the case in the winter due to my climbing addiction) I will go here for brunch. Always.  I've also started an informal tradition of eating dinner here before every Mt Hood climb (I mean, if it could be your potential last meal it should be your BEST meal, right?  I stole this idea from United States Prison System).Anyway, everything I've said before, it still stands.The food is always good, always.  Don't even bother asking your waiter/waitress what they would get, just get whatever has the most ingredients you like, you won't be disappointed.  But, I know, you want ME to recommend something, so I will.  I usually get something off the specials.  Lately I've been getting the Huevos Rancheros (scrambled, cuz I don't like eggs prepared the "authentic" way), and I have never once regretted it.  I hope it becomes part of the regular menu eventually.  And, of course, if you're a tourist in Portland you MUST get the Chicken and Waffle and take a photo that you immediate post to the internet (as is tradition).The wait staff is genuinely happy, helpful, and efficient.  Not just in comparison to jaded-skinny-jean'd Portland, but to anywhere!  Seriously, I was given house-baked pralines for Christmas the past two years for coming here so often.  What other place in Portland does that?  Name one?  That's right, you can't. (and if you can, please notify me immediately...and no one else)This is the #1 rated place on the Portland Yelp splash page for a reason, just go here already!If I were to say one negative thing it would be that brunch is only on the weekends.  Then again, I would probably have to buy a whole new jean collection if that were so...blessing in disguise.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,5/28/2014,209,542,6,9,8>Love that we have a local seafood restaurant in the area. The food here is good! A nice family friendly option or just a great place for a mimosa brunch. They aren't bottomless mimosas but they do make some tasty cocktails. My favorite is the Huckleberry Drop. They also have a great cheap food Happy Hour Menu. The soups here are also a highlight, love the citrus tomato! They sell pints of it to go. Did I mention they have a drive through window? You have to call ahead but still it's a great option. The fried oysters here are very tasty and the portion is huge! Actually I've never been able to finish and entrée here. Not once. And hello, I'm a yelper, I love food, I have a healthy appetite! Entrees come with soup or salad which is nice. Since everything comes from their farm, the salads here are always super fresh and tasty. My fav dish here is their seafood stew, reminds me of San Fran.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,5/27/2014,265,215,5,12,6>I've been to this place several times, but before my last visit, it had been a few years. They seem to have fine-tuned their cocktail menu (using a lot of local booze, yay) and their taco menu had some new (to me) surprising vegan choices. When I used to come in here, it was because I accidentally found myself cruising for dinner on a Friday or Saturday night. This place was always a quiet refuge from the loud music, long wait and crowded tables of most Portland restaurants. That has apparently changed; every table was full of what I used to call 'the downtown crowd' and the music was so loud I had to yell to my friends over the dinner table. Good for them for getting busier and drawing a crowd, but boo to a quiet Friday night dinner for me. The server we had was gracious when he realized he made a mistake in telling me the chips appetizer was vegan (there is cheese ON the chips, whoops) and brought out some complimentary tots for me. Thanks, buddy.The tacos were the real standout. Two tacos are vegan as-is, and a few more are easily veganizable. I ordered The Siren (faux fish taco with shoestring potatoes and vegan tartar sauce), Na-Cho Taco (black beans, tomatoes, green onions & black olives in a crunchy shell, hold the cheese) and the Half-Baked (breaded and fried vegan mac and cheese with Sriracha slaw). Fun, creative and different than many other vegan taco options in town, I was delighted with the selection. I loved The Siren--I think the tofu fish was wrapped in nori, which gave it a distinctive ocean taste (in a good, not creepy way).The tacos are reasonably priced, the cocktail menu has the aforementioned local booze and nicely crafted drinks, and the vegan options are surprisingly nuanced. I'll definitely be back, but will aim for happy hour or an early weekday night.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,5/26/2014,99,70,5,8,5>I just don't make it out to southeast enough so there are still a lot of places I don't know about. I had to go to Bikeasaurus after work and I hadn't eaten since lunch. The guy behind the counter recommend that I go a couple stores down to Devil's Dill and pick up a sandwich.I was a little surprised when I walked in at first. It has a big kitchen area, 90% of the store space, then just a little area to wait while they make your order. There aren't any tables to eat at. I wonder if they put some out ,in the summer, to eat outside. Being a Friday night, it was pretty busy so the waiting area was a bit crowded and the phone kept ringing with pick up and delivery orders. There were three people furiously cooking in the huge kitchen, one guy taking all the orders, and one guy doing deliveries. I ordered the #4- red wine braised beef, grilled onions and pepper, cheddar, and horseradish aoli, a side of potato salad, and a Mexican coke. This all came out to $16 with a tip. Definitely more than I was looking to spend on a quick bite. As I waited, I quickly found out why it doesn't have an eating area. This is really a neighborhood delivery and take out shop. The cashier knew the name of several people who came and called. It's also one of the few places I've run into that does free delivery. Even though it was busy, the sandwich came out pretty quickly. I ended up just eating on one of the benches as it had cleared out a bit by the time I got my sandwich. It was a fairly large sandwich and was packed to the gills with tender, juicy, and extremely flavorful braised beef. Growing up in a Jewish household, I've eaten my fair share of braised beef, onions, and horseradish, but this was better than anything my mom or rabbi had ever made. Everything about the sandwich was excellent. The firm, sour dough ciabatta. The pungent HR aoli. My only minor criticisms are that the aoli was not evenly dispersed, some parts were slathered while others were devoid. It could also have used more onions and raw and pickled onions would have been a great addition as well. The potato salad was also quite good. This wasn't the mayo saturated Safeway deli kind. This was more of a mustard based, German style potato salad. The portions were large enough that I wrapped up a third of the sandwich and half the potato salad to go. The coke did not make it. With its long, late hours and free delivery, I would be a regular too if I lived in the area. I can't wait to find another excuse to be in the area to try out their other offerings. Maybe they'll open a second location in N/NE.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,5/25/2014,143,335,5,10,10>I waited to review this place, since I went here years ago, and just started again, But now I feel confident in saying that this is my gym! It really feels like no other gym I've been to (in my limited scope including West Coast, a high-priced women only gym, and a Boston Bally's).  The staff have all been super friendly and helpful.It used to be almost empty when I went to work out here. It's a little more full these days, but still room enough to be comfortable. It's not a huge weight room, although the center itself is pretty large. There's a gymnasium, computer rooms, yoga/ classroom and probably more. But there's plenty enough treadmills, bikes, tvs, rowing things and weight machines to keep everyone happy. The parking lot is kinda small, but there's extra parking right outside on the street.People are friendly here. I had to warn the guy next to me that I may need his help on the contraption since it had been a while, and he was happy to oblige. The very toned and upscale woman next to me was friendly as well, and later came to thank me since my (probably too loud) lecture to my friend had inspired her to spend extra time with her kids. And one gentleman, covered in sweat, came to over to good-naturedly razz us because we were talking more than we were lifting. We informed him that we had already done the hardest part because we both showed up. It's more men than women, but really doesn't seem to make much of a difference to me as long as I'm copacetic.This place doesn't make me want to compare myself to other people or worry about how I look that day. I am glad it is not overpopulated, yet wish it were more utilized. I wish they had volleyball in the gym year round and people actually showed. Check out the flier or online and see what the Portland Centers have to offer.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,5/24/2014,241,429,11,11,10>I'd been meaning to try this place for a long, long time, I finally put a reminder to do so on my phone during a three day weekend. Today was that third day. I was looking at the menu and I'd almost settled on a quesadilla when I saw a sign attached to the bottom offering for sale gorditas.Some worthless hippy of my former acquaintance ranted at length once about how "real" gorditas were SO MUCH BETTER than what Taco Bell called the same. I probably ended up making her cry over it, and we weren't even dating! *rimshot*So you see, authenticity is a dirty word to me, I have no idea nor care if the gorditas Don Pancho served to me fit someone's arbitrary notions of food purity, but it was pretty damn good. I was expecting a fat taco, I got a sandwich on crispy bread.When I picked it up the very friendly lady behind the counter handed me a silverware rollup: "You might need this". She said. So I did, to enjoy the steak salad that was left behind once my sammich shuffled loose this mortal coil. Into my stomach.They had bottled beer and fountain pop, plus what seemed like the normal range of south of the border bottled soft drinks. I got a beer. Three day weekend, y'all.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,5/23/2014,320,479,27,29,26>Sometimes a girl just needs a fluffy chocolate croissant.  Luckily, when the need strikes, there is Little T Baker to rescue the girl from chocolate pastry withdrawal.The girl found that when she entered Little T Bakery, the aroma was divine, like freshly brewed coffee and newly baked pastries.  How proper for the girl in need of a chocolate pastry fix.  She felt oh so confident that she would be delighted with her purchase of the flakey, buttery, chocolaty croissant.After she purchased said croissant, she darted swiftly out of the cozy little bakery and headed directly home, latched her door behind her and devoured the beautifully crafted pastry bite, by slow and indulgent bite.Rapture.2014 - Review # 17
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/22/2014,97,506,6,12,11>The beers are all a slight departure from the typical lineup, each interesting in its own way. They appear to be avoiding the typical hop-bomb IPA at all costs. The one beer in the lineup that's a big surprise is the hefepils, which is a classic Oregonian "style guidelines? We don't need no steenking style guidelines!" beer. I think only John Harris could pull this one off. It's light and tasty and good year-round.They are definitely trying to set a high bar for pub food, they have some unusual items, like a beet melt, but they also do high-quality versions of old standards like burgers and soups.The service is friendly and helpful. The space feels like a big cold box when you first walk in, but it feels much more cozy once you're seated.[While you're in that neighborhood, the new StormBreaker Brewing (in the old Amnesia space) is also worth checking out. The space isn't a lot different than it was in Amnesia days, but the food and beer is at least 3 notches better. ]
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,7/24/2007,19,50,1,3,1>Holy Happy Hour!My favorite thing about Portland is the abundance of happy hours. I like a town that values cheap eats and drinks. Portland City Grill is the nirvana of happy hours.We arrived on a Friday afternoon and it was pretty crowded. We did a walk through and didn't see any available tables. I was on my way back to the entrance when my friend flagged me down because a girl sitting at one of the coveted booths had grabbed her and told her we could sit on the other side of the booth. That's crazy because that would never happen in LA. I still can't get over that people in other parts of the country are actually really really nice. Not to diss LA, but that kind of thing just never happens here.So we ordered two martinis and glancing at the food menu, noticed that everything was between $2 and $5, so of course we ordered four things. Why not? They were all so cheap. Nevermind that we had dinner reservations in about two hours.The martinis were great and the crab cake was superb. Best fries I've had in a while also. And the view! Wow.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2007,7/22/2007,71,159,6,3,6>Surpassed only by New York City, Portland is home to the second-largest population of comics professionals in the United States. When I discovered this fact, I hypothesized at least two things:1) Misanthropic social outcasts with pseudo-artistic tendencies really love gloomy weather.2) There are some good comic book shops in Portland.I am not a scientist, so I don't actually, like, test my hypotheses -- I just sort of make them up with no factual basis whatsoever. But still, Guapo totally proves number 2, thus making it a Universal Law of Science that "There are some good comic book shops in Portland." This law will be known as "Ben's Law of Comic Book Shops in Portland."Guapo has pleasant decor -- rare for a comic shop -- and is easy to navigate. Their selection of 'zines rivals that of a specialty store like Needles and Pins; their alternative and indie graphic novels are organized and well-selected; they have a few hip silkscreen prints for sale, if you happen to be looking for a hot pink pug puppy with three heads to hang above your bed; and they have all the standard manga and men-in-tights-and-capes superhero stuff, if that's what you're into.San Francisco seems to have fallen for Isotope's claim to being a "comics lounge." Sure, Isotope's couch is an amazing thing if you're into tacky-ass white pleather. But they need to take some lessons from Guapo, who ups the lounge ante by providing not only a couch, but also: a table with chairs, a chess set, and a full service coffee bar complete with light snacks. So go ahead, lounge away! But careful -- don't spill your latte on that hentai you're reading!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2007,7/21/2007,3211,1938,15,18,14>BEST PHO IN PORTLAND!!!!Hands down.  I have been going here for years, and have brought friends from Seattle, LA, and Korea to this place and they all agree that its the best pho they have ever had.  1. They have all the normal pho choices plus tripe, tendon, etc2. The bowls are large3. The broth has crack in it, I swear, because even when I am super full, I cannot stop drinking the broth (well, ok, maybe it doesn't have any forms of cocaine in it, but whatever it has in it, its damn good)4. The pho cures even the worst hangoverThe rest of the food there is pretty darn good too. For some reason, they have INCREDIBLE kimchi. The iced coffee is great (gets you wired).  The service is sheer comedy.  Its lightning fast, but they are totally inattentive. Some of them are comedians, some of them obviously would rather be somewhere else, some sound like they have chronic emphysema, and others... well... let's just say that you shouldn't go there expecting that fake, sugary BS service you get at an Applebee's.  Go there expecting to be treated like a white person in Vietnam. One of the best aspects of the restaurant (besides the Pho) is that they have this cart they use to clear the tables. It has bins for the dishes, and a huge bucket on the back they dump the bowls of pho into, chopsticks and all. They just come wheeling through the place swiping things off tables, dumping the contents into the "pho bucket" (as we affectionally call it) and crashing them down into the bins on the cart.  Makes you look at the plastic reusable chopsticks in your hand and think "hmmm, these were once in that big bucket of pho-slurry".  It's deliciously unsettling.  The place is dirty. Real dirty. One time, there was no hand soap in the bathroom (to give them the benefit of the doubt, I think they had just run out, and it was really busy). Plus, the cart (see prior paragraph).  If you are picky about neat/clean eateries, don't go here.  However, if you have been to Asia, you won't even bat an eye at this filth. Plus, the pho is so damn good, that one is generally willing to overlook the dirt.  I have eaten here countless times and have never ever ever ever gotten sick from it.Sundays are the days I am usually there, and it seems to always be filled with Vietnamese families all dressed up from church.  The restaurant is filled with a cacophony of languages, cooking sounds, and yelling waitstaff. It is an entertaining milieu to observe while waiting the 5 minutes for your bowl of pho to arrive.  All in all, this place rules. It has great pho, cheap prices, is totally unpretentious, and it is FAST.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2007,7/20/2007,1,63,4,7,3>Another fast food establishment that gets four stars from me. Blessed art thou, and blessed is the fruit of thy walk-in cooler! And all other paraphernalia of culinary concoctery. Before I even get started, Chipotle isn't owned by McDonald's; McDonald's financed them. This place serves great burritos with high quality ingredients. Before the animals are slaughtered they're treated humanely and not pumped full of those strange things agribusiness is experimenting on us...they die with a smile on their faces, translated to smiles on our faces and stomachs. The guacamole is pretty damn good, too, and vegetarians can bypass the corpses in favor of the farty fruits. Oh yeah, and they use romaine lettuce!Too bad this chain originated in hateful Denver, but I can't fault the food for it. (I'll tend to you yet, Denver, don't you worry.)
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2007,7/19/2007,795,810,,2,6>Portland Airport is one of the best.  If you ever have to have a long layover, this is the place.  Easy access in and out, and very large gate areas make it really handy to use.  It is ultra clean, has some great food places in the terminals and has shopping stores in the entrance area just like a mall. Wi-Fi spots abound all over the place.  Also, you can catch the light rail which whisks you away to the downtown area and beyond. It has a Columbia and Powell's branch inside.  What more do you need?  Way above average restaurants and great drink stops.  I fly out of the Southwest terminal, and really like the area just past the TSA security check.  Lots of tables to sit and read in front of huge windows to view the outside action.  I really enjoy the performers they have there you can listen to for free. I have sat and listened to an outstanding piano player that could play anything I asked, and a fabulous blonde blues singer who should be on TV or in the movies, as she was that good. All this and more - in an Airport?  Yup, Portland knows how to do it up right.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/2/2007,7/18/2007,86,194,1,7,1>On a recent trip to the Portland area, we opted to stay in the Washington Square Mall area since I like the selection of shops at that mall and am somewhat familiar with the area. Also, the hotel room prices fit our budget better than the downtown hotels.We arrived on Friday afternoon, and checked into the Phoenix Inn. Check in was a breeze in the pleasantly decorated lobby. We made our way up to our room, and found that we had been upgraded from the "bargain rate" standard room to a suite with jacuzzi tub. Most of the room decor was contemporary, so that bubblegum-pink tub stood out! It was a nice extra but we didn't use it. Even though our room faced Greenburg Road, the windows were VERY soundproof and there was little or no traffic noise. On the other hand the doors slam. LOUDLY. I don't know if there's anything that can be done about this, but it was disruptive during the night.We had both a large and comfy king bed and a sofa. The bedding was great - nice pillows and a cozy comforter.The bathroom was small but functional. The shower had adjustable pressure which was nice, and the shower head was at a good height (I didn't have to stoop down to rise my hair, which is always a bonus!). Instead of amenity bottles there was a soap and "shampoo plus" dispenser in the shower. This worked out fine for me, but it could have been a little higher up.In addition to the TV, the entertainment center housed a microwave and fridge. We didn't use either. A coffee maker, hair dryer, iron, and ironing board were also in the room.Wifi was fast and there was a strong signal. I had NO problems with the free Internet connection. My daughter was happy to see that the Disney Channel was included in the cable lineup (we don't receive that channel at home).The small pool was perfect for my daughter. Kids are not allowed in the pool area after 10pm, but they were willing to let that slide a little if they are not disruptive and there aren't any adults trying to enjoy a quiet swim or soak in the spa.Breakfast was OK - a good selection of hot & cold items, including fruit.Overall, a good place for a night's rest... and conveniently located.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2007,7/17/2007,17,123,2,5,2>Seriously authentic Mexican food. We are usually one of two non-hispanic groups in the whole place - granted, the place isn't all that big. Nobody on staff really speaks english all that well either. These area all very good signs.Just a note, the only people eating burrittos at this place are the white folks. I would suggest you try something else - take a look around to see what the 'locals' are eating and order likewise. They also serve Coke in the tall glass bottles. I really dig that.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2007,7/16/2007,204,297,3,4,3>I love the Marathon, or the Mary-Ton, as we sometimes call it.  To sound a little more fancy and to distinguish it from that hideous practice masochistic runners put themselves through on purpose.  I wish I had a dollar for every time I've come in for hangover breakfast in my jammies and ended up closing the place down.  It sucks you in!  You won't get out sober.Remember that huge ice storm a few years ago?  I somehow managed to drive down in it from Seattle for my friend's birthday, and we all holed up at the Marathon.  The Mary Ton is the only place I've ever been cut off (I do not count the other time I was cut off since it was unprovoked and unnecessary) but I don't remember it.  So I'm sure I totally deserved it.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2007,7/15/2007,9,71,7,11,7>I have had a massage here 3x. I just had a facial and I am really pleased. Sounds like I'm spoiled, but I went to Dosha last week and the whole time I wished I was back at Ruby Violet. The vibe is really nice. You feel like you are really being genuinely taken care of. GREAT massage, great facial. I did NOT leave looking like I just had a face-fight with a hand sander.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2007,7/14/2007,88,385,,3,2>Yes, I know what you're thinking- mall Thai food? What's that all about? And it's not even really in an mall, it's a strip mall, much worse. But, never fear because on my epic quest for amazing PDX Thai food, I have found this, Arwawan Thai  and I have to say that I was very impressed. It is quick and easy Thai food, but sometimes, it matters how it's cooked, and what you order. I was happy with the two veggie dishes on the list, one with rice noodles, the other with a yellow curry sauce. They came out quickly, and seemed to have fresh, real ingredients, and LOTS of veggies. If you're on 82nd, hungry, and feel like some Thai food that is not heavy on the attitude, this is your spot!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2010,10/16/2010,171,101,19,20,20>In an empty corner lot, under a shady verandabehind a chain linked fenceunder a bright pink, blue and orange Pinatais an old bus with the words "King Burrito" handwritten over the back window.Inside the bus there is a old man and he is busy shuffling metal trays of freshly chopped potatoes and cilantro. The strong smell of Carne Asada slapped me in the face and suddenly I knew...Bam! I HAD to have a burrito. THAT burrito. Like....rightnow.The man popped open the window (which is the back window of the school bus) and asked me what I would like. I asked if he could make 2 burritos. carne asada & carnitas.He laughed and simply said, "I can make anything!" he smiled. And I completely believe him. He made that burrito so fast, I'm pretty sure he could've done it in his sleep.He brought the food out to me in a bag with 3 or 4 little extra green sauces that he had just MADE FRESH. um. WTF!!?! Fresh green salsa? Hand made tortilla? Sweetest man to ever make a burrito in a bus? PINATAS???! Dude. Pinatas are awesome. Came home and surprised Gabe with my discovery and we did the happy burrito dance before feasting.First off. They are HUGE and incredible. I make no claims towards having a refined palate and i opt out of the authentic debate wars, because, hey... I like guacamole flavored tortilla chips sometimes. Yes. It's true.BUT... I do know this...the Carnitas made me want to cry because I was sure that I must have died and gone to Burrito Heaven. Ya know...Burrito Heaven. Where burritos are served by nice old guys who under charge and give extra salsas and smile and make something so tasty that you can't even put it into words, let alone put it down to take a drink.If a roller skating Muppet brought it out to me and then Steve Martin and Tina Fey came and sat down to join me while it rained glitter & cupcakes, THEN I'd know for for sure. But just as I poured the final drop of green sauce on to my tongue. (mmm so good), I heard Gabe say "DAMN. That was fucking good."Happy to be alive, full of great food, and to have discovered this magical bus...I smiled and took my last spicy bite. "Damn is right".I will be back. Try and stop me. :)
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,10/15/2010,129,126,5,9,8>I want you to close your eyes. Just humor me. Now imagine walking into your local library. But instead of seeing books on all the shelves. It's beer. Tasty yummy beer on every shelf. Did you just have a wet dream? Then you just pictured Belmont Station!Helpful staff, excellent selection and they are constantly bringing in new beers. Both new seasonal and new brewers. I went there with the hopes of finding the last of the Roots organic beer. I got the last of four bottles. Was worth every penny. These guys know their shit and stock well Go here and buy. Buy it all. Buy everything. I'm Greg and I approve this message
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,10/14/2010,222,561,9,6,6>If my boyfriend:(a) Lived in Portland,(b) Was not a vegan or vegetarian, and(c) Was over 21,I'd definitely make him take me here for date night.I'm not usually taken aback by the sexiness of a bar. Yup, you heard me correctly. If I had taken my boyfriend, I probably would have jumped him in one of the secluded and tall-backed booths. Dim lighting. Dark floors, walls, and tables. Love it!Also, for the size of the place (it's pretty small), I was really surprised by their menu. Holy cow! They have some really awesome-looking stuff on there.Of course I settle on the Winter Slowburger, which is apparently the stuff of legends. Juicy beef, gorgonzola, pancetta, tomato relish. Are you trying to play with me? And yes, it was as delicious as it sounds.I also enjoyed their Southern Lemonade, complete with a good whamp of whiskey. My friends rave about their Bloody Marys, which apparently contains a house-infused tomato vodka; sorry, but I still think all Bloody Marys taste like I'm downing a glass of marinara...not my thing.Oh, Slow Bar.Is it love?Or is it just the burger?Can we ever really know?
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,10/13/2010,97,506,14,10,12>I'm giving "Jade Teahouse" 5 stars, but I have to warn you:these people are not what they seem!  ALL of the dishes that we tried were completely mis-named!For example:-the "fried salt & pepper squid" should really be named "crispy crack-laced squid rings" because they were slap-yer-mama tasty. I would easily eat an entree-sized portion of these if they offered it.-Also, the "salad rolls" should have been named "ginormous cold crunchy rolls of heaven" because they came with a great dipping sauce and we absolutely perfect to start our meal on a 90-degree evening outside on their lovely patio. - The "char sui (bbq pork) hum bao" should be called "giant handful of smoky meat goodness" because it was the first hum bao I'd ever seen that I didn't mind splitting with someone else. Huge. Finally, the name of this entire establishment is completely misleading. When I hear "teahouse" I think fussy old ladies sitting in musty old chairs with their pinkies in the air.  Jade should instead be named House of Southeast Asian Deliciousness.  We will have to plan a return visit to really get to the bottom of the insidious plot behind this den of deceptive deliciousness. Oh yes.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,10/12/2010,207,465,8,15,10>So, I've never really done the wax thing. But I've always been needing some assistance with these eyebrows of mine, not like they're insane anything - but a little management was needed. I dilly dallied about making an appointment but first off, you can make 'em online! And then I saw the appointment open was for the owner Shannon. DONE. The day of the appointment, I walked into the nice & air conditioned lobby just about on time. As the receptionist greeted me, out bustled Shannon herself to greet me. Very impressive. And then I was handed a glass of wine. Color me sold. After I filled out some quick paperwork, I was whisked into a room for THE WAXING. Shannon asked me what I wanted and I confessed my newbie status - and she quickly quelled my fears. I literally did not know what I wanted & she made sure I was comfortable with what she was about to do. She then commenced chit-chatting me up so much that not even the warm wax being spread on my face warned me that hair was about to not be there. When she ripped the first strip I'd literally forgot why I was there - she was that good about distracting me. Soon enough it was all over and my brows looked GREAT. AKA I did not have stripper brows (this was the only thing I was able to say I did not want). Plus you get 10% your first visit if you mention Yelp. And why wouldn't you? Side note: I'm a waxing convert...for above the neck anyhow.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2010,10/11/2010,104,175,15,18,16>In the carefree days of my late teenage-hood, I used to frequent a lot of hippie festivals. Barefoot, mud-covered, drum-circled, patchouli-soaked, tie-dyed affairs. Sometimes during those chemically-enhanced music free-for-alls I'd end up sitting wide-eyed on a grassy slope, befriending everyone around me. I met a ton of people that way. Old hippies, the curly-haired children of earth goddess mothers, jamgrass fans in their suspenders, professional hoop dancers, and a whole host of down-to-earth people who just loved to get out in the middle of nowhere and dance for four days.I've since removed myself from the festival circuit, but I have an undying love of dancing and the sense of community that permeates the festival atmosphere. The Goodfoot is as close as I really come to that these days. It has a hilarious mix of folks of all ages, aesthetics, and tastes. I've seen kids there rocking the gold lame leggings and 80s sunglasses, patchwork-clad Deadheads, and women decked out in ballgowns. I can't find a single argument with this place. Good happy hour deals, cheap pool, awesome rotating art, multiple vegan options for dinner, cute patrons, and most importantly - an outstanding lineup of shows for CHEAP. Seriously. An average night will run you a whopping $5-7 for all your soul, funk, R&B, trance fusion, electrofunk, and bluegrass needs. Tons of people dancing, an atmosphere of celebration, and a few good stories to be picked up here and there. Just don't let my sweat hit you in the face when I do my sweet spin move at the front of the stage.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2010,10/10/2010,187,281,7,16,11>Preface: Read Don B's review - it's excellent!Our first return to Biwa since last summer's Yelp event was driven by a search for tasty shochu.My sweetie got her first taste of the stuff at said event. She is a migraine sufferer and has given up many potential headache triggers in a successful effort to reduce the frequency. There is very little in the way of alcoholic beverages that she can get away with consuming (discovered through trial and error). The short list includes Guinness Stout, 100% agave blanco tequila, and (you guessed it) shochu. The brands and varieties available in most of our (screw you Oregon) liquor stores are very limited and we have yet to find one as tasty as some of those available at Biwa. On a trip to California she found a very tasty brand that, alas, is not to be found in OR (even at Biwa). So our stated goal last evening was to pick some brains and sample some flights to locate a tasty, locally available shochu.We arrived at about 6:15 and were greeted promptly and informed that we could sit at a table or at the counter where Happy Hour specials would be available until 6:30. We both really enjoy watching the workings in the kitchen so we chose the low counter seating on the right end - prime viewing location close to the grills. We explained our quest to our friendly server, describing as well as we could qualities we were looking for in a shochu. The server pointed out her own favorites on their extensive shochu list that she thought might fit (interestingly, most of these were toward the lower end of the price spectrum) and offered some free samples. With her guidance we put together a custom flight of three. In all we sampled four varieties, three of which my sweetie judged excellent to very good. We marked these in priority on a menu to take home and got some good tips as to which of our (screw you Oregon) liquor stores we might be more likely to find them in.We ordered some HH specials, then a few small plates off of the regular menu after the magical hour elapsed with me remaining a might peckish. Everything we tried was 4 to 5 star stuff. Miso soup, a cold tofu dish, grilled garlic, grilled hanger steak, grilled chicken livers, grilled pork belly and a seaweed salad. I washed it down with a Sapporo draft (and a few little sips of Ronda's shochus).Service was above and beyond excellent - including our interaction with our server and friendly banter with the fellow manning the grill right in front of us. I certainly don't doubt the stories of my fellow yeeps who have had less satisfying service experiences here, all I can say is ours was great. Add to this the atmosphere (it just felt good in there) and we left very happy, glad that Biwa is so close.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2010,10/9/2010,434,336,13,18,13>First and foremost, this is a grocery store, that has an excellent deli counter. Keep this in mind if you're looking for restaurant style ambiance, because you won't find that here. It is more like a mom & pop mini mart in decor and set up. You order and pay at the counter, and the food is brought out to your table. Again, the tables are the same that you'd find in most mini mart type establishments. You fill your own drinks from the soda fountain next to the deli case. They have a large selection of imported products, which was fun to browse. They also carry Greek wine, which you don't see often stateside. That being said, the food is ridiculously good. I had heard that this is where to go for great gyro's and that is an understatement. I had tried Aybla for chicken gyro's, but didn't care for the dark meat they used. The sauce also needed more of a kick for my taste. I am so glad that I made the trip to NE to try Foti's since I had a mad craving for some Greek food. The people that work there were also extremely nice, answering a few questions for me since I had never been there. The food is made to order, but it came out rather quickly in my opinion. The fries were piping hot, crispy, with the right amount of salt. The gyro itself had slices of marinated grilled chicken breast, tomato, lettuce, and white onion, along with tzatziki that rocked my world with it's creamy, tangy, garlicky deliciousness. All of that wrapped up in a soft grilled pita. Yes, it was absolutely perfect. The only thing I would change would be to have red onion rather than white. OMFG!  I need more soon!  I need to try their hummus next time as well. I will try to avoid going before any UYE's so I don't assassinate everyone with my garlic breath.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,10/8/2010,61,115,7,9,7>The original Vita left me quite unimpressed and I basically crossed it off my list without the intention of ever going back. After they made the crazy leap across the street (I picture their moving day to look like a game of Frogger), I ended up going back when a friend suggested we meet for breakfast. Everything about the new spot was better: the food, the ambiance, the service, even the location! (kidding) There are a handful of things on the menu that are fantastic time and time again, the chicken fried steak and the buffalo tofu wrap come to mind, and then there are things that are just ok though strangely comforting. That is what Vita is to me: comfort food. Yummy vegan comfort food.I'm a big fan of their Wednesday night happy hour mainly because they have their fishwich for $5 and a habañero infused tequila with lemonade (my creation) for $2. Any place with ample vegan options that has spicy liquor on the well and offers aardvark hot sauce gets a top score from me. I'm just that easy to please.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,10/7/2010,130,164,14,14,18>His name is Woodie.  It's short for John Wooden, if you know me, you know why.  He's got a big "W" on his forehead and by the looks of it he's going to be sort of a Maine Coon cat-type thug.  But now he's a snuggle-puss kitten ball of fluff and I don't care if you think I'm being schmaltzy.I have been longing for a kitten since my cat passed away in October of 2008.  Between relocating to Portland moving a couple of times since I've been here, the timing just wasn't right.After much cajoling (you do not even want to know what I had to promise to do) of the SSBB, my kitten dreams came true last Sat.The Humane Society let us take our time, even though they were insanely busy, to decide which kitten was right for us.  The volunteers and staff could not have been more understanding and encouraging.  They even tried to upsell us to two kittens, believe me I would have if I could have.  Once we saw Woodie (then named Sly) it was all over.  There was a choir of angels and everything.  We were approved for adoption, given a handy info packet, dropped some dough in the pet supply shop, put Woodie in a carrier and off we went.This is where the story gets magical.  A mere four days later, Woodie and Clavey (my Siberian Husky) not only are getting along, but there hasn't been any sort of confrontation.  The humane society made sure we picked a kitten that could stand up to a big, scary looking dog.  He's currently perched on my arm.  I think he can proofread.  Look for Woodie M.'s reviews of pet stores around town.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2007,6/18/2007,5,4,8,13,5>I've listened to many friends talk about Acropolis and how good/cheap the steaks are for a while now, but coming from Texas I was a bit leery of a cheap steak being good.  Well, a friend said they would buy - No how could I pass up a free steak even if it did suck.  Entering there was a $4 cover.  The inside looked typical to a strip club.  There were 2 of the 4 stages active.  Each had a decent crowd & nice looking talent.  Taking a seat back toward the bar, the waitress quickly came over with the menus - I ordered a 12oz Sirloin ($7) and my friend an 8oz Ribeye ($5) each of which came with baked potato or fries and a salad bar.  The salad bar was somewhat small, but who wants greens anyway, we came for steak.  Other steak options were 12oz T-bone ($7) and I think an 8oz fillet ($5).  When the steak arrived.  I was pleasantly surprised and after the first bite I completely forgot about the naked girls around.  I was entirely engulfed in a very tasty steak and large bake potato.  This Texas boy has to admit that it's probably one of the best steaks he has had since in Portland; and when you throw in the price, it becomes #1.  The only thing missing was a nice glass of wine.I will be back for beef & to check for consistency.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2007,6/17/2007,36,228,,4,2>Nice people, very good pizza, a really long wait! We got there 10 minutes before opening and there was already a line 20 people deep. We sat down and hadn't decided when the server came around a few minutes later, and this resulted in a 45-min wait for our food.Still, it was worth the wait. It was very similar to a pizza you would have in Italy. And the cannoli was good, too, but it takes a bit of force to get through the shell. Generously sprinkled with dark choco and pistachios.Conveniently on the 14-Hawthorne bus line, for those coming from downtown.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/16/2007,52,39,1,4,3>I have been a loyal customer of Waxon pretty much since they first opened their doors in Portland.  While on vacation in Seattle, I had stayed at the Ace Hotel in Belltown and gotten a Brazilian wax at the Waxon in the building.  I was THRILLED when they told me they were opening a salon in Portland.  As all women who get Brazilians know, WHO does your wax and HOW they do it are both so incredibly key to being happy with your results and getting your money's worth.  I have seen both Kristan and Jevon at Waxon and they are both consummate professionals.  The spa is both sterile and comfortable.  Heck, they even offer you a little nip to perhaps take the edge off the pain.  You lay down on the table after stripping off your lower layers of clothing and then they do all the work.  Friendly, chatty, super nice all while waxing the hair off your girlie bits.  They both really listen to what you want and get the job done quickly, THOROUGHLY (not a single hair left behind, ladies!), and as painlessly as possible.  When they're all done with the waxing and any necessary tweezing, they give you a palmful of this AWESOME shea butter stuff to soothe your skin and help you get the wax off and you even get a warm wet towel.  Basically, I love this place and the people who work here. I read the previous review and I think because Portland IS so small and there are few reputable places to go to get a really thorough and sterile wax, Waxon DOES book up and early.  Once you get that first appointment, you can schedule maintenance waxings at a $55 PITTANCE.  I always book my next appointment at the end of my wax and in the year and a half or so I've been a every 5 week wax customer, I've never had difficulty getting an appointment.  When you call and leave a message, they will ALWAYS quickly call you back to schedule an appointment.I really recommend this place - particularly Jevon whom I've been devoted to for over a year and also Kristan who does an incredible job.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/15/2007,8,21,,6,3>The margaritas are mysteriously strong and delicious, but even they pale in comparison to the incredible food that Romo's La Jara has to offer.  It's truly in a class of its own as far as Portland Mexican food goes.  Everything I have had there is beyond great, from the excellent Chiliques to the unique Spinach and Feta enchiladas.  Even the table chips and salsa are heads above anywhere else in Portland.  The portions are generous and the atmosphere is great.  The servers are friendly and helpful in explaining anything you don't understand, which is possible here because it's not exactly like every other Mexican restaraunt in town.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/14/2007,7,29,1,7,3>Stopped here for Memorial Day brunch on our way out of Portland.  Needless to say, we left Portland with very, very full stomachs (and me with a nice buzz too, thanks to a giant mimosa).We got there at about 11 and had to wait at least an hour for a table for two.  But the free coffee and pretty garden atmosphere made the wait a little better.The mushroom and rosemary gravy?  Yum city!  And the biscuit was perfect.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/13/2007,32,114,,4,2>This is a great Kiehls outpost. The guy in the store helping me was super helpful but even more importantly, he gave me scads of free samples! Kiehls totally rocks and it's nice to get to this store without having to go into a large department store a la Nordstroms or Neiman Marcus.I love their oil free moisturizer and their facial washes and scrubs and lotions.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2007,6/12/2007,121,1306,1,11,5>A cute hometown burger and fry joint.  The menu does include various chicken/clam strips, corn dogs, hot dogs, etc.  The burgers are decent, made fresh to order.  The seasoned french fries are sadly hit or miss.  Sometimes soggy, sometimes crisp, sometimes too salty, sometimes too seasoned, it's really a game of chance.  However when they are 'just right' they are oh so tasty.   A better bet is their tater tots.  The real draw to this place is the ice cream or milkshakes.  They serve both hard and soft serve.  On a hot day the pick up window, the drive through, and inside the store will have lines.  Long lines.  On a hot day though, the ice cream is worth it.  Especially if you don't want to go to Dairy Queen.  If you have time, it's great to take your food across the street to Crown Park for a make-shift picnic.
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2007,6/10/2007,17,58,2,2,3>I have to first admit that I am not a regular coffee drinker.  If I do drink anything that has some sort of coffee drink in it, it has to be loaded with sugar, white chocolate syrup, topped with copious amounts of whipped cream--basically the most frou-frou Starbucks schlock one can concoct.  Anyway, after hearing all of the hype, I decided to order a simple latte.  I would have to admit that that was one of the best cups of coffee I have ever had.The only reason I took a star off is because of the cafe itself.  Now I understand the latest craze in branding--one is not merely selling a commodity one is selling an "experience" but for once I would just like a cafe to be a cafe or a bar to be merely a bar or a salon as where one only goes to get a haircut and not grab a beer.  The place is cavernous to accommodate whatever hip thing is going on, there's a DJ booth and the exposed concrete floor and walls just screams gallery.But the last paragraph was being a tad bit  too nit picky; the coffee wins out in the end.  I will just focus on my cup and a good conversation with friends.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2007,6/9/2007,24,65,,5,2>Really good sushi! Everything is made to order, which can mean the food takes awhile on super busy nights. Going on Wednesday means discounts and dinner can be really cheap. The staff is very friendly. Down side is it is far from my neighborhood and isn't easy to get to during rush hour.Update: A friend of mine convinced me to give this place another try so I did and while the food did take awhile, it wasn't near as bad as it was the first time. Don't be in a hurry, it's going to take at least an hour.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2007,6/8/2007,24,57,,6,2>There's not much dining out within walking distance in the Foster Powell neighborhood, so thank goodness for Coffee Lovers. The food leaves something to be desired beyond the basic morning bagel, but the coffee is good, and there's tons of seating space, reading material and free wi-fi. The coolest thing is that the place serves beer and drinks as well and features weird live music on weekend nights.  So glad we can grab a microbrew and sit outside on warm spring nights in our own neighborhood.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,10/2/2013,395,537,3,5,3>This place is SO. GOOD.They specialize in PB&J sandwiches, but certainly NOT your typical ones. They make all of their nut butters in house, and they combine the sweet and savory in truly unique and unforgettable experiences. Have you ever had duck on a peanut butter and jelly sandwich? Or perhaps jalapeno? Thai shrimp? No? Well, here's your chance!We got the Betty: In house Peanut Butter, Gruyere cheese, Bread & Butter pickles, white pepper & sea salt. This may not sound all that appealing, I mean - pickles and peanut butter? But, TRUST ME, it is delicious. The combination of this sandwich is incredible. The vinegary pickles compliment the sweetness (but not too sweet) of the house made peanut butter. The white pepper is truly unique in this sandwich and is what makes it. The aged cheese and sea salt gives it a nice salty bite. So good.We also got the Oregonian: Marionberry jam, blue cheese & hazelnut butter. We added duck to this. The duck and marionberry jam goes together like, well, peanut butter & jelly. The duck is melt-in-your-mouth, albeit a bit fatty, but tender as Filet Mignon. The sweetness, yet tartness, of the Marionberry and the punch of the blue cheese makes this sandwich over the top.I've been wanting to try the Smoking Goat since then but everytime I come, they're out of it! Commence sadness.They have PLENTY of sandwiches, for the traditionalists and for the adventurous. A sandwich for your 2 year old, and one for the food guru. I really enjoyed this place and am happy to be a customer. The owner served us and she was very, very nice and incredibly knowledgeable and helpful with menu recommendations. She even came over to us after we ate to ask how everything was. I really liked her as a person and am happy to support her business, as it's clear she cares a great deal about it.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/1/2013,30,15,13,14,9>There are certain sacrifices that one makes when they choose to live JUST OUTSIDE a great urban food paradise like Portland. The food in Vancouver, sadly, just doesn't compare with across the river. The Olive Garden was voted best Italian food in Clark County for christ's sake. But we as citizens don't want to give up hope that we can find that place that breaks the Vancouverian mold that sucks the life out of the foodies here. People, I've found that place. Sebastian Carosi - not actually the son of Malibu Sands manager Leon Carosi (I know, I was surprised too!) is more than that nice guy in the casual clothes that thanked us and waved on our way out (though really, nice guy!); he also has created a menu that rivals anything Portland can throw your way. We started our meal with a cheap-ass PBR (there's some Portland for you) combined with an awesome bloody mix - red beer, eat your heart out. Then came the food. Seriously, guys, I can't even. The plate of pickled things - the eggs were tremendous; the carrots were simultaneously deliciously pickled and still maintained their crunch; I even didn't mind the beets, and I usually mind beets a whole lot. The fatback fries - I know Jim Gaffigan has said some mean things about fatback. Let me tell you: they're all lies. Pork belly + fresh cheese + herbs + pure f'n joy and goodness = yum. Then, there's the fried green tomatoes. Better than the movie, but sadly with less Kathy Bates. Still, you're going to wish that they lasted 136 minutes.This place is a little out of the way, which scares me a little bit, since Vancouver has some trouble supporting things that are eclectic and unique. I've been wrong before about Vancouverites (Vancouverians? I don't know!) and I hope I'm wrong this time. This needs to be part of a new wave.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,9/30/2013,637,638,9,14,10>As is true with other things in life, It's all about the Double D's. Y'know? I've been a Double Dragon fan since the jump. With the addition of the bar and table service, I'm just that much more frequent of a visitor. The traditional bahn-mi only mildly tugged on my taste buds. Enter this sauced out beast of a bahn-mi and well, now it's got my attention. I am pleased and not at all regretful to inform you I've tried each and every variety on the menu. My absolute favorite of which would have to go to the puled pork. It's just so damn juicy. Carls Jr. doesn't get much right but they hit the nail on the head when they let the world know " If it doesn't get all over the place, It doesn't belong in your face". Between the juices and sauce, I'm a hot mess every time I leave The D's. The only thing I've had that I disliked has been the Kimchi Jigae. While I love Kimchi, I wish there was more to the dish other then an overwhelming amount of Kimchi taste over rice. Are you one of the people that are snubbing the americanization of the bahn-mi? Hey, I get it. Try something else on the menu. The burger - delish. The rice bowl - hot day-um. Then my personal favorite House Ramen. I wasn't expecting much when I ordered it, just thought I'd try something new - but wow. The ramen is extremely flavorful and the pork belly was cooked perfectly. I know it's hard not to order one of those sandwiches but try something else out next time, it's worth it. I did knock off a star for inconsistency. Sometimes things are just a tad off some the general, stellar , normal. The long and the short of it is Double D can Banh Me, anytime!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2013,9/29/2013,143,335,4,8,6>After months of being in the contemplation stages, I finally took the jump and tried this place. So lovely is the view of the St Johns Bridge and the multitudes of tall green trees overlooking the Willamette River. With just enough view of the gorgeous cliff houses to make you wish you lived that life. But then you remember that you're on a balcony with all of St Johns and Portland at your feet as the oddly muggy day turns sunny, and that beer and tapas will soon be on their way to you. And all is good.The decor and atmosphere inside and out is somewhat underwhelming - not much style, good or bad. But I always hope for something super fabulous when it's tapas. The menu online looks classy.. but in person, they give you a 8x11 piece of folded paper. But the food is where they earn their stars:Steak bites ($6) were good and plentiful. Yummy with a bite (a little too hot for my taste) and a sauce served on a bed of greens. The scallops were wonderful and cooked just right (3 for $10) but served in a cauliflower puree with little to no taste. The garden salad was simply ok. Nothing to write home about - maybe one more ingredient (cukes? peppers? ...) would have made it more memorable. Mango cheesecake was decent. And I would have been happier with a lot more mango sauce.So I give these guys a 5 for the view, a 3.8 for food, a 4.5 for service and a 2 for decor. What I would really like to see is some panache! Do normal folk use this word still? Decorate... do something to make this place somewhere I not only like the food, but would want to go back and enjoy the ambiance as well.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/28/2013,949,916,32,28,31>Dear Salt & Straw,If you sang a song like Robin Thicke, I'd be throwing my panties to you!It's not a secret that I've got a huge crush on you. I'm so glad you've opened a third brick-and-mortar location. (Yay! Congratulations! Will you consider one in Hillsboro or Beaverton? *wishful thinking*) I must confess that I'm SO jealous I have friends that live close to this location! But then again, I would be here every day if that was the case! =XI love the way you look. Your set up and decor of this 3rd location is quite different than the other two sister locations. It's kinda cute!I love the way you smell. The scent of freshly made waffle-cone lingering in the air entices me! I love the way you taste. I can't get enough of that rich, creamy, crazy flavors! (Get the ALMOND BRITTLE & SALTED GANACHE; BALSAMIC STRAWBERRY; WOODBLOCK CHOCOLATE as they are my go-to favorites!)I wish I can have you all to myself. But you have many suitors pursuing you every day. And I don't blame them; for they see the same things that I see ;)You can count on me coming back for more of your addicting ice cream!Your not-so-secret-ice-cream-fan,Kristen M.Yelp 2013 100+ Reviews Challenge (going for 200!) - Review #124
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,9/27/2013,426,1757,7,11,11>What the world needs now, is love, sweet love. And a troubadour.You know what is sad. Reading a glowing review you wrote a few years back then returning to a favorite place to discover it has gone hill. But, I've been a customer of Luis's for several years and I swear it just seems to keep getting better. I just never got around to writing that first review.My first experience was solo to check out this little Woodburn gem prior to hosting a UYE [1] for my Southwest Lunch Crew over three years ago. When I arrived, downtown Woodburn was deserted except for a lone singer who was walking down the middle of the street with his guitar and he started serenading me as I walked towards the restaurant. At that time, the downtown area was in disarray with all the streets torn up as part of the rejuvenation of the historic part of town and this area was really a mess. That all disappeared when I walked in the door.It couldn't have been a more random or lovely introduction to Luis's. It is clearly a local's favorite and although it is busy at lunch, the ordering and delivery is usually pretty swift. Pictures on the wall help with the ordering process at the counter and I enjoy getting an Agua Fresca (flavors vary, but I adore the hibiscus) along with my meal. Food is then delivered to your table where a little condiment caddy with various salsas awaits.At that early visit, there seemed to be one primary dining area, but now they have two large spaces with bright terra cotta colored walls and a sea of pinatas hanging from the ceiling. I've enjoyed all my dishes over the years, but the chimichanga and the sopes with their radish and lime garnish are probably my favorites.Since that initial UYE, I've had several other group lunches here for Yeeps, coworkers, friends and family. Always a crowd pleaser and when you are dining with a group, ordering at the counter is the way to go. No splitting the bill drama at the end of your meal. And no big deal if people are early or late. The atmosphere is cheerful and casual. Good for families or anytime you want a solid meal in this area. There are other taquerias in town, but Luis's has a special place in my heart. On my most recent visit, the troubadour was there once again. I'm a sucker for guy with a guitar... an accordion not so much (Hear that Rheinlander?)[1] Unofficial Yelp Event
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,9/26/2013,320,479,10,16,16>Simply glorious.Sometimes, like mid-July, I think we Portlanders are the luckiest people on earth.  I mean, we have the International Rose Test Garden.  HELLO!   Possibly one of the loveliest spots on planet Earth, also the oldest public rose garden of its kind in the U.S.   What's more, it is totally free to visit.Out of the over 500 varieties of amazing roses of almost every conceivable color, I do have a favorite; the Lagerfeld, a light lavender colored rose that packs a punch in the fragrance department.  Go sniff it out or find your own favorite.Do yourself a favor.  Grab a friend or a lover, pack a picnic and hi-tail it up to the rose garden and enjoy a leisurely afternoon among the lovely flowers.  Trust me.  My friend and I elected to take public transport and left our cars at home. No stress of trying to find a parking space which is at a premium at the park on Sunday - try that if you can.  We also wandered over to the Holocaust Memorial (very sobering) then walked down to Zupan's and back into Portland.What a perfect Sunday.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,9/25/2013,113,92,2,12,10>I have been meaning to try Year of the Fish when I go to the A La Cart pod for quite a while, but the other carts kept calling my name.  So this trip to, I was trying to talk my self into  something relatively healthy, fish is healthy right?The snapper and chowder combo was awesome!  The snapper was perfectly cooked, super moist but still flaky.  I was initially a little disappointed when I saw the crust, it looked hard a heavy for such a delicate piece of fish.  However, at first bite I found the crust to perfectly match the fish.  It was lighter and more flavorful than I expected.  The chowder was tasty,maybe a little under seasoned But I like a little hot sauce in my chowder, so it all worked out well.  When I was selecting my hot sauce from the array of them available, the owner asked what sauce I typically like, I  mentioned Aardvark sauce but didn't see any so I used something else.  He actually found a bottle of Aardvark and brought it out to  my table! The chips are respectable, more English style chips then they are American style fries, they just beg for a little malt vinegar.  Year of  the Fish is definitely becoming the start of the pod in my book.  I look forward to coming back soon.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/24/2013,188,386,2,10,7>OFB West is a great sequel to the old favorite off of Columbia. It's organized and beautiful in that "captains of industry" kind of way, and features lovely photos throughout of people just like you(!) volunteering, packing food, sorting food, and delivering food to our neighbors in Oregon who need it.This was my fourth time rolling up my sleeves with the OFB, and it remains my very favorite organization with which to volunteer. They have a plan in place. They know how to work with groups. They stay on time. They have all of the equipment you need. Someone is in charge, and people are always available to help. And at the end, they do some quick math and show you what impact your two hours of sorting/packing/labeling has had.It is super satisfying, and a great way to get off your ass, in so many ways.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/23/2013,236,543,7,14,10>Expatriate and bar are words commonly found together. And we've encountered our share. They are where you meet up with people from home who have gone native, the embassy staff, the spies, the businessmen, the teachers from the American school, the traders in illicities, professional body workers, the warm hearted but doubting NGO staff. At the expatriate bar, you can count on cold drinks in countries where they are a rarity and ice is potentially fatal, in my experience. Occasionally the expatriate bar stars in a novel, or in a film, like Casablanca.Expatriate here is inspired by those there. But there is no expatriate bar in the world that serves this quality of food.I have been searching for tea leaf salad since I first had it at Nan Yang. Expatriate has taken the dish much further and wisely omitted the Bay Area-style lettuce, and as far as I can tell, the dried shrimp, a difficult ingredient to use well.It's a strongly flavored, small plate, taste and texture composition, showing the Ripe-Beast-Pomeroy style of quality and specifically named varietal ingredients. The Expatriate version is a melange of julienned crunchy green papaya, sweet cherry tomatoes, crispy nuts and peas, sour umbioshi-like vinegar, cilantro, with a peasant hot salty spice, and prepared whole tea leaves from Burma. The cocktails are also seriously well architected by the coprincipal. The aromatic James Joyce; Jameson, dry Curacao, sweet vermouth, and fresh lime, shaken; is a great mix of sour, only a hint of natural sweetness, a bit of fresh fruit pulp and a touch of bitterness. Several of the other drinks include bitters or absynthe. The space is small with about half the seating at the bar and a bar by the windows. The booths and bar are finely constructed of Oregon hardwoods. The back bar itself is framed by a carved Chinese moongate in red and gold tones. The decor is eclectic, exactly what you would expect in an expatriate bar. Some Granta's would fit nicely. Expatriate is a small bar with a small menu, one of the very best executed in Portland. The intensely flavored food is able to go toe to toe with well designed cocktails. Bonus: the food menu is served until midnight.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,10/17/2012,161,578,,14,10>I had viewed several reviews on Yelp about this place.  Many compared it to "In and Out" so I knew I would have to try this place.  As I was discussing this with the YS, the next day I received information on a Living Social coupon for that very place so of course, I had to purchase it.  The burgers were tasty and completely packed with all the ingredients you would want which I really love on a burger.  The fries were good and there were plenty of them and soda which they allow free refills.Tasty food, close to In and Out.  I hear they, too, have a secret menu which I must try on my next visit.  The place is a fifties style diner with a good sized dining room.  The floors are black and white checked and give the feeling of going back in time.  I noticed they also serve beverages in bottles if you so desire.  I would imagine at a different price point. They sell t-shirts for under $20 and when you wear the shirt to the restaurant in the future you receive 10 percent off of your purchase.  Kind of a fun way to advertise and get you to return.This is a true family own business, we were waited on by Rhoda, which is Rachel's mom.  There is a picture of the family near the soda fountain.The hallway near the restrooms is a large photograph of Rachel.  Rachel for those who don't know, was a 10 year who died in a motor vehicle accident.  She loved In and Out burgers and the family put their dream together and opened the restaurant in 2011.What a nice tribute.I'll be back to support this local business.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,10/16/2012,100,167,10,12,11>It started out with some brainstorming...what the hell do you get the man who doesn't really fancy material possessions?  Then later I clicked a link to a review on yelp for this place....a haircut?  Sounds ok....but nothing special....then I kept reading.  They offer free whiskey?  Shoe shines?  Straight razor hot towel shaves!??  This could be the manly spa every man has always dreamed of!!!  I decided this would definitely be the perfect gift for my man (who just happened to be in need of a new haircut!).I drove up to the place after work one day, but instead of going inside I went in Pine state biscuits across the street.  But that's another review.  Ok so, after my momentary distraction by the Reggie, I went inside the Modern Man to inquire about a gift certificate.  The place was pretty empty at the time (noon on a week day), but it reeked of manliness so much that I felt the need to rush quickly up to the counter....maybe this is how a man feels in a lingerie shop.  I explained to the staff that I was in fact not there for myself (well duh, really) but that I needed to purchase a gift card.  They were polite and friendly and explained their services to me so that I could make sure and make the right choice.  Fast forward a week.  He really enjoyed the experience there, so now I am satisfied.  His hair looks really good too.  Maybe I made them a new customer!  Men need pampering too, and it's nice to not have to go to a women's only salon to be taken care of.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,10/15/2012,200,109,7,7,6>Now that I've been here three times, with different groups o' folks, on different days and at different times, I feel justified in giving this little gem the five stars it deserves. This place has all the essentials a good coffee house should and more:Excellent brew: No self-respecting coffee shop should be without fresh, phenomenal drip coffee. They keep two kinds of Stumptown on tap at all times. 'Nuff said. They also offer cold brewed java. COLD BREW COFFEE, you guys! It's like I died and went to coffee heaven.Espresso done right: No burned shots, no scalded milk, no pulled punches. Baristas should know how to make a mocha that doesn't make you want to cry. These do. You want bitter, burned espresso? Go to Starbucks, ya mook.Snackerels: They have more than just snackerels. They have PIE. And pastries. And bagels, and breakfast sandwiches, and so much wonderfulness. They even have whole wheat bagels. Do you have any idea how hard it is to find a coffee shop that sells bagels in Portland, let alone whole wheat bagels? DO YOU?! They have vegan food and non-vegan food and gluten-free food if you're into that kind of thing and OMG did I mention their pies? I tried a piece of the chocolate cream and it was ALMOST as good as my homemade variety. ALMOST. *Ahem.*Service: The people who work here are actually nice. Not scary "hi-welcome-what's-your-name-what-are-you-up-to-­today-please-don't-write-a-bad-review-because-my-­boss-secretly-tazes-me-if-I-don't-smile wide-enough" nice, they are just nice, regular folks. Good, swift, orderly service without any of that asshole Portlander attitude one might expect from a place this hip. It certainly doesn't hurt that there are a few cute queer girls behind the counter. Or maybe they're just hipsters - that's the beauty of Portland.Atmosphere: Comfy couches! Lots of tables of different sizes (covered with groovy art) with plentiful chairs. Cool politically-inspired wall art. Even the event listings covering the plate glass front windows add to the cozy neighborhood cafe feeling.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,10/14/2012,457,356,,15,11>Many Vancouverites have no idea about the gems that lay in their own city.  Fort Vancouver, Officers Row and Pearson Field are all among the oldest of anything in the city and yet most people just don't get here to see it.  That is a shame because for anyone with even a passing interest in aviation would be mesmerized by the Pearson Air Museum.I am all about aviation, have been since my earliest memories and I love everything about it from the past, present and future (except maybe the TSA at the airport) and from the Wright Flyer to the new Boeing 777 and 787.  The collection of aircraft is impressive for a museum of its size and the collection of displays, many having to do with WWII.  There are great interactive displays for the kids from toy planes to play on to landing a wooden plane on an aircraft carrier.  The old hangar that houses the collection is itself interesting.  On the way down to the smaller hangar be sure to stop by the flight center and take a seat at the flight simulators and try flying a Cessna 172 or a Boeing 747 or a F-18 Hornet or any one of a number of planes from a WWII Bomber to Santa's Sleigh.  To top it off there is a wonderful little gift shop, but they don't hit you up for gift shop prices, most everything is very reasonable.  The Pearson Air Museum is also available for rent for private events and charity fundraisers at reasonable rates.  There is just so much to see and do.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/13/2012,43,65,10,10,7>This is the second rebirth of a Portland Icon after the Yaws Family/Mark Lindsay (Of Paul Revere and the Raiders fame) partnership failed a few years ago. I have visited twice now, both times for lunch and have found the two main staples I went to Yaws for, the burger and the roast beef sandwich (With red relish) to be as I remembered and very tasty. This is your parents burger, maybe your grandparents, back when nobody worried about whether your bun was organically grown, gluten free and made by some hippy chick with braided armpit hair and multiple piercings. The beef isn't naturally raised, grass fed, non-GMO, never seen a feedlot and slaughtered by a Sikh after he blessed it and begged for forgiveness from his ancestors. No, this a hunk of ground beef (From wherever) on a soft toasted bun, mayo, tomato, relish and sliced kosher dills, that's the way I like it. The Roast beef is quite tasty, sliced thin and piled high on bread of your choice with the choice red relish or barbecue sauce, again, perfectly done and just the way I like it. The fries are meh......but they were meh back in the day so there ya go! Of course you could pile on some of the gravy they have (which tasted like canned gravy) and you have meh with gravy.As some of the other reviews indicate, the staff here for the most part have that "deer in headlights" look and seem to be running over each other, they are however all pleasant and trying to please the customers, so I give everybody an A for effort and I'm quite sure as they gain experience things will get better. The '50's outfits, soda jerk hats, poodle skirts, wall decorations and general ambiance adds to the retro atmosphere. Old farts like me can come here and remember what it was like to take a date to Yaws for burgers and shakes (Eating in the car of course) then off for an evening of cruising Broadway and maybe ending up at Council Crest for some heavy necking. I look for several local rest homes to have "Yaws nights" where they load up all the geezers in their vans and busses and bring 'em down for the "Boomer Plate" Special.So I'll be back, (not on a bus, at least not for now) several times I'm sure. If things change maybe I'll update my review.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,10/11/2012,400,884,9,11,10>We dropped into this place while window shopping on Mississippi. Some mac & cheese sounded good--it always sounds good. Both of my parents worked when I was a kid and mac & cheese was a staple in my (poor) diet. My mom would buy the Kraft boxes by the case and me and my twin brother became experts at making that stuff eatable. By the time we were 12, we were trying all kinds of things to pep it up--tossed in some tuna, some sliced weenies, some frozen peas, different cheeses, ranch dressing. Anything. Therefore, I was happy to see all of the variations of the classic on Mac!'s menu. They have a lot of different takes on macaroni and cheese, that's for sure.We went with the tuna casserole and a spinach salad to share. I ordered a Ninkasi TD for my cold beverage. My wife went with a bottle of Bubble Up. I was surprised to see they have a full bar at Mac! With the fast food, order at the counter atmosphere, I'm not sure I'd want to sock down a cocktail at this place, but I'm sure there are other folks who would.The dining room looked very clean. My wife and I spotted several lunchboxes that we carried as kids scattered throughout the large collection mounted on the wall. That was nostalgically fun.The salad was large enough to share and looked very fresh. Some sliced beets, cherry toms and blue cheese on the plate. The tuna casserole was pretty good. There wasn't a tremendous amount of tuna and I thought a few minutes under a broiler to get some brown crispiness on top would have made it better. Nevertheless, it was a decent lunch for the price. I'd definitely like to go back and try some of the other things on the menu.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,10/10/2012,196,280,10,13,11>You thirsty? Tabor T serves lots of beer & cocktails. You hungry? Tabor T will feed ya. You have kids? Tabor T don't mind. Well, until 8pm then they gotta go.Remember the time you ordered fish & chips, at the place well-known for their fish & chips, but ended up getting fish the size of a McDonald's chicken nugget & one of them was shaped like George Washington's head & instead of taking a photo & calling all the news stations you could think of, so you could get your 15 seconds of fame, you decided to eat all the mini fish along with its chips & later that evening you succumbed to food poisoning? Tabor T wasn't that place nor will it ever be.The beer-battered fish & chips here are an incredible site to see. My photo doesn't give it justice. The haddock went from my elbow to my fingertips. Yes, I sized it up with my arm because it was ridiculously the largest plate of fish & chips I had ever been served. Not only was this an incredible site but it had incredible taste, texture & aroma. I prefer tarter sauce over their aioli dipping sauce but eh, no need to dock a star for that. The fries were, ugh, so good but get them out from underneath the haddock. They'll soak up the fish batter juices & end up being a soggy mess if you don't. The mac & cheese on the other hand wasn't as great as the fish & chips. An extra side with the entree may have helped make the dinner worth $13. Skyway Bar & Grill in Zigzag has by far the best mac & cheese followed by Leroy's Familiar Vittles & Mac! Mac & Cheesery! If you enjoy heavy, thick amounts of melted Gouda smothered in noodles then this may be more fitting for you. The kale, grilled corn & crumbled pretzel topping was a pleasant addition though.Appetizers range from $4-$9 with choices of fried chickpeas to white bean & rosemary dip to cured trout. Pub fare such as sandwiches & burgers range from $8-$12 & the main dishes are $13 & $14. There are gluten-free options, too. New Deal Distillery & Makers Mark make up most of the cocktails for $8 & the beer is at $4.50 a pint.There's plenty of street parking & a private lot. If seating inside is full or it's too loud for your liking then grab a seat in their outside seating area. Happy Hour is from 4-6pm Mon-Fri. Eat, drink & be merry. Tabor T will thank you.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,10/9/2012,111,30,17,13,14>Me before Morgan:At my desk: "Ah so this is where I left this huge pile of I don't give a crap!"Annoying coworker: "I love to travel"Me: "That's great, I'd love it if you left!"My boss: "Don't forget who you work for!"Me:  "... yes ma'am!  Oh and the next time you get pregnant and give birth - can I have one of the puppies?"I stumbled onto Morgan quite by accident.  How do you accidentally go to a hypnotherapist?  Great question!After about 5 months of being more miserable with a TERRIBLE boss at a job leading in 4 - 90 degree (right) angles, I was willing to try just about anything to cope.  It was either get some sort of help or develop a drinking problem (develop?  Who are we kidding, at that point I was pretty much there).  Upon yet another night of staying up late drinking too much wine, being a heinous wildebeest to my fiancée and typing up my TPS reports (did you get the memo?) all to get up for a 6:00 am meeting with Europe, I was at my wit's end.  That very next day, wouldn't you know it - Living Social had the most peculiar deal for some hypnotherapist.  I figured, what the Hell so I bought one.It took me several weeks before I actually set up the appointment but I've never been happier that I did.Now I'm not going to go off about how hypnotherapy is amazing and can change your life and blah, blah, blah, yackety, schmackety.  You can read all about it on his website.  Did it help me?  Yes, yes it did.  Do I think it had something to do with Morgan?  Absolutely.Morgan is the kind of person who immediately makes you feel comfortable, heard and like you and your problems matter.  He is the least judgmental person I've ever met especially in the field of mental healthcare.  Aside from talking with you initially to get to the real root of what you're looking to achieve, Morgan will teach you techniques that can potentially save your sanity... and your liver.It's not a magic pill, it's not an overnight transformation, like anything else - you have to do your own work.   I can say this - Morgan makes it easy to believe in yourself enough to make it happen if you're really looking for a change.  And aside from clucking like a chicken every time I see a silver Subaru or my new propensity to yodel, life has been amazing.... I KEEED!  I'm happier, I'm healthier, I'm at a new job with amazing people and am pleased to whole heartedly say - thanks for your part in that, Morgan.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/8/2012,90,145,2,45,25>Seriously.. this place is a gem.  I am so glad we happened upon Sweet Lemon.  Not only is the food so incredibly delicious, the service is beyond fantastic.  The owners are the sweetest and friendliest couple and they take the time and effort to remember your name.  You'll read it over and over in these reviews... the food is so good, vegan and cheap.  And the service is unbeatable.   But I have a little extra I want to add.. I searched and searched for a good, cost-friendly, vegan cake for my wedding reception.. I tried out many vegan bakeries.. dismayed at the rudeness of each place... the lack of desire to have my business... the cakes were small and pricey... you'd think they'd be begging for my business.  But... Sweet Lemon came through..  They were surprised I wanted one of their dessert cakes for my wedding but were very willing to help me out.  They let us sit and eat slices to choose which flavor we wanted and gave us tea to cleanse the palate.. I was sold on the Black Forest cake (scrumptious!!) and bought it 3 weeks in advance... It was ready for us right when they opened on the day of my reception. And today... I went in for some lunch. They asked me how the cake turned out.  I mean... I've only been a few times and they treat me like a regular.  They are so nice here... I will favor this place and recommend all my friends try it out.  I really like their curry wrap, curry rice, the pho looks delicious. I like the way they make their soy protein.  The servings are perfect... like I'm not sickly full after but feel good and fed.  I love this place.  Please check it out.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,10/7/2012,107,287,21,7,7>Screw you for being open down the street from where I work. I hate that your timing on food/eat is perfect if I happened to miss my buss.I think it's disgusting that your burgers are tasty.Your counter people sicken me because they're all so nice.You're jerks for having delicious beers in cans.And I can't believe that I now have to decide whether I want the burger at LBB or the Nob. It's a difficult choice and I'm wishy-washy enough all ready.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,7/13/2010,59,47,15,10,6>My first pair of shoes from Fit Right certainly did not fit right.  However, this was of no fault of the Fit Right staff.  Let me explain.  I'm certainly not built like a runner.  I might be a little bit hot by Botticelli standards when done up and in proper undergarments.  However, in workout clothing and an industrial strength sports bra, I look like a linebacker.  As a result I'm self conscious about running in front of "real" runners because I'm neither graceful, nor quick.  Imagine Godzilla...with boobs.  At any rate, Saturday was crazy busy.  However, the store was well staffed, so we didn't have to wait for anyone to help us.  They did the gait analysis and the whole time I was running I was thinking, "Don't run like Godzilla.  Don't run like Godzilla."  As a result, I think the gait analysis was fixed.  So I left with my shoes, and three days and two runs later returned, declaring, "These are the Devil's shoes!"  I confessed my Godzilla fears to the clerk and he insisted I just run "normally" (like Godzilla).  He was quite patient with me and I finally settled on a pair of Brooks, to replace my stolen Brooks, which is what prompted this trip to shoe store in the first place.  Jury is still out, but I'm confident I'd be able to return and declare that this pair Devil's shoes as well, and yet another clerk would patiently try to fit me with the perfect pair of shoes.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,7/12/2010,61,115,11,11,11>Oh Bye and Bye, you have yet to disappoint me. I am madly in love with every part of you. I love you for your tasty drinks, I love you for your amazing food, I love you for your fantastic taste in music, I love you for your friendly bartenders, I love you for your candlelit ambiance, I love you for your awesome outdoor seating but most importantly, I love you for you and all you represent. I love you!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,7/11/2010,55,144,11,11,8>Do you have the same problem that I do? Your boyfriend NEVER wants dessert? And after a night of bar-hopping around Portland, all you want is a pink cocktail and some combination of chocolate and strawberries? And all he wants is a PBR and some combination of cheese and ham? And you're just past the point of polite-tipsy and both insisting you get your way?I knew I wasn't the only one.Enter Le Happy. It's a little yellow building under the Fremont Bridge, and it will solve all your problems. You're welcome. (PS, that pink cocktail is called the Here Kitty, and it's got ginger in it, and it's delicious.)
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,7/9/2010,184,343,5,17,6>This is a rare specimen: a food cart open for brunch on weekends. It's true! Thankfully they have very tasty food. I wouldn't eat a wolf or a bear, but the food here is mostly of the falafel variety. My sandwich was called "Out to Lunch" and was falafel with peppers, onions, cheese, and other goodness. The darn thing stuffed me for hours and was $7. The lemonade with mint was a nice addition to my meal.So, the plan for weekends should be: (fun), Potato Champion or Whiffies, sleep, Wolf and Bear's for recovery?
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,7/8/2010,135,161,7,11,11>Finding a place to get bunch in SE is not hard. Throw a rock in any direction and you'll hit a place that serves an average pancake, egg, or waffle concoction. But Sanborn's is something else. Sanborn's is the BOMB. They've got a multitude of pancakes for you to choose from including the German pancake! Topped with tons and tons of fruit. Don't see something you want on the regular menu? Ask for the specials. One of which is the BAMcake. I do not eat bacon, but my boyfriend does and I don't think he could imagine a better way to eat a pancake than with bacon incorporated into a big fluffy pancake along warm apples and real maple syrup. I've enjoyed the breakfast burrito myself! I like that you get to choose your own fillings. Served with zesty black beans, it is a hearty way to start the day. On another visit I enjoyed a lemon waffle with fresh raspberries (that were in season! and so juicy and sweet) with a raspberry syrup. It was gone nearly as soon as it was set in front of me though; that's how good it was. If I could change one thing about Sanborn's though, it would be that those fresh and deliciously addictive buttermilk biscuits came complimentary, like the buttermilk scones at Zell's. This is my only gripe. Because they're outstanding and I can think of very few things I like better than one of those biscuits slathered up with some of their fresh homemade strawberry jam. The boyfriend and I have never encountered a wait for seating, nor have we ever suffered from an under-filled coffee cup. The people here are just the icing on the brunch-y cake. On top of being affordable (check is usually never more than $25 for two people), this place is a gem!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2009,7/7/2010,240,523,14,12,13>IT is as awesome as it can get. Passing by and you get handed out with more than you can eat sample. Thanks to my lady-woman Kari for sharing it with me. One bite and I'm sold with the chicken.With my frame, I need two bodies to eat one order. Then Matt M. comes into scene to close the box. And scene. Box is empty. Salad. Two dumplings. White/brown rice. LOTS of chicken. What more can you ask for? Oh yes. Probably a garbage can.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2009,7/6/2010,265,215,14,8,7>I've only been once. It was crowded.It was raining.I was sick.I ordered a Pepsi (weird, right?) and  a giant salty bowl of vegan broth with tofu, veggies and noodles, and then dumped all the fun extras in--jalepenos, basil, bean sprouts, and whatever else was on that little plate. I ate and ate and ate and ate. And when I was ready to go, I had a ginormous container of left-over pho. As I said on Twitter, it was pho good. Then I corrected my mis-pronounced pun, and retweeted: It was so pho-king good.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,7/5/2010,376,599,21,22,23>The space that houses the Ella Street Social Club used to be a mortuary complete with a corpse elevator to the right of where the bar is situated. That means the big round booth where the Yeeps have ended up sitting has been the final display setting for dearly departed loved ones.If your Six Feet Under radar just pinged, then you are a fan like I am and we should hang out. We can eat BBQ skewers while sitting on the grass slope next to the bar and talk about the futility of most actions, especially any action taking place at Mazatlan across the street. We can order stiff, cheap drinks (except that almost-Kamikaze concoction made by the otherwise really cool bartender started out at $5 and then crept up to $5.75 - just no) and toast to all the cool things that make life worth living. And we can play pool, hang out, and dance around to the music stylings courtesy of the bartender's iPod. I don't know what it is, but I love it when the people behind the register use their iPods. Plus, their tastes run similar to mine, if the Smiths/Cure/Joy Division mix I heard is any indication. Yes, hypothetical new friend, our salad days at Ella Street will be great memories, especially if we self-destruct in true Alan Ball fashion. This could involve a brain aneurysm, a panther attack, disgruntled former employee with firearms, or plain and simple age. So even if the room is hot and the staff won't put up with your Smiths obsession for a song longer, it's more enjoyable than a wooden box any day.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2009,7/4/2010,121,1306,23,16,15>Let me get this straight: I can get three legit tacos (two pastor and one asada), complete with hot sauce and guac, and pick up two pan dulces on my way out of the shop for $4.20?No way.No. Freaking. Way.Seriously? $1 tacos?You have to be kidding.Really? $1?With guac?And it's not from a fast food place?Incredible.I had to wait, but it's worth it. It's the standard double tortilla goodness, full of perfectly spiced, perfectly cooked meat. It spills off the tortilla, I promise. A heap of cilantro and onion bury it. Get the hot sauce. It's creamier than most I've seen in town, but it's definitely got a kick. It's not just fancy ketchup. Slather it in avocado like your life depended on it. Oh wait, OF COURSE there was a catch. Why-oh-why do you have to be housed in the back of a small shop in St. Johns? You make me want to sit at that stupid light at Interstate and Lombard for nine-years after work just so I can make my way to your store front that's a whole 4.3 miles away. Those $1 tacos are just that good.Moving to PDX has gotten me spoiled, and fast. I used to commute 50 miles a day to and from work. You'd think 4.3 miles wouldn't be a big deal. Nevertheless, it is, especially when I have the equally as good (maybe slightly less superior) King Burrito, which is only 1.2 miles away. Do you see my dilemma? It's currently working out to be 14 cents per mile to get anywhere. Therefore, to get slightly better tacos, it'll cost me 60 cents versus 17. That means three tacos at TSC will cost me $3.60. Three at KB will cost me $3.92. So basically, I've resorted to the fact that if I want tacos I'll go to Tienda, if I want a burrito I'll go to King since the prices are comparable for those and I don't have to ask to have rice and beans taken out.Did I just do math to justify Mexican food? Jesus, I need to lay off the tax prep for a while.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,7/3/2010,118,219,11,9,8>After a failed attempt to eat at Yuzu the first time around without reservations, I learned my lesson. A friend of mine  (lets call him Ramen Master) was coming into town and I wanted to take him here. Granted, after picking him up from PDX, we were not going to arrive at Yuzu until after 11pm (they close at midnight), but I called to make reservations JUST IN CASE. I'm glad I did because with only two other customers inside the restaurant, it looked like they were aiming to close early.I had the kakuni ramen. The broth was very flavorful and surprisingly light, perfect for a late dinner. The Ramen Master had the soba noodles with tempura flakes. The broth was very simple, nothing fancy, yet very refreshing. It would be a perfect substitution for chicken noodle soup if you're not feeling well. I personally enjoyed my ramen and would definitely be coming back. But, most importantly, it was Ramen Master tested, Ramen Master approved. 4 stars!So hypothetically speaking, if I were to move to the area for lets say a rigorous 3 year Doctor of Pharmacy program and stuck here for the next 2 years with no time for a part-time job, I would love to be a regular at Yuzu. Unfortunately, my funds do not allow me to do so. Furthermore, I am taking applications for a temporary sugar daddy (hypothetically speaking, of course). Please message me for qualifications and more details. =)
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,11/8/2009,457,356,7,10,6>On more than one occasion I have found myself in the Camas/Washougal area (don't ask why) and in need of a good hardware store.  Locals all say "Lutz", for a while I thought they were just figure skating fans celebrating the 1962 World Figure Skating Championships when Donald Jackson landed the first triple lutz.  Turns out no one knew who Donald Jackson was and they were, in fact, telling me about a hardware store.Lutz Hardware is in downtown Camas, has convenient parking, an excellent selection of everything I need (again, don't ask) and even a friendly store cat who likes to get pets.  The people who work in this store must be on some serious mood elevators because they are all friendly, upbeat, happy to drop whatever mundane task they are performing and make sure you get what you need.  Lets see a big box store do that!You had me at, "Can I help you?"
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,11/7/2009,61,77,12,13,14>i had been having a pretty crummy week, it was my first day off in six days and you know murphy's law? everything that could go wrong does go wrong? yeah it was like that.so it was my first day off and it was wonderfully sunny and warm and i had a very productive morning sorting out the mess of the week before. in this sorting out, i found myself in bunk's 'hood, so i thought to myself "self, you've heard a lot of buzz about this place, and you're hungry, you should go there" and so i did.there wasn't much of a line (previous adventures here were a no-go, once due to the length of the line vs. my stomach collapsing into itself, and the other time it was closed). the counter girl was super friendly and explained some of the sando details to me. i took my order to go, along with a minty-lemony iced tea and ate it on a park bench in ladd's additon.my sandwich? cubano: pork belly, ham, swiss cheese and  pickles.let's just call it belly-to-belly resuscitation...
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,11/6/2009,107,111,29,17,15>Somewhere deep inside a hollowed out Cascadian volcano, evil mastermind Dr. Regal Cinema and his evil henchmen hold Portland area moviegoers captive, forcing them to watch hours of pre-movie infotainment...MOVIEGOER: Do you expect me to talk?DR REGAL: No, Mr. Moviegoer. I expect you to sit quietly while we tell you about some crappy new show on TNT, the Coke products we're selling for $4 an ounce, and Fandango, the online service that allows you to pay even more for your already ridiculously priced tickets.MG: Nnnnnnooooooooo!!Meanwhile, Dr Regal's right hand man, Fox the Tower, returns from his latest mission...FOX TOWER: Dr Regal, you'll be pleased to know that Operation Hoity-Toity is complete. Now those elitist foreign film connoisseurs will be forced to watch their fancy films at a single cinema. Not only will they be subjected to the same bullshit as everyone else ... they'll have to WAIT IN LINE for the pleasure!DR: Excellent! Nothing's going to stop us now! Certainly not those independent theaters, with their shabby seats, blurry screens, and urine soaked carpets. And not the theater pubs either, which only show second run movies, so people have to resist watching them first in our theaters. Soon, the world will be mine, ALL MINE!DR (+ henchmen): AH ha ha ha ha! Ah ha ha ha ha!MG: Who will save us? Who?!!Enter our dashing young hero, Roseway Theater!ROSEWAY: Not so fast, Dr Regal!HENCHMEN: Roseway!DR: Ha ha ha ha ha! You're too late, Roseway! You independent theaters are a thing of the past. Nobody can compete with us. Nobody!RW: You're wrong, Dr Regal. We've got a beautiful interior, comfy chairs, and so much leg room you don't even have to bend your knees to sit down.DR: Impossible! RW: And our picture and sound quality rivals any of your best theaters!DR: Outrageous!RW: And we don't show any ads. Only trailers.DR: You still can't win! With all those amenities, your ticket prices must be through the roof! RW: Wrong again! Our tickets are SEVEN DOLLARS ($9 for 3D shows), and they can be purchased online ... at no extra charge!DR (+ henchmen): *GASP!*DR: You've won this time, Roseway. But I'll be back. I'll be back!RW: Come, proud moviegoer! I'll show you the way! The Roseway! *wink*
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2009,11/5/2009,108,280,10,10,12>The grocery store itself is slightly more expensive that Fubonn, but has a wider and more neatly organized selection.  Plus they dedicate an entire aisle to snacks, which is really all I go to the asian market for.  Alas, I didn't feel that it was dingy enough for me.  Asian markets are supposed to be cheap and sometimes a little gross...it's just the way things are.  Unless you're HMart and have an insane selection to make up for the lack of mom and popness.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2009,11/4/2009,69,72,7,15,13>We have two visiting grandkids, ages 2 and 3, and the older one wanted donuts. I had wanted to go to Acme Donuts for quite a while because it's close by, so today I went. Unfortunately, I discovered when I arrived that they are closed on Mondays. Fortunately, the nice gentleman in the doorway saw that I was craving donuts, possibly by the drool on my chin. He said, "Would you like some day-old donuts? We're not open, but I can give them to you since I'm here."I wound up taking home a box of day-old donuts, gratis. The man who was at the door, when I told him the donuts were mostly for my granddaughter who wasn't feeling well, filled an entire box with an assortment of what he said were the most "kid-friendly" donuts. I've gotta tell you, those day-old donuts were worth four stars, and opening the door on a day when the store was closed and giving me the donuts free was worth five stars. I guess I can't give nine stars, so I'll stop at five. I'll re-evaluate when I find out how good the donuts are when they're fresh and paid for, not day-old and free.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2009,11/3/2009,110,167,14,19,14>Let me take you back to February. The GF and I were celebrating on 1 year mark. I was looking for somewhere new, not too fancy but romantic to take her out to dinner. Where do you think I turned to for help? That's right. My yeeps!Iorio damn near jumped out of the yelp pages, so I called and made reservations. The head chef answered (it wasn't during normal business hours), and said no problem. He also asked if we had any food allergies, because he could make something special that night to fulfill our needs. Talk about customer service!  Later that night I got a call to confirm the reservations and this person again asked about food allergies.Fast forward to our anniversary and we head to Iorio. There is a sign outside that said "Best Calamari in Portland". If you're gonna make a bold statement like that you KNOW I'm gonna call you on it. We ordered the calamari. They lied. It's not the best calamari in Portland. Its the best calamari in EVERYWHERE! (I know. Good Engrish, right?) With that said... I didn't like the dipping sauces. I wish I would have had some good'ole cocktail sauce, but I didn't ask if they had any. I didn't want to make a big deal out of anything this night, so I just ate it plain.The rest of dinner was great. A liiiiittle on the pricey side, but its good food and they give you enough to make you full. The drinks were good. Not strong, but well made.For desert you MUST get the warm cookies and milk. They are the perfect chocolate chip cookies. They have the crispy edges and gooey center. Your grandma WISHES she had these cookie skills.This place has been voted most romantic restaurant in Portland on a few other sites. There is no doubt that they deserve this title.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2009,11/2/2009,194,499,4,9,6>Sometimes we need to just decompress. We need to let the air out between our ears, like a balloon too full of air, and the South Store Café is there to accommodate. Wander past the farms or the wineries and happen upon this turn of the century building, which was how we found it.Unlike many restaurants in our area, it's not money, it's not proper reservations or dress needed to have this lovely experience.It is time and a desire to slow down, relax and savor something beyond the food, yet great food starts you on this soothing  journey in this café  .You enter through a door off a wood wrap around porch into a large room of tables and chairs that don't match, but do, to a bar on one side with baked goods displayed. To the back, there is the chalkboard menu of what is fresh. Next to it, a cold case displaying glass bottled sodas made with cane sugar and old flavors. To the right of that, a wood stove is burning. On the walls, local art and photography are framed. When we were there, groups of friends were gathered at old round dining tables enjoying conversation and food--isn't that as it should be?Enjoy a cup of coffee, a handmade shake, a cup of tea or a soft drink made the way they once were made.Enjoy the fresh baked goods, sandwiches made fresh with carefully chosen ingredients. Have soup that you can tell was started as the staff began their day that morning. Enjoy this and have a conversation. Enjoy the laid back vibe. And decompress. Make the time, you deserve it.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,11/1/2009,184,343,5,7,8>The promise of frozen custard led me to go to Tart. Or should I say, the girlfriend did, but the custard was the main focus of our trip to Division Street.I've had frozen custard, being from the midwest and all. This isn't like the stuff I'm used to, but it's still good for what it is. Plus they have a Clover coffeemaker- a cup of custard and some Stumptown is a good way to end your day and get ready for the weekend.Last time I went there, I had some of their chocolate cookies- they were very good because of the addition of salt on them. You'd think salt on a cookie would be bad news, but I have news for you. And it is that these cookies are a good addition to the custard. Therefore, we have ourselves a Trinity of Tart Goodness here: custard, coffee, and cookies.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2008,10/31/2009,45,71,4,8,6>Ok i agree with everyone else that has written a review but I do have a tip for you all:  when you go to the cart bring your own LARGE Tupperware container, the kind that that stores cookies and such....  They will fill that puppy up instead of using their own plastics.  This is also helpful to those of us that out of the pure goodness of the lunch special attempt to eat it in one sitting and then are in pain for the rest of the day....so yes go visit!  They are nice, the food is great and you cannot beat the price!
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2009,10/30/2009,188,386,9,23,16>If you've done a decent amount of volunteering in your life, you'll know how disheartening it can sometimes be. Often, you get to the place on time, bright-eyed, bushy-tailed, ready to give it your all, only to wind up confused and irritated at the disorganized mess of what they call an organization, wondering if you even helped at all, and bewildered at how the heck anyone ever gets anything done. ?!?!?!.The Oregon Food Bank beautifully bucks that trend. They feature professional facilities and a competent and trust-instilling volunteer coordinator who tells you right away what everyone will be doing, keeps things moving smoothly, and wraps up at the end by telling you exactly what you've all accomplished.They offer tours that tell you who you're helping, why it matters and how it works, and they split up work in a way that allows people of all ages and abilities to participate.For me, helping out here (for the first time, yesterday) has undone years of encrusted volunteer wariness and has reminding this body of how fun it can be to do good things.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,12/7/2012,130,164,11,14,15>Have you seen my hair? My mom claims some sort of credit for it, but I know deep down it was my Dad that gave me the strawberry blonde color and Camille picks up the slack when I abuse it (like home bang trims, neglecting real trims for 8+ months.Camille is the master of beachy waves. My hair is naturally wavy, and she cuts layers perfectly. No wedding layer cake look, just well-integrated layers. I can go natural and  let it air dry, or get fancy with the flatiron - and it looks great either way. I haven't used her for color because I am pretending the ultra light blonde hairs at my temples are just that. Camille and I talked about putting in some foils when things start to get really grey, I think her quote was reasonable, but I've never dyed my hair before so I'm just trusting her. Which you should as well!She's seriously the nicest, least pretentious stylist I've had in ages. While I may have wobbly bits here and there on my bod, I can always trust that Camille has done her best to make my Rapunzel locks look pristine. I get stopped on the street. No lie.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,12/6/2012,132,271,12,9,10>This is what you do: 1 You bring unassuming out town guests, make them drink lots of liquid beforehand so you can be assured that they will need to use the bathroom.  I'm sure you have lots of things to catch up on, so chit chat until they need to use the bathroom.  2. Sit at one of those funky tables, the ones that continuously rotate slowly and see if they notice.3. Have a chai or two, this will help to achieve #1.  They have the best chai ever!!4. Smile as they talk about their bathroom experience.:)
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,12/5/2012,248,813,15,14,13>I honestly intended to try just 1-2 products and write my review, but I've quickly learned that I have zero willpower when it comes to sexy-looking baked goods and pastries. So it should be no surprise that I went in here with a happy wallet and walked out with a bunch of sugar -- on more than one occasion.I started with some coffee from Courier Coffee Roasters ($1.50 to $2.25). It tastes more like a lighter roast with an exotic twist. I'm honestly more of a straightforward, bold, dark-roast fan, but this was fine.Dovetail's signature pecan sticky bun ($3.75) was the unanimous winner. A ton of gooey awesomeness. Hell yes to the stickiness. Pecans on top also added wonderful texture contrasts. Not surprisingly, I wanted to eat several more of these. Screw the food coma. Screw any diet or detox. This is one of those "5/5 panda-approved" pastries to roll around in. Finger-lickin' awesome.The cinnamon bun ($3.50) has some good size to it. I've been a cinnaholic for years, so it should be no surprise that I went to town here. The vanilla glaze on top uses organic powdered sugar and Mexican 4-fold vanilla, bringing out intense vanilla flavors.I really enjoyed the blueberry muffin ($2.95). A bunch of fresh blueberries from Stahlbush Island Farms blotched most of the muffin like it was an art canvas.If you like a more savory baked good, check out the Apple Rosemary scone ($2.75). You'll get a hint of fresh rosemary in every bite, and the diced organic Gala apples Morgan uses keeps consistent with her goal of fresh, clean flavors. This scone was one of my personal favorites.The Almond Chocolate Cup muffin ($2.95) has slivered almonds and semisweet chocolate chips on top. I admittedly wasn't ready for the burst of almond extract. Still real good.A moist slice of banana bread at Dovetail ($2.50) has such a balanced feel. It's not too sweet, and the chopped walnuts add a great texture contrast.The cookies here all got a bit of size to them! I'm basically dancing over choosing the Salty Sweet Trail Mix Cookies ($2.35). Picture a kickass oatmeal cookie, then add some more dried fruit, chocolate chips, and nuts to the party.The blueberries in the Lemon Blueberry Scone ($2.75) create fruity pockets on the exterior. But it's the refreshing, addicting glaze on top that makes it a winner. I love blueberries, don't get me wrong, but I'd want an exclusive party with the lemon glaze.There are other baked goods in the rotation, and damn, I didn't even get to the savory portion of the menu (which includes soups, sandwiches, and biscuits and gravy).NE Alberta continues to show me it possesses a Murderers' Row of awesome eateries. Morgan and her staff were extremely friendly. I could camp out in Dovetail, eat everything in sight, and become a fluffy panda overnight.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,12/4/2012,104,65,21,7,7>For the zero people that follow me or know me on this piece.....let me carry on as if you do. As if you're one of many legions of loyal followers. As I've made mention of before, allegiant, unwavering readers, the perma-man friend and I moved out to the outer reaches of Portland. Sometimes, if there's a strong breeze blowing from downtown, we get a whiff of cool wafting off the hipsters fixie bikes downtown. *Sigh*I really wanted sushi a few nights ago, but I wasn't really up to take the 10 day journey via mule to civilized country just to get delicious pseudo-politically incorrect fish morsels. Lo and behold, Red Beard (my man friend), informs me that there's a place close by. Now I just think he's messing with me....and that we're going to end up at some gas station eating pre-packaged tuna fish sandwiches while some unwashed locals brawl via dueling banjos. We drive from our house, down Powell Movement to Holgate and nearly drive by a mini-mall with a dirt parking lot. Now I just think Red Beard has taken me here to shank me and dispose of my body where it would go unfound for, possibly years. But nay, we walk through doors into a universe where Cracker Barrel's down-home Japanese cousin with an affinity for Opium Den decor wants to pour you a cold beer and feed you inexpensive tidbits whilst an electric train does laps on a track around your head. Gorging your face on cheap eats isn't fulfilling? Well, take a breather and oogle all the cool shit festooned all over this dark little cavern that "boasts" no window views of anything (anything....windows? where?)....although it's probably for the best, because you don't want to see what is outside of those windows....and frankly, the owners of Takahashi probably don't want the Powellhurst tweaker zombies to recognize that there's life inside and insight a riot. We want to enjoy our meals, after all, and forget about what's just outside. So, anyway- -I've eaten here twice now and both times the wait staff was awesome, the screaming children factor was to a minimum, and then the check comes and it's comedically inexpensive for sushi that I'm not kicking out of bed.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/3/2012,240,523,7,13,12>How would you like to spend a stressful day after work? A drink? A bucket of fried food with good company? But what if you're tired of that scene? What if you just want to be left alone? What if you want to just walk along a park? A clean one.This park may not be of a gargantuan in size but it is well maintained. Clean and the lawn is manicured almost twice a week. Thanks to the Hillsboro Parks and Rec, they have done a good job of keeping this little park clutter free. This is no Jamison Square by any means. We have nearby establishments if you get hungry and you don't have to dodge land mines( dog poop) as everyone is mindful of their little crawlers. Kids could be a burden when you're jogging on the paved path but kids are kids. It's their playground. Weekends and sunny summer days are busy so park within the designated spots. This is also a good place to hold a party. The park has a well built gazebo that you all can gather around.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/2/2012,171,91,7,8,7>Love the Happy Hour drinks!!!!Great place to meet up for drinks with friends for a little shenanigans in the Pearl.  The two drinks I recently tried were delicious.  I had the sweet allure which was like a Thai coffee with a kicker is a must try. Also the Wicked Gimlet made with gin was so refreshing yet strong. OH good times i actually had 3 cocktails i couldn't get enough.  I had the Pomegranate Gin Ricky as well... all the cocktails were Delicious.Oh and the only food I tried so far here at Jinx was the GRASSHOPPER, yes grasshopper. It was good I must say. I also got a girlfriend to try it as well... crispy and salty.Love the vibe of Jinx.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/1/2012,301,344,3,10,11>My friends saw a movie and we planned on meeting up when they were done.  They were all craving chinese around the area.  I asked around briefly then my best friend suggested this place.  It crossed my mind as well so off we went and got seated in the big table for our group.  Yes it looks like nothing on the outside, but on the inside once you walk in the back there is a decent size dining room space.  When I come here, I usually order off the white board since they always have a variety of specials that rotate occcasionally depending on the season. The pumpkin dish looked appealing so I got that with chicken instead of shrimp.  I thought it would be a pumpkin sauce but I was surely wrong when my plate arrived.  Beautiful square cuts of pumpkin and chicken with just the right amount of vegetables gazed upon me.  The lemongrass chicken was fragrant and not overpowering. One of my friends also ordered the sizzling pepper beef platter which arrived last.  It was a masterpiece with plentiful cuts of beef and the sounds of snap crackle pop filled the air.  Naturally we sampled the dishes family style.  My pumpkin dish haflway gone by the time I got around to having some.  We all ate well and had plenty of smiles.  The server graciously gave us separate checks without even asking to save time and hassle.  By  the time we were done most of the restaurant was filled with customers and this was a Sunday evening!  A lot of to go order were taking place in the lobby so it's great to see this hidden gem is still going strong!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,11/30/2012,75,83,3,8,8>A resounding five stars for Tastebud's pizza! We first became acquainted at the Hillsdale and PSU farmer's markets. My friend would regularly invite me to one or the other on weekend mornings. I'm not a real veggie connoisseur; she'd be loaded down with bags of produce, while I would return with nothing but a belly full of pizza and a desire to go back the following weekend to try the next slice. The markets close during the winter months, so I was thrilled to learn that Tastebud had opened a brick and mortar shop on my side of the river.My guy and I stopped in for the Sunday night All You Can Eat Pizza (and salad), when we had the opportunity to sample six different pies. All were amazing, hot out of the wood fired oven, just the right amount of crisp on the crust, and prepared with fresh ingredients. Toppings were inventive, and surprisingly, every artful combination meshed well. My favorite had delicata and butternut squash, mascarpone and browned butter. I'd happily eat this pizza three meals a day. Another included housemade sausage, kale, tomato and mozzarella. There was also one topped with peaches (excellent!), and another with a lemony ricotta base.I was not there for salad, but the two big platters of greens were gorgeous and appeared to popular, even side by side with pizza perfection. The building was difficult to find-- even though we had the address and were familiar with the area--mostly due to dim exterior lighting. Don't give up if you have to circle the block! We finally parked and located it on foot (kitty-corner across Milwaukie from the Aladdin Theater). Seating is indoor/outdoor and very pleasant, with a bubbling fountain on the patio. Compared to typical pizza out, it was a bit on the spendy side at $19 per person. But honestly, they could charge me twice as much and I'd still leave with a smile.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2012,11/29/2012,152,351,6,6,6>Dr. Milfred is a perfectionist -- which I happen to think is a good thing in a dentist. We are slowly (due to my limited dental insurance) making our way through fixing some old, bad dental work (different dentist obvs), and a few new things that have cropped up in the meantime. When we're done I'm confident my chompers will be like superheroes.I like the support staff too, friendly and competent. My hygienist is so gentle and kind, and manages to admonish me about flossing without coming across as patronizing. I actually want to floss so I won't disappoint her!Convenient downtown location, though dangerously close to the temptations of Saint Cupcake.[Yelp 30 Challenge: 7/30]
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,11/28/2012,402,355,7,13,11>Vintage shopping in California (where I come from) will cost you an arm, leg, and probably some kidneys. Vintage shopping in Portland is pain free and actually really enjoyable. We needed a couch for our new apartment and knew with our budget the best bet was a vintage couch. I had no idea what an amazing deal we would get. For under $300 we got a couch, a chest of drawers (with 9 drawers), and delivery. That's less than what we expected to pay for just the couch.The owner was super nice and let us wander around the store several times before we made a definite decision. And he even had everything delivered to us the next day.They also keep their Facebook page up to date so you always know what new items they get in. The only problem with following them is that I want to buy just about everything I see. At least since they have such great prices I won't feel so guilty picking up awesome vintage pieces from time to time.
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,8/13/2010,426,1757,17,19,21>"I've spent the last twenty years living like a sailor on shore leave." Roger Sterling, Mad MenDear Roger (for those of you that are missing out on one of the best shows on television) is a rapacious glutton. He goes through cocktails, meals, cigarettes and ladies like, well, a sailor who knows that the party is just about to end. It is a vicarious thrill to watch, but I just can't go there anymore.I, on the other hand, am the soul of discretion. The master of moderation. I have boundaries and my stomach has limits. So while everyone raves about the famous Reggie Deluxe (biscuits with fried chicken, bacon, cheese and gravy), it has always been easy for me to bypass that particular gut bomb in favor of the simple pleasures of the biscuits with shitake mushroom gravy. I'm not a morning person, but I like waiting in line even less than waking up early. And circling the block for half an hour looking for parking? No thank you. The restaurant is incredibly small with only three tables and a few stools. So a couple times when I've been up at the crack of dawn anyway, I've decided to make the drive to Belmont and be one of their first customers when they open their doors at 7:00a. It is worth it. In addition to the biscuits and gravy, I've sampled the grits which are seasoned with different flavors depending on the season. I've had grits at other places and found them exceptionally bland and boring. When I eat them at PSB, I get why people love them. The only thing I've ordered that I didn't enjoy were the fried green tomatoes.Whether you share Roger's appetites or are just in the mood for some simple comfort food, PSB has got it covered. However, if you are going to get frustrated by the lines, the parking, lack of seating and the wait for something special, do yourself a favor and drink one less martini the night before and try being an early bird. Roger would never approve.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,8/12/2010,258,331,11,14,10>My God, where did this food come from?  And where has this bread pudding been all my life?  After decades of ordering pale, soggy, runny, lackluster bread pudding cubes.....to finally find gold is a delight on it's own, never mind the main meal.....But I digress.  Branch Whiskey Bar is a real find in the NE quadrant.  Tonight I had the neighborhood special: a green salad, baked rigatoni and glass of wine.  All were exceptional and all total...was $12.00. My dining companion has a VERY DISCERNING PALATE (wink) and for the first time since I met him, he said he got goosebumps from his meal: duck confit hash.  A duck confit meal for only $13.00!Now back to the baked rigatoni.  Imagine the best mac-n-cheese you've ever had - creamy, smooth, sharp.  Now add fall veggies like roasted yellow zucchini and squash, add a chewy crispy parmesan cheese topping and broil in a ramekin.  Rich beyond belief.Back to the bread pudding: soft on the inside, caramelized and crispy on the outside with a ribbon of chocolate running through it....and just enough bourbon sauce to balance it out.Nothing's perfect: the ice cream served with the fantastic dessert was not homemade, better to leave it off.  The salad was dressed a little too much and a little too peppery, and had croutons (?) instead of a few cranberries or nuts, but it was quickly forgotten once the main course arrived.  Now to address the concerns of other reviewers...Too many kids for ya?  Stop eating dinner at 4:30 pm like an old person.  That should take care of that. The TV?  It's muted, unobtrusive and we actually enjoyed watching the end of a baseball game.  Don't like that TV?  Park yourself along the other side of the bar.  Done.Don't like the name?  Uhh.....who cares?Service, Cleanliness, Professionalism....it's all there. Our experience was *easily* five stars.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,8/11/2010,66,161,9,12,11>Stumptown, in Vancouver? I didn't even think that was possible. Oh but it is possible thanks to this little shop. Thank you River Maiden for giving me a tasty latte fix at a good price and friendly service in the suburbs. No more do I need to drive across the river to get away from the crappy coffee that is Starbucks. I came here on a Sunday with a Vancouver yelper [beware of the awkward parking lot] where we were sadly told they were going to be closing soon because of shorter hours on a Sunday. Makes sense though, at least they are open seven days a week. We were served our lattes in awesome stamped paper cups and found a small table in the first room. Surprisingly it was busy in the other room where you can find a few couches and some other tables. We finished our cups before they closed but others who hadn't were able to sit outside at the couple of tables on the sidewalk. At least it was a nice enough day and the staff let them still use the tables and wi-fi. In other news, apparently you can run into people that you went to high school with. Go figure considering not too many people in Washougal ever leave Washougal or really know what good coffee is. I was proud of her but still amazed that I leave a small town for a small coffee shop only to run into someone I haven't seen since she graduated. Yay mini-high school reunion?
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,8/10/2010,5,27,4,9,8>Ho-ly Crap.Finally, some Indian food that is ACTUALLY good.  It's about freaking time, Portland.This little gem popped up on Sandy not too long ago, and I'm SO happy that my roommates and I stumbled upon it.I've been in search for the real deal in the realm of Indian food since I moved here, and no one has really delivered....that is until I dined here.The paneer was amazing, and everything else was so delicious.  The naan was really fresh, and the papadums=heaven.The fish pakora was surprisingly delightful.The only thing that I wasnt wild about was their selection of chutneys/raitas, but when you've got some pakora, fresh naan and amazing dishes, who need a good raita?Their kheer & mango ice cream were good.  And the thing that bumps this to 5 stars:  all you can eat Gulab jamun.  GULAB JAMUN.Food porn at its finest.All of you jokers who think that India house and Swagat are legit, take heed when I say : you're paying for over priced mediocre food. Namaste is where its at.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,8/9/2010,104,97,8,5,5>Just let me say I didn't want to like this place. That's right, like a thirteen year old chooses either team werewolf or team vampire even before they see the movie. I too was on another team ( I thought), Team Apizza Scholls.Even "my guy" Bourdain agreed with me that its the best restaurant in Portland.  i will have to give him a call.Well dang I was disarmed by the smells wafting through the air as we walked up. And them its cute feel softens me a little more. But "Yes we have a table right away" aw that was not fair. OK I'm yours, do what you will to me.The Pizza Gods were with me again. Saturday night (7/3) 8:30, we walk in and have a choice between outdoor or dinning room seating. Its been raining and grey since last year already, and the sun is out so al fresco it is.Caesar salad -Very GoodSpring onion(white pizza) pizza - Crispy from tip to crust.Lamb sausage Pizza -  Spicy goodness & crispy crust.We are blessed here in Portland to have 2 places that serve ( and strive to) perfect Pizzas, that are very different. So I'm a Vampwolf watch out.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,8/8/2010,64,120,8,17,12>Mt. Scott does me right. I don't mean in a carnal way. For my workout needs, it has what I want with a minimum of fuss.I usually go here 5 times a week to work it out. IT. OUT. The workout room has 8 or so treadmills, 6 elliptical trainers, stairsteppers, stationary bikes (recumbent and, you know...normal), a dozen or so nautilus-style machines, free weights, bench press, leg press, etc. You get a whole range of people coming here so it is not like there's some kind of scene going on. Come as you are. Saturdays, I play badminton in the gymnasium. I am The Eradicator of badminton. Well, my mind has that impression that I am. My game may beg to differ. But it won't unless it wants a SMACK. (Hear that, game? Thought so)  Anyway, there are two courts lined for badminton and an unlined practice court between them. The lighting is good, which is important. Like the workout room, players of all abilities come and get they bird on. This beat is democratic.The pool looks amazing and is quite popular. It could be for the latter reason that I have never used it. It is invariably packed with kids and parents. I'm not big on swimming so I give it a miss. You can see that it is practically an indoor waterpark, though.The staff is great. I dropped my wallet in the workout room once and they called me about it not long afterward. Everything was tickety boo; nothing was missing. They are also very helpful at the counter, especially when it comes to renewing memberships or answering questions. There are rooms that can be rented for parties, weddings, etc. You can even rent the pool and the full-size skating rink in the basement. I don't know how many times I've come to pump iron that there has been a wedding reception going on. I feel bad they have to see me in my workout clothes but it's not the Hilton. I try to avoid flinging sweat on them on the way out. Try.The only thing that keep me from giving 5 stars is that the priority seems to be on the swimming pool. It is as though whatever the pool wants, the pool gets, at the expense of other areas. I can understand this in that the pool is the big draw for the facility. It seems like some more of the funds could go to the workout equipment, however. All of the ellipitical trainers (which is my preferred cardio) have issues and when they full on break, it can be weeks before they get fixed. They also are just old to begin with. All of the treadmills were replaced in the last upgrade but not a single new elliptical. I'm holding out hope that the next go round will see these get a refresh. Another minor item is that I wish there were a way to segregate pool usage from the workout room. I know the lion's share of my annual pass goes to the pool, and yet I never use it. It's a minor gripe, however, as it still only costs about $45 a month for my wife and I to go as often as we want.I've been to other community centers in Portland, and while some are newer or fancier, the convenience and ease of use at Mt. Scott keeps me signing back up. A true community center.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2009,8/7/2010,38,82,8,15,9>I've gotta rescue Lemongrass from the 1-star bashfest.First, everyone now knows this place is a CASH ONLY.  Second, everyone now knows that this place has ONE cook, the woman who owns the house.  This isn't fast food.Third, everyone now knows when the server (husband of the woman who owns the house) says spicy, he means it.  You may discount at least three of the single-star reviews.I've been to Lemongrass about six or seven times.  It's my old faithful for the best curry in Portland.  The recipes come straight from the family cookbook, which exists only in the mind of the woman who owns this house.  I've never had an issue with service, because I know what to expect.Khun Pic's Bahn Thai, the Thai restaurant on Belmont and 34th, is run by the sister and brother-in-law of the lady at Lemongrass.  If you like KPBT, you'll like Lemongrass.  Both restaurants are run out of old remodeled Victorian homes by the same family.  It's really a competition between sisters.   The powerhouse dishes at Lemongrass are the curry selections and the soups.  The curry isn't too thick, isn't too runny, and has gobs of bubbling flavor.  Fairly impossible to disappoint.  The Tom Yum with prawns is superb, second in flavor only to KPBT.  I hate to say it, but the noodle dishes really pale in comparison to the quality of the curry.  That's not to say they are bad, quite the opposite, they are tasty.  If you're only in the mood for noodles, and not a curry fan, there's other places I'd try (KPBT does slightly better on this front).I believe Lemongrass offers a whole fish, which I haven't had the opportunity to partake, but looks fantastic.    As a final note, be sure NOT to order your dishes with zero spice - always go minimum of mild.  Otherwise, she will remove fresh spices and peppers that create so much of the flavor which makes the curry great.    With having a better idea of what to expect when you dine here, go enjoy with an open mind.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2009,8/6/2010,42,52,16,7,10>This is arguably the best bridge that leads directly into my neighborhood. Of course, some people claim to be scared to drive across it. But what are they scared of? Dying? Ha. I have news for all you scared people. You are definitely going to die at some point. Why not on a bridge? Is it better to die in a bed?Maybe it is. Maybe a bridge is a terrible place to die. But I don't think so. I think it's an awesome place to die as places to die go. Four stars for that. And one star to show up all those trembling travelers who write reviews on Yelp about the best bridge into Sellwood ever. There isn't a better one.Who wants one of those gleaming safe bridges anyway? They got no character! I say if it isn't rickety and haunted, don't cross it.And lastly, I think other reviewers of this bridge who gave it two stars should be banned from using it. We don't want scardey cats on our bridge. No sir!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,8/5/2010,258,205,12,5,8>Grant Park is a really beautiful park. Large, lush, green, and filled with a ton of things for everyone in the family to do. That includes some of my favorite nighttime creepster activities such as:1. Walking around (while intoxicated / inebriated on legal / illegal substances) and being completely freaked out by the Ramona statues.2. Biking really really really fast around the track and convincing yourself that yes, you are a good, fast bicyclist no matter how many times those dudes (read: douches) on bikes roll up right in front of you at the stop light because they think you're a slow chick.3. Star watching (*signal chorus of 'aww's*).4. Star watching and making out.5. Star watching and making babies.6. Doing and/or selling drugs. (Not saying that I've done it myself....ahem!)7. Rolling around in the grass. Naked. By yourself. With drugs. And then star watching. Creepy.8. Sneaking into the pool! Naked! And not by yourself! And making babies!9. Uhh...running out of things...playing basketball in the dark on the Nike court??? Nudity optional.10. Doing whatever in the world you wanna do! Because I have never seen cops here late at night. Misfits and creepsters of the world unite at this glorious green space.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,8/4/2010,148,236,13,16,15>It's funny how people's opinions diverge so greatly based on expectations.  When I see Bluehour, I think swanky.  By association, swanky means a bit spendy.  I figure that these two words pretty much sum up most of the businesses in the Pearl District, and if I go, then I know what to expect.  Bluehour came in right within those expectations for me.I hosted a strategic planning session recently in Bluehour's back room (aka L'Heure Bleu) for my Board of Directors.  These people know their swanky, and they aren't easily fooled.  We did lunch, drinks and dinner, and we were in the room for almost 7 hours.  The staff made the experience really pleasant, and the food was excellent.  Was it expensive?  Yep.  We paid north of $2,500 for the experience.  Was it worth it?  Another yep.  I'd recommend them to anyone who is looking for a high-end dining venue.  Remember, people... cheap happy hours are a "loss leader".  There's no such thing as a free lunch... especially when it's this swanky.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2009,4/22/2009,104,175,23,24,17>2 girls, 1 mission.Picture it: two ladies getting intimate with a giant platter of freshly made tortilla chips flanked by bowls of salsa and guacamole. I'm already blushing.Now, close your eyes and imagine the chips are salty and hot, the salsa spicy and sweet, and the guacamole decadently creamy and flavorful. I think a bead of sweat just rolled down my face.Although pricier than the average Mexican place I visit in Portland, I dare say it was worth it. My enfrijoladas were extremely tasty and arrived without dairy as I requested. A note to the vegans: there are maybe 2-3 options here. I wanted to try the squash enchiladas but was informed when we were seated that they were out of them. No matter! The guacamole alone is worth a trip here. My omnivore dining partner noted that the crema sauce here is especially fabulous. The more you know!We thoroughly enjoyed our meal, as well as the two enormous margaritas. Strong pour. Strong enough to convince me to drunkenly leave my number for the bearded waiter. What can I say? I'm weak!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,4/20/2009,241,429,17,17,15>When I started hearing about Bon Appetit I was interested.  Gyros?  Downtown?  Right downtown on Fourth, between Alder and... Wait a tick.I'VE EATEN THERE!!!I honestly didn't know what the place was called.  And I keep forgetting.  It's a little, unassuming store front that seems to be staffed by high school kids (probably not, but I'm getting old and they look really young).  But whoever cooks the food knows their stuff.  These are some damn good gyros.  It's more than a Greek joint, but but why go past the gyro?  Really.  It's that good.It's very small.  I don't know who's voting good for groups, but it's small small small.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,4/19/2009,434,336,13,24,21>Going to Simpatica is akin to going to a concert. There is the din of the crowd while we await the performer(s) to appear. The chef steps out, taps a wine glass to to quiet the room, then announces the courses for the evening. I don't know when I've seem as much enthusiasm and passion for food as I've seen from the chefs at Simpatica. They take great pride and care to ensure that every dish they prepare is the very freshest, and best that they can make. This means that each night the menu changes, but the brunches stay the same. With all of that being said, I have yet to experience that explosive foodgasmic moment that people speak of so frequently when Simpatica comes up. It's not that I haven't enjoyed a good deal of the food I have had. I have. Maybe I've expected too much from the rave reviews. I don't know, maybe I expect to start speaking in tongues and writhing about. Maybe I'm too critical. I've been to 5 dinners, and around the same number of brunches. Most recently for the fish & chip night. It was very good. The celery root soup was smooth and creamy, with a delicate balance of flavors. No complaints. The warm sun choke salad was certainly fresh, but the sun chokes were a little underdone for my taste. The fish and chips were very good with a light crunchy batter. The lemon tart had a delicious piquant flavor, but the crust was too tough. Everyone in our party had a hard time eating the tart with a fork alone. I have similar experiences each visit. I hope that none of this would dissuade anyone from trying this supper club. It's hard to top a 4-5 course meal for $30-$40. The service has been very nice. On my last visit the seating had changed from the single long table, to separate tables. There has always been a separate table for 8, but the new configuration is kind of nice if you aren't in the mood to socialize with everyone. It has been interesting to visit with other patrons, and talk about the food you're all eating. Very much a group experience and discussion. Each week I look forward to the email that Ben sends out, and I'm sure I will be back again to see what the chefs have up their sleeve on my next visit.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2008,4/18/2009,40,12,11,11,10>Yo esse, Javier's is a Cali style mexican taco shop.  It is a well tested and well loved formula and you need to judge it by its adherence to the formula, which consists of:-fly-specked menu with lots of handwritten signs with specials in misspelled spanglish (chile verde burrito, arros and frijole- $5.95)-Rolled tacos with guacamole, a LOT of guacamole-plastic booths in various stages of filth.  Well pawed through Spanish language weeklies on several.-Skanky graffiti filled bathroom-Carne asada burritos with more meat than rice, lots of fat and gristle-Open late, if not 24hrs. for late night gangbangers, drunks and me.-Vegetarian?  You mean like, carne asada with cilantro?  You want vegetarian you're barking up the wrong ethnic tree my friend, no hay pinches vegatarianos en Mexico hombre, asi es, es un pais muy, pero MUY macho.  Comprende?  Knocking a taco shop for having too much meat is like knocking Cafe Vita for having too much saitan.-Awesomely delicious!-Actual latinos speaking actual Spanish eating there, yes, right there  in the booth next to you!  Holy crap, who knew?Javiers meets or exceeds these standards, and it does it even though it is far from its native homeland.  This is not cuisine, it is a taco shop, and integral to the survival of our species!  Well, at least me.Let me tell you, I miss 3 things about So. Cal: 1 the beach 2 proximity to Mexico 3 taco shops.  Javier's satisfies my frequent urgent need for number 3, and it' much cheaper than a plane ticket.
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,4/17/2009,140,143,6,9,8>Like the French, i love ze Sauce. As others attest, -Oh, Yum!  Ghandi's Does ze Sauce.  No naked white rice here. The Chef de Cuisine doles out meaty scoops dripping with ample flavor.  I made FIVE meals from one lunch.  I Cherry Picked the Shrimp, and sampled eaach side - that was enuf - and just right for a hang-over lunch.  Take care to put the steamy leftovers in a reuseable plastic bag to catch the drippage!  Next AM as I lounged in bed,  I instructed my oh-so-cooperative date to pull some chicken and veggies out of that dish to Stuff my Omelette. Ooh-LA! Shwarma-in-Bed.Next day I stir-fried a couple of handfuls of other stuff from my fridge (salsa, bok choy, added some more rice, then piled in all the remaining oozy left -overs) for a totally yummy lunch. There's enough of THAT left for two to share.  Don't try to do it all at once.A happy Thanks to all you Yelpers who wrote.There are cheaper options on the simple Menu, and still generous.   I was very happy to drop $7.25 for the Chef's Super Special, with heapin scoops of saucy Chicken Vindaloo, shrimp in a creamy tumeric Sauce, and 2 divine veggie dishes, including a wonderful Eggplant in Sauce, and  a hot & spicy Zuchinni/Tomato dish, all Served over rice.Worth a wait in line, this will be great for summer Take Out for Concert Events at Pioneer Square - and anytime on the Waterfront.  Double bag it for take home on MAX, a Streetcar or  Bus after a nice Waterfront walk.  Transit Lines all converge conveniently near this great grub, and all are free downtown and north east to the Rose Garden, Convention Center and Lloyd Center stations, so maybe you won't even need to buy a Ticket.  Unsure if this is accessible for people on wheels, as it is a very old building modified for multiple small businesses. Another Take-out cafe shares the space.  A few can get seating in the entry area, and there is additional seating upstairs.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2008,4/16/2009,126,2155,34,20,22>I hate big sunglasses but I've got to say that whoever came up with that fad was brilliant. They figured out a way for every girl to look gorgeous and they did it by covering up 2/3 of their faces. Meaning, unless something is horribly wrong with their lips or chin they're probably going to look quite attractive. How could they not? Their faces are covered! Luckily, I've never had the infamous, "chew your arm off the next morning" kind of bar evening but I could see the potential for someone to wind up in that situation inside Colosso. Not that the clientele is unattractive mind you, you'd just never know who you picked up until sunrise. It's dark in there. Ridiculously dark. Ultra dark. And for what reason? Are we developing film? Are we trying to get birds to sleep for the night? Is there a simulated meteor shower projected onto the ceiling?It just doesn't make sense how dark it is and when people in your party (and staff members, I'm told) begin running directly into tables, that may be a cue to turn the dimmer up a bit. Thank god for the solitary 10-watt bulb in the bathroom or you might never find the toilet.Word is that Colosso attracts the goth crowd. I would have guessed. Lucky for them, their pasty white computer room skin probably acts as a beacon within the dark space, making travel around the establishment somewhat well lit. Kind of like carrying a torch of sorts through a dark castle. And goth people are psyched on torches, dark castles, Dungeons and Dragons and 19 sided dice. Probably not on big glasses though, or $9 drinks.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,4/14/2009,187,281,17,20,20>Nearly 3 years in Portland and I'd never been to Huber's - what's up with that? Tonight we were wandering around downtown, getting a might peckish, and Ronda suggested Huber's. I wasn't quite hitting on all of my cylinders and drew a blank on things I should have remembered reading about. Things like year-round turkey (which did come to me when I saw the menu) and famous Spanish coffee (which didn't come to me until I witnessed the flamboyant creation of a couple at the next table). Alas, by the time I remembered the Spanish coffee cred, I was already sipping a (Louis Martini) Cab. Next time I'll try the signiture flaming drink.The Cab was delightful. My spinach salad the same. Bacon & Parmesan mushrooms & some sweet bits that I don't remember the identity of. It worked. I ordered (and loved) the turkey leg dinner. Definite 5 star leg and dressing. The gravy, potatoes and vegetables more like 4, but overall the meal was 5 worthy. Ronda had a garden salad (looked quite nice) and steamed Manila clams. I tried one of the clams and it was fresh and tender with excellent flavor.I love the old-school ambiance. Our server was fine. One negative for me was the dour-faced hostess who looked straight out of The Addams Family. She certainly seemed to be having no fun and I had to avoid looking at her to keep from a similar funk. So subtract a star for Morticia, but add it back for the plethora of brass coat & hat hooks lining the walls! As a hat & coat kind of guy, I really appreciate these.I'm glad I finally found the oldest bar & restaurant in Portland.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2009,4/13/2009,376,599,40,25,31>New career idea: I will wrestle people while wearing neon colors in a Slip 'N Slide lubed up with a three-part power mix of garlic Sriracha, pesto mayo, and rosemary truffle-oil ketchup. My name will be the Poutine Queen, which sounds a lot dirtier than it is but will lure the unwashed masses to the lot where my inevitable sponsor, Potato Champion, waits. It will be huge. It will keep me safe in these daunting economic times. Never underestimate the appeal of anything drenched in rosemary truffle-oil ketchup.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,4/12/2009,38,82,15,16,11>When I saw Don B. take his first bite, the explosion of meat juice, guac and salsa left a glorious grin on his face. But one bite wasn't enough.  He ripped off his jacket, shrugged his shirt sleeves up, and raised his burrito above his head.  With a visceral, blood curdling scream, he tore into his golden prize.    You see, every taqueria I've been to in Portland serves burritos with beans and loads of other useless garbage.  You have to get all specific to get them to take it out, and generally your order gets screwed up.  I like So-Cal style burritos.  Carne asada, salsa, guac wrapped in a tortilla.  That's it!So I saw on the menu, "No beans is $0.50 extra".  I'm thinking, wtf?  That just doesn't make sense.  It's too easy.  It's a trick!  I've attempted a so-cal burrito so many times, at so many taquerias, it's impossible to have it presented before me legitimately.  I knew that if I ordered it without beans, they would put lettuce in it, or put CHEESE in it (who the hell eats carne asada burritos with cheese?).  ;-)So, back to the explosion.This is the real deal.  It's So-Cal.  It's the King.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,4/11/2009,126,304,18,16,16>This is the answer to all hungry tummies after a stroll down Hawthorne browsing and possibly fighting with other vintage clothes shoppers.A tiny shack that anywhere else besides Portland might seem questionable, but here it just means good pizza. My then date now bf ordered himself 2 slices (I wasn't hungry). One pepperoni & one fancy veggie looking one. We sat on the damp picnic tables outside.I tried a bite & I couldn't stop. We looked at each other & he began eating his slice in hand faster than I had ever seen him eat because he was scared I'd snatch it right out of his hand (he already knew me too well). It was thin and crispy with chewy crust. Yum!For my bf's hunger's sake, I will never be stupid enough to think I'm not hungry ever again.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,1/21/2014,265,215,11,16,12>I'm kind of shocked I haven't written a review about Laurelhurst before. I've been coming here for years; it's by far my favorite theater in Portland. The movies are now $4, which is still a crazy good deal. They show a variety of recently released and classic (and cult) favorites--I've seen Beetlejuice, Die Hard and The Conversation here, among a myriad of other newer movies. Beer, wine and cider are available at affordable prices, and if you don't want to drink the good stuff, they carry Cherry Coke. I don't usually drink soda, but a Cherry Coke (maaaaaaaybe with some bourbon mixed in) is always a treat. I've saved the best for last--the popcorn toppings. They are spectacular. NUTRITIONAL YEAST, garlic powder, red pepper flakes, oregano.. you can season your popcorn just like you would at home, if you ate popcorn all the time at home, like I do. I usually bring my own container of yeast + seasonings when I go to the movies, but at Laurelhurst, they kindly provide it for me. And you. And everyone we know.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/20/2014,202,297,14,13,8>Someone stole my idea...Take the Bailey's Taproom concept and just put it in the burbs! Insta-money!Orenco Taphouse is an important step in de-chaining Hillsboro and expanding the surbanite horizon with 20 rotating taps of craft beer. OT has a live menu of their beers that provide the color, IBU, ABV, and keg level of the beer. Although this was invented like 6 years ago, Orenco Taphouse is 1st in HIllsboro with this beer tech...so like NBC reruns of Friends, "It's new to us!"There are lots of TVs to watch sportsball, but no sound for any game. You can bring your own food. I suggest going to Ochoa's for the best avocado salsa, tacos, and chips to enjoy with your craft beer. Combine the best of HIllsboro (Mexican food) with our first beer bar for a  Hillsborosplosion (TM)! I would like to see them add a decent bottle selection.Beers run about $5 for a 16oz glass. However, beers with higher ABV's (8% and up) get you a 10 oz  pour. Boo! Just Boo! High ABV beers are being discriminated against! I cannot stand for this inequality. Equal rights for all beers! OK, we finally got a good beer bar in the burbs, but the parking is all f*cked up like city parking. What in God's name of  over-thinking-out-of-the-box-when-designing-a-­neighborhood were they thinking? I have to circle a block of apartments and parallel park? Orenco Taphouse  is the best place in Hillsboro for your craft brew fix. Oh, and new rule...If you walk into Orenco Taphouse with your intel badge showing, you gotta buy everyone a round!
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,1/19/2014,148,708,8,17,14>When our recently vegetarian  11 year old kid says " can we go to get my favorite smoked turkey?" She specifically means here. We have been coming in for several months now and we like this little outpost of protein in our neighborhood. The people are nice,totally helpful, and  they have products that are in line with our values around local, sustainable, etc. Most importantly everything tastes yummy. We've tried:Smoked salmonSmoked turkeyCanadian baconRegular and peppered baconBbq babyback smoked ribs ( spicy and smoky yum)Pulled porkPork shoulder roastChicken sausages- portabello or cheddarTwice baked potatoes ( with bacon on top)Pork stew meat ( they cut a roast for me)They have lots of choices of beef cuts, usually poultry, occasionally salmon. There are often several  already prepped (bbq sauced,  marinated or stuffed) items you can take home to pop in oven or on the grill yourself. They have buns, sauces, eggs, and dog food. I saw a cop come in for a beef jerky snack one day. The jerky looks great. It's a little more expensive, sure. My family will typically eat meatless meals several nights a week from our csa, so it's worth it to us to spend a bit on the meals where we do have meat. Its better for our health and for the earth. And its nice to feel good about what you feed your family. One of the psychiatrists I work with told me his wife got him a sandwich here and " it was the best turkey sandwich I've ever eaten." They make sandwiches to go on weekdays  around lunchtime only and bbq on weekends and its been so awesome and people have responded so well that they're opening a little cafe next door. They plan to serve breakfast. Yes !This is a great place. Support it. You won't be sorry.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,1/18/2014,107,149,6,9,8>This is the long standing coffee house in the middle of Sellwood. And when the weather is palatable, a great walk from many of the nearby neighborhoods.This place has a great reputation for high quality roasting and brewing and as usual dd not disappoint.We brought our hard copy NY times and it was nice enough to lounge outside using one of 2 outside tables they have available whilst waiting on a bit of breakfast.Although a limited menu ...their quiche Lorraine( warmed but good) and their bagel " espresso " scrambled eggs on the side were tasty enough and reasonably priced.The latte was "yum" rated and I will say their custom drink for me( multi shots of espresso over ice with a shot of non fat) had a smooth yet strong front end and very little bitterness.Now the waitstaff / barista have been vilified in other reviews? Not as bad as you hear, could be bubblier but they are efficient in that cool elitist hipster I could give a rats a$$ kind of way...but knowledgable  and helpful enough.Decent interior seating and there is a restroom...albeit with a lock that did not operate:)...our Sunday strolls will include a ugly mug stop in the future.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,1/17/2014,201,579,6,8,9>I guess the first thing that comes to mind when you walk into Bonfire is DARK. It's quite dark in there but it was a decent atmosphere with a DJ spinning a random mix of funk, dance and old style r&b. I was in there fairly early so there wasn't any sort of crowd. A few couples in another room and a scattering of folks in the room with the DJ. I sat down at the bar and there was a couple at the far end and two people near where I sat down. They have a rotating list of beers of which I had a decent dark beer (local, of course) and various food specials were listed. A special cheesesteak and some interesting ice cream flavors (chocolate stout ice cream...) The bartender was very friendly and made me feel welcome. I ordered the Bonfire burger with cheddar, grilled onions and a chipotle relish, with fries. I was also given a homemade habanero sauce that I doused my fries in. For me, it wasn't hot but I did enjoy the flavor. As for the burger? It was pretty good, but it needed something else. I added mustard to it and it helped, but the onions and relish kind of blended together and I couldn't really distinguish one from the other. The meat was cooked exactly the way it needed to be.They have a good menu, very eclectic and I will make my way back, heck it's only a few blocks away from me. I want to try some chocolate stout ice cream.Enjoy.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/16/2014,164,111,4,8,9>Great ecclectic coffee shop in NE Portland.I love quirky coffee shops and this is one of them. Not the quirkiest, but quirky enough. Located in a former pharmacy, the old neon Rexall sign still sits above the facade.In addition to quality espresso drinks, which includes a special banana flavored coffee (of course), they also serve a variety of sandwiches and pastries (gluten free options available...of course).The atmosphere includes retro 1970s lighting, bar seating, couches, a few tables and local art for sale. All in all, its my favorite coffee shop in Alberta when I want to grab a cup of Joe and catch up on work or get lost in a book.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,1/15/2014,82,337,3,7,5>When my best friend is in town, we go on food adventures and she doesn't judge me when I take pictures of food because she does it too!  I sent her a list of places that I had bookmarked and have been meaning to try.  She decided on Little Bird, it's a sister restaurant of Le Pigeon, yet menu items are at a more affordable price.We arrived to the restaurant around 12:15pm, about 45 minutes after it had opened for lunch.  Lucky for us, there wasn't a wait and got seated immediately.  I was checking in on yelp and the waiter wanted me to comment on my review about his new haircut, it was nice--there you go. We were put at a table very close to another party with only a low partition between us...it was slight awkward when you are trying to catch up with your friend and overhearing someone else's personal conversation or them talking about a subject you had just brought up.  It's a very intimate setting!  However, I love the style of the restaurant, not the typical French Bistro but had a downtown loft look.  The food!  My friend chose to do the Prix Fixe menu, three dishes for $25 which included the daily special which was a duck heart ragu with arugula.  I opted for the bone marrow and the goat cheese gnocchi with the braised oxtail.  That way, we could try a little of everything.  I don't liked french onion soup--nope, never have.  Today, Little Bird changed my mind.  In general, I am not a big fan of onion but I found it delectable in the soup and the broth was rich with flavor.  I love bone marrow, when my mom makes Pho with beef bones and try to discard it after the soup is finished...I am standing over the sink fishing out of the bone the deliciousness that is the marrow.  The way it was prepared at the restaurant had a beautiful texture and just luscious.  The squid ink bread and pickled peppers mellow out the richness.  The gnocchi is a must try because the creaminess of the goat cheese complimented the braised oxtail meat and potato dumplings perfectly.  Dessert fell flat for us, we chose the macarons to-go.  So disappointed, it was petite chocolate-mint flavored macarons and not too impressive.  We were jealous of the dessert we saw our neighbors eating and wished we picked that.  Le Petit Oiseau, you earned your spot at the top of my list of favorite restaurants for the moment.  I must make another visit to see what you have to offer on your dinner menu, but it might be difficult to stray from that succulent gnocchi.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,1/14/2014,78,198,9,18,12>I am often disappointed by Thai Food lately-lackluster flavor, miniscule portions or not-so-fresh ingredients. Both times I picked up lunch at Bai Mint were everything I could ask for in Thai food-or any food. Good sized portions, depth of flavor (as long as you get it a bit spicy-what is up with people saying the food has no flavor when they got mild? Where do you think the flavor comes from?) The chicken pad thai is delicious-big strips of tender chicken I cut up before I eat it, the nice gluttonous blob that is my favorite type of pad thai, where the spices have already soaked into the noodles, and every bite filled my mouth with a welcome fire from the chilies, and a nice zing from the lime and spices. The Tom Yum soup with shrimp was the closest I've found to my favorite, though I could have taken chunks of tomato rather than cherry tomatoes. Nice sized shrimp that tasted very fresh, with a perfect blend of mingled spices that tasted like they were slow-cooked with love. This is a great recipe and far superior to most places I have tried.Edit: Knocking them down a star-Iceberg doesn't belong in my salad rolls. Many dishes are not available spicy (made ahead maybe-how hard is it to add some dried chili when reheating even) and their peanut sauce is very bland.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,1/13/2014,101,508,1,14,10>Let me start by saying that our server last night was excellent! (Blond gal). She was quick to take our orders, quick to get out our food and quick to fill our waters. She was totally willing to take some photos for us and allowed us happy hour items after happy hour had ended. What she said was that management allowed happy hour customers to order additional items at happy hour prices, if they had been there during the happy hour time frame. That's not to say that you can show up after happy hour and get the reduced prices...but we'd already ordered quite a few food items and drinks and I wanted "Just one more"  food item, since I hadn't ordered enough prior. That was a really big deal to me and will definite get my business back! The sliders are adequate in size and looked delicious (my friend ordered those). I got the blue cheese and walnut salad - which was decent sized as well....but should have know that "rabbit food" would not be filling enough for me. We also shared a cheese plate, but it wasn't very big and I could have easily eaten that myself - considering it had a red wine soaked goat cheese and 2 other amazing sharp cheeses. I also ordered a "Juice mojito" from the happy hour menu. Our server wasn't sure what the juice-of-the-day was and went to check. Upon coming back, she said the bartender would really like to try out a muddled blackberry one on me and asked if that sounded good. Oh yeah!! Blackberry's are my favorite! I was thrilled to get that on special and can say that I will never want a regular mojito again, if I can help it. As for the location, it's right downtown OC, where parking is free on the street after 5 pm M-F. That's $2-$3 cheaper for us than if we went downtown (where you have to pay until $1.50/hr until 7 pm). The restaurant itself has been remodeled and is really, really nice inside. Not that we cared so much - since it was gorgeous outside and we wanted to be in the sun. The restaurant was full and we were the only ones willing to brave the heat, but the rains will be here soon enough, so we needed to take full advantage. I am just so happy that downtown Oregon City has been rejuvenated! One could come down after work and bounce to 3 or 4 really great spots over the course of an evening. Nebbiolo being a not-to-miss location.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2013,1/12/2014,10,87,1,11,4>Big *ss falafel sandwiches! Only $5.50! They're pretty good too. Their signature tahini dipping sauce lends itself well, and the olive tapenade and za'atar with fresh pita bread offering makes a great start. A large menu selection, reasonably priced, with lots of vegetarian/vegan options, but they also offer the traditional lamb along with beef and chicken too (all Halal certified).The place is clean, but not real cozy (it's an old Starbucks location, so  there are a lot of "hard" surfaces inside).I'm glad to have this option in Hillsboro.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,5/1/2014,33,87,3,9,7>Oh Hillsboro, sometimes you're just a bane of my existence when it comes to decent bar places. Thankfully Front Row has recently filled this hole for beer-sports-grub joint. Yeah, BWW is right in the area but DANG that place can be expensive. It's basically your standard sports bar with a ton of TVs, a lot of seating and drink selections. There's a ton of beers on tap along with a full bar selection. Mixed drinks can vary from weak to strong depending on the time so you may want tack on an extra shot if you're looking for extra strong. They have happy hour daily from 3-6 and 10-close - discounted drinks and food selections. I'm a fan of the chicken quesadilla & cajun shrimp but there's nothing really bad on there. Service is generally pretty good and quick. Thanks for filling the drinking black hole, Front Row.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,4/30/2014,116,134,3,10,7>Let's face facts: Milwaukie doesn't really have a lot of options for good coffee or baked goods, and definitely none as good as Painted Lady Coffee House, which would stand on it's own in any Portland neighborhood.Proprietor and Baker Jill Younce is, in fact, painted with many colorful tattoos. It turns out that Jill and I both happen to appreciate tattoos, as well as art, and punk rock music, so we struck up a solid rapport right away, and I felt like a valued customer the first time I walked through the door! However, I noticed that Jill also remembers all of her other customers by name, and she impressively remembers all of their drink requests and favorite treats. I've heard her on numerous occasions say, "Hi ____, how are you? Would you like your usual ____?" So, in short, it seems that Jill understands customer service, and she definitely understands baking, as the products Jill is crankin' out are about as good as you'll find anywhere in the city. The glass case is always stacked with fresh baked goodies for days! Muffins, pastries, cheese danish (which are fucking awesome, BTW), apple coffee cake, a different variety of fresh baked scones every day, brownies, cinnamon rolls, bagels from Gabriel's Bakery, and every other delicious and delectable treat you could need or want. In addition, Jill and her crew make some delicious breakfast bagel sandwiches, and serves up an awesome lunch special every day, complete with great local beers, and service with a smile. And the quiche? Holy shit. I'm part French, part German, and as strange is it sounds, I don't even like quiche that much, but I'd gladly eat this quiche several days of the week if I could.I almost forgot the mention the coffee, and the espresso drinks! I'm more of a shot in the dark with cream kinda guy, but Jill and her crew can make any drink you want with the best of 'em. I've enjoyed a few great cappuccinos and lattes here, and I have yet to experience anything less than great from this cozy little shop in Old Town Milwaukie.As difficult as business has been in downtown Milwaukie with the light rail construction, this shop seems to be busy as ever, and I highly recommend going out of your way to visit the awesome coffee shop and chill hangout spot for breakfast, lunch, or both. If you live in Milwaukie, or you're just passing by, stop by Painted Lady, and tell Jill I sent you. I'm sure you'll find a delicious morsel that'll make your day that much more enjoyable. Painted Lady Coffee House definitely makes my morning better every time I walk through the door.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,4/29/2014,160,387,4,10,8>My first visit to Slow Bar was last night.  I say first visit because I look forward to going again, soon.Accompanied by a good friend we nabbed a table for two next to the bar, ordered our drinks and food and had a great time. 3 hours later we left purely because we didn't want to hog the table all night.Me - Slow Burger and Moscow MuleBurger was excellent, fries were okay, drink was a bit light on the alcohol.Friend - Southern Fry and Long IslandChicken was excellent, hush-puppies were dry inside and a bit overcooked. The decor and ambiance are simple, a bit edgy, and comfortable. The lighting is just right too.  A half dozen high back modern booths that seat 4 - 6. A few tables for 2 or 4 people, a long bar all topped off by a square conversation area in one of the front windows.  Nice staff, good timely service.Interesting menu.Good prices.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,4/28/2014,143,429,14,15,12>The Sugar Cube is pretty spectacular.I dropped in one afternoon and selected a Highway to Heaven chocolate cupcake and a petite NY Cheesecake to go, anticipating digging into them at some point that weekend. That didn't happen exactly as I'd planned though.The cupcake was gone just a few minutes after I reached my car. I literally sat in my car on Alberta and devoured it with absolutely no sense of propriety or shame. People were probably watching me go to town on it but I really could not care less at that point. It hit the spot, and that's saying something because I am a big supporter of pie in the pie vs. cake battle.I somehow managed to save the cheesecake for the next day, and by next day I mean I ate it for breakfast.  I love cheesecake and I can easily say that is is one of the best cheesecakes I've found in the city so far. I will definitely be back for that little gem.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,4/27/2014,106,368,7,13,9>Karam Lebanese Deli & Catering is a beautiful spot near the Beaverton Bed, Bath, & Beyond store. Karam offers a limited amount of indoor seating and is a wonderful place for ordering take-out food.If I owned Karam I would rename it "Lebanese Deli, Catering, and Bakery. The baked goods here are extraordinary. If you've never had fresh baked pita bread before then you're in for a real treat. In addition to pita bread Karam Lebanese Deli & Catering also offers items like baklava, chocolate cake, cookies, and tarts. Karam is a fantastic place to enjoy dessert.The deli menu offers items like kabobs, soups, salads, sandwiches, hummus, and Chicken Shawarma. Karam Lebanese Deli & Catering also has quite a few vegan and gluten free selections. The prices are very fair. Many of the entrees are below $10 and a slice of chocolate cake will run you about $4.75.Special mention needs to be made of the service. My dinner companion needed a toothpick. The guy at the cash register didn't have one so he broke off the end of a kabob skewer for my friend to use. How's that for personalized service? The man quickly made note that his deli needed to order toothpicks. By golly, Karam Lebanese Deli & Catering is trying really hard!Keep an eye on Karam Lebanese Deli & Catering. It's a bright new star in Beaverton's fine dining scene that I predict is going to go far!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,4/26/2014,151,99,14,17,12>Of course, I desperately want to go to Hawaii. For the natural beauty, for the climate, for the incredible culture, and yes, for the food.When I eat at this cart, my wanderlust is simultaneously intensified and quelled.On the one hand, I must go and experience Hawaiian food in its natural setting.On the other hand... why would I ever want to leave the immediate vicinity of this cart?Do yourself a favor and be in the immediate vicinity of this cart between 11 am and 2 pm on weekdays... Order the 808 Chicken (or, if you're hungrier, a combo... that includes the 808 Chicken)... get a side or two of the spicy mayo... maybe get a t-shirt (if you do, your lunch will be free!), since after this meal you'll be as hopelessly devoted as I am.Find a spot and dig in. Marvel at the Mac Salad. Thank the chicken you are eating for giving its life, and assure it that it did not die in vain.Cry tears of joy. Sleep off the food coma.Come back tomorrow.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,4/25/2014,219,318,5,11,9>This is one of the best 2nd run movie houses in Portland. You just can't beat this place for 4 bucks. In addition to 2nd run, they even throw in the occasional 35 year old hit, like Stripes with Bill Murray. There were 7 movies playing here so there's something for everyone. All you have to do is just pick one. The only thing I didn't like about it was the box office because it was very difficult to communicate with the ticket person. I didn't really care in the long run though because Academy still deserves 5 stars. The theaters are very clean... NO sticky floors or stray popcorn to contend with. And what better way to top it all off than pizza and beer?The seats were extra compfy with high backs and cloth cushions, just as good if not better than some of the 1st run places. And, no squeaks. If you're not careful you just might fall asleep, even if you're loving the movie.So a trip to the Academy would not be complete without mention of the bathrooms. Who cares about the bathrooms? Well, I do. Why? Because it was clean for one thing. I liked the design, the black and white tile and of course, the Art Deco light fixtures. I will spare you any further details about what you actually do in there. You get the picture.This one comes highly recommended. Since there are lots of restaurant options in the area, it makes for the perfect date night. Check it out.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,4/24/2014,201,579,4,10,10>I have lived in Portland for less than three months and I have already found several street taco joints that rival the ones down in the Dallas/ Fort Worth area. I really am surprised by this. Look, I have already gotten that this town is a foodie paradise and the Yelpers are amazing at finding every little hole in the wall around. I myself, am racking up reviews, fans, votes and compliments because I seem to be posting a new review every other day and this community eats it up, figuratively, of course. I also have found out quickly, that if you want to eat it, you can find it.Robo Taco is a little shop down in the Southeast around the corner from the post office. With a tattoo shop right next door you can eat and ink to your hearts content. If you are so inclined. They do say one out of every five Americans are tattooed nowadays. Although, in Portland, that average may be a bit higher. Anyway, good standard fare carnitas, pastor, lengua and asada tacos plus several others including a tofu option and on this occasion a fried oyster one. I got a two taco platter that had creamy, creamy refried beans and good rice to boot. The meat was tender, but it could have used a bit more spice. The sauces were good, but watery. I like it a bit thicker. The red was a standard sauce, good flavor. The orange was an habanero that was very good but very thin and the green sauce was heavy on the cilantro but needed more jalapeno. The tortillas looked homemade and I had a great in-house made horchata that was AMAZING. They used a different type of cinnamon, so it wasn't as sweet as what I have come accustom to. Perhaps they've visited Penzeys over in the Pearl? Definitely a must.I liked the decor and random old Japanese style robots looking down from the bar and the various robot paintings around the place and one tiny TV showing old commercials from the 1950s. It is small, so I'm guessing around lunch time it might get a tad busy. But worth the trouble.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,4/23/2014,83,177,8,13,12>Sort of a weird vibe with all the deer heads. Maybe they're going for a cabin feel? Meh. Who cares. Great cheap drinks and plenty of good and cheap beer. Note to self I made two recent discoveries. First, the food here is fucking fantastic. I had no idea. I mean really good. It wasn't expected. Second there is an outdoor patio out back. It's a little strange though as there is pretty much no lighting and it's pretty small. Almost creepy. But if you need a smoke and you want to stay dry they've got you covered. Figurative and literal. The music changes depending on who is behind the bar but they've been playing some really good shit from ever genre lately.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,4/22/2014,138,174,8,16,12>This romantic French restaurant on the riverfront offers a unique intimate fine dining experience.  Don't be in a rush and call or e-mail ahead for reservations because the owner is also the host, and the waiter, and the chef!  Beau (pronounced "Boe," rhymes with "Doe") does it all and with such elegance, poise and je ne sais quoi.  It's a tiny restaurant and seats only 4-5 tables, mostly 2 seaters, and 4 bar spots, so bring a date, not a party.Here are my highlights on the food items I've tried so far in order of preference.  First course:* The Vie Onion Soup was amazing with a sweetness substituting the usual salty flavor from the traditional french onion soup. I wanted to lick the bowl clean but that would be inappropriate there.* The roasted garlic was prepared in such a way that I felt like I was eating a garlic grapefruit.  Smelly but yummy.* Brussel sprouts were delicious even though I normally don't like them in general.  The fire roasted taste works well, but I thought it could use some bacon.Main course:* Steak Chateaubriand was the big winner here!  Cooked to tender perfection with an amazing sauce.* Lemon Caper Chicken works great if you're looking for something milder, the cream sauce mixes well with the polenta.* I sampled the crab cakes.  They weren't a big hit for me, a bit too limp and mushy, and I probably wouldn't order them for myself.Final course:* Butter cake was moist and superb.  I wish I had some of it right now!* The caramelized strawberry cream was a mini fondue you dip with baguette slices, simple and fun.* Pink champagne chocolate cake was tasty on its own right, but a bit heavy and the other desserts outshine it.A word of caution: Some GPS apps will direct you to the parking garage on Mill St. Circle because it's physically closest to the restaurant.  The path between that road and Vie is a locked private path for building residents only, so you'll end up walking around to Harbor and Montgomery to get there.Food: 5Ambiance: 5Service: 5Value: 3TL;DR: Romantic spot, great food
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,9/25/2009,550,1055,18,17,16>Can you say Yarp?! Can you pronounce it correctly?How about yummy spicy sausage linguini?Can you say that?Yes you can!Eight dollah will make you hollah and wish that you have another bottle of water. It's spicy, fresh, and hot. It took a while to get my food, but it's so worth it. The portion was huge, I had to share with my sister, her boyfriend, and my other sister's boyfriend. I will come back to Yarp?! with a hungry belly, hopefully on a less busy night. Yarp?! you are so awesome!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2008,9/24/2009,434,336,15,14,12>Karaoke bars have always scared me. My fear of them began in the early '90's, up on Crystal Mountain on a weekend retreat with my psych prof, and a few classmates. We went to a little tavern close to the cabin, and after a few drinks, the prof convinced me to sing "The Rose". That in itself would have been enough, but he also decided to video tape it. Somehow, that moment scarred me for life. No more karaoke for Jeannie, thanks! Anyhoo, this is one of the first karaoke bars that I actually enjoy going to. It's in a Jetsonesque building kitty corner from the Doug Fir. It's divey in a cool retro way. They have a huge salt water fish tank that runs the length of the side wall close to the stage. There's a cool big fat grey fish that Kim V mentioned in her review. He's my favorite. Dude swam laps around all the skinny fish all night. He must have plans for the New Year. The food is typical American Chinese. The menus are stained from many years of drunken spills. The crab puffs are made with krab, klassy. I like the egg rolls they aren't too bad. The drinks are strong, and not outrageously priced. Our server had no problem doing separate tabs for the 9 of us, although she was very busy on the Saturday night we went. There were people of all kinds, which is great for people watching. Some people were really good, others not so much, but everyone seemed to be having a good time. I would recommend going with a larger group and getting a big table. You must have a group of 8 or more to sit at one of them. It's not overly polished, but if you need to get your karaoke on, it's not a bad place to go.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,9/23/2009,637,638,8,17,10>Are you if-y if the camping thing is for you but want to give it a try? Want to get out in the great outdoors but don't have much time? Love tubing? Cruise on down to Oxbow! Who knew that a mere half hour from the Portland metro area lies the breathtaking great outdoors! Owbow has clean lemony fresh bathrooms, showers with piping hot water (.25cents for 2.5 mins), and clean water for cooking / drinking! It's not exactly ruffing it, but it's perfect for relaxing and getting away from it all. Truth be told I'm not much of a camper , but I was lured in by the prospect of tubing. I've been tubing twice on the Sandy river both of which were a blast. It's tame enough to enjoy a nice brew and take in the scenery, but it keeps you on your toes. And you can stumble back to your camp site for s'mores!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2008,9/22/2009,189,360,8,10,8>Indulgent. Decadence. Ambrosial. Heavenly. Elegant.Choosing from an exotic selection of beautiful chocolates could be an intimidating experience, but the lovely people at Cacao ensure the experience if fun and interesting, but not overwhelming.  There isn't even an air of pretension.  The entire store feels like the inside of a chocolate bar too - with warm rich chocolate covered walls and floors.Sitting with a friend over an exquisite cup of drinking chocolate, with a hint of cinnamon - My first sip transported me to a magical place where smiling is inevitable and joyousness was soothing and washed over everything.  Then I started craving a nice big glass of milk.For me, Cacao is a place for a special treat, but not a place I'd visit regularly.  Though I've been known to enjoy chocolate far less than other people, so perhaps that explains it.  Because really, I have no complaints about the offerings available at Cacao.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2009,9/20/2009,122,301,8,14,11>I had to try this out, so I spread the word at work and put in an order for nine quarts of a combination of vegan, vegetarian and meat soup.  Each week it changes, so check their listing online.  Place an order before Friday at midnight and you'll get your soup delivered next week  on a day depending on where you live in their delivery area (called Souplandistan).This is a subscription-based delivery service, so you pick which soup you want each week.  You can do what we did and place a one-time order over $45.  If your order is under $18, then there's a $3 delivery charge.  Sounds like the perfect office solution for delivery.They (Jen for us) arrive on a bike with a little trailer towing coolers full of soups, salads and bread.  Totally sweet and friendly.The soup is delivered cold in containers meant for easy storage.  The bread was so good!  I'm not sure where it came from.  The salad was also great and had the best sweet and tangy dressing.  Another thing to keep in mind is that the ingredients come from local farmers.  Go to their page to see stats on how many car-miles they have saved and how much money has gone to local farmers.One quart of soup is $9 for veggie and $10 for meat.  Combos are available and discounts for larger orders are listed on the form.  There's a ton of information on their website, so check it out.  They also Twitter and keep up a blog.Tip:  They're in the current Chinook Book:  "Save 50% on your first SoupCycle delivery when you sign up for a one-month Soupscription."
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2009,9/19/2009,130,164,11,12,13>Breaking your leg sucks.  Breaking your leg then having a 6" metal plate and seven pins inserted into your tibia to crank it back up into place to line up with your knee really, really sucks.  Having arthroscopic knee surgery a couple of months after that ordeal opens a whole vortex of suckage.Carolyn Alter, PT helped me get from a percocet-addled, two week post op basket case on crutches to the high heel wearing, ass-kicking goddess I am now.  Well, maybe not goddess but I'm on my way.  For six weeks after the first surgery I was on strict orders not to put any weight on my leg.  Not even a teeny, tiny bit.  I went to Carolyn three times a week and she slowly got me doing exercises to try and improve my muscle tone and flexibility.  It is frightening how quickly your muscles atrophy after surgery.  My left leg looked like the Incredible Hulk compared to the shrunken little twig on the right.After that six weeks of hell, I was sentenced to six MORE weeks on crutches but allowed to be 50% weight bearing.  We upped the types of exercise and soon I was seeing marked improvement.  As with all PT, you really have to stick to a plan, including doing exercises on your own.  Carolyn explained and demonstrated everything I needed to do at home.  Some days were full on hour+ workout, some days were massage and ultrasound treatments.  It really depended on how my leg decided how to behave that day.  That's Carolyn's true talent: sussing out what's going on with your body and encouraging you to listen to its cues.  Carolyn is part coach, part therapist, part personal trainer, part cheerleader, part older sister.   She knew when to push me and when to lay off.  She is just generally awesome.  Due to the second surgery, I ended up being in her care for eight months.  I don't miss being in pain, but I really do miss seeing her a couple of times a week.  Now where are my skis...
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,9/18/2009,126,2155,24,24,24>Let me tell you about good signs. In the literal sense, I'm a big fan of the sign that says, "Right lane may turn without stopping". YES.Other good signs include:Finding $20 on the ground with no one around or seeing the sun high in the sky when you're heading to the beach.Regarding taco shops however, a good sign is Mexicans in the kitchen. An even better sign is Mexicans eating within! It's not that I have anything against hip, skinny white people chowing down on some burritos. But c'mon now!I love me some Mexicans. Shit, I live with one! THAT'S PROOF!King Burrito's Mexican kitchen staff and patrons instantly awards three stars.As other reviews have noted, cheddar cheese is not authentic but c'mon! Cotija cheese gets boring, too! This is the spot. Another one of those places I've been meaning to try but fell short time and time again for whatever reason. I am a Southern California fool, telling you that these burritos are SO CAL style and BOMB. The right amount of grilling on the tortilla. The right amount of onion flavor cooked into the asada. The cheese, well, like I said earlier, it's cheddar, but I grew up around the corner from a beautiful, beautiful taco shop called El Compadre and they were cheddar users, so I've gotten used to it in my burritos. Scratch that, I crave it in my burritos. These burritos are the long lost cure from my stomach's homesickness. Visually it's like home, too - they've got one of those mini vending machines with the "Homiez" figurines and "Mexican style" fake tattoos that cover such stereotypical themes such as the praying hands and low riders and the laugh-now, cry-later faces!As if all this excitement weren't enough, you can eat on the cheap! Carne Asada burrito? $3.75. Yeah, you read that right. It comes standard with  beans in it (delete!) and they charge extra for rice and lettuce! MUAHAHAHA. That's right! Take that!Pastor tacos? Only $1.25. Compared to $2.90 at Muchas. Wow!"Real" Coke in a bottle seals the deal. 5 stars. Yeah, I'm goin' there.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,9/17/2009,264,523,6,16,10>My porch thermometer read 103 yesterday. "I reckon, I'm not cooking dinner tonight. Let's go out," I said to my honey. In celebration of the Southern weather Portland has been receiving, I suggested we dig into some Southern Fried Chicken. I searched Yelp for "Fried Chicken" and Screen Door came in at Number 1 in the results.We arrived at 6:00PM on a Tuesday night and and the place was buzzing. After a couple of minutes, we could feel Screen Door's air conditioning unit struggling to keep up. Thankfully, the first round of diners finished around 6:15, and we were promptly seated by Christopher, the host. Christopher may come of as snobby, but he runs a tight ship. Understandably, he would have to with the hungry diners flowing in and the line growing exponentially out the door. Our server helped us pick out the Corn Griddle Cakes and was friendly and swift, not frantic. Together with her cohorts, they made the place run like a smooth machine. After we received our healthy unhealthy portion of Fried Chicken, we realized that we regretted not ordering Macaroni and Cheese. We were having neighboring plate envy. I am not the only one. I know you get that feeling. The server said it would not take long and soon enough, a bowl of our own arrived to the table. Our nearly complete Southern dinner, minus dessert, consisted of Fried Green Tomatoes, Corn Griddle Cakes, Fried Chicken, Pulled Pork Sandwich and Macaroni and Cheese. Screen Door has the best Fried Green Tomatoes I've had in my life! The order came with four slices of very crispy, Fried Green Tomatoes topped with a shrimp remoulade. The recommended Corn Griddle Cakes were sweet, fluffy and dotted with fresh corn kernels. The infamous Fried Chicken arrived as pieces of boneless chicken breast and thigh, both juicy and flavorful. The chicken was encased in a thick, crispy and peppery breading. The two pieces rested against a smooth pile of mashed potatoes and were accompanied by ham gravy and collard greens. The Fried Chicken was kept dry and crispy throughout the meal. I like Country Cat's Fried Chicken, but Country Cat's gradually lost it's crunch and became soggy from sitting on top of the collard greens. I appreciate how Screen Door placed their collard greens in a bowl, separate from the chicken. The Pulled Pork Sandwich was piled high with coleslaw and tangy pork bits and sided with well seasoned french fries. We're glad we added the Macaroni and Cheese to our table. The al dente noodles were enveloped by creamy, savory cheese sauce. It was really, really good.As each dish arrived, the room felt like it was getting warmer and warmer. The A/C was not getting a break that night. The temperature, the wait out the door and the loud restaurant chatter were all worth it. It's just part of the Southern charm, when it's all about the Fried Chicken.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2009,9/16/2009,66,83,11,8,9>I unabashedly love Mad Men.  In fact, my roommate is watching season one on DVD right now, and I'm not hiding in my room from that evil box of light and sounds.   Don Draper drinks Old Fashioneds, and well, I want to do anything that Don Draper does.  Alas, I am not quite such a fantastically alcohol-soaked badass, thus, when I saw "New Fashioned" on the cocktail menu at the Florida Room, frankly, I kind of freaked out.  I freaked out so much, in fact, that I ditched my Florida Room staple of Greyhound (and so did my ladyfriends, after they sampled my tasty beverage).  I can't fully do justice to the mixology of this drink ('cause um, I may have drank one too many and killed some brain cells), but it definitely included the following: house-infused apple cinnamon bourbon, orange juice, (bitters?), a maraschino cherry WIN Truthfully, I already enjoyed me some Florida Room (fresh squeezed juice FTW) but it's so. damn. far. from my life in SE Portland, but now I am much more willing to make the trek.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2009,9/15/2009,104,175,12,15,14>First of all, I'd like to apologize to the staff of Bamboo for how obnoxious I may or may not have been on the night of my visit. It was my darling housemate's birthday and we'd been to several bars before finally deciding to splurge on a nice dinner.We ended up sitting at the bar and watching the preparation of all our food. We started with a bottle of sake and moved on to a staggering array of food choices. I had an amazing roll (which the altogether charming chef veganized for me) involving a lot of avocado. Much food was consumed, much sake was imbibed, and many jokes were shared with the chefs. Have I mentioned that they nearly charmed the pants off me? They were helpful, attentive, and hilarious. The head chef managed to overhear every comment I made to my roommate about my various needs:"Y'know, I think I might run out of wasabi."*Chef slides a small mountain of wasabi across the counter to me*"Good lord, this pickled ginger is amazing."*More appears next to my plate*They win major, major points for this, as well as for entertaining us while we sobered up after dinner.The wait staff were unobtrusive and helpful (and knew exactly which items were vegan or could be veganized), the food was delightful, and the atmosphere was nice without being too nice for my shabbily-clad self.-1 star for the price. Sorry, but my bank account was hurting after I sobered up.
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2012,3/30/2013,87,106,7,10,7>Poor poor Javier's, just not getting the love on Yelp.  Yes, sometimes it is hit and miss and there are some things I would just never order (machaca burritos for example, contain way too many bell peppers).  Many of their items pale (carne asada) in comparison to other established joints in Portland, but this place is open 24/7!  After several whiskey sours and maybe a beer or two, the carne asada chips (or carnitas, if you're awesome) is my preventative secret for a hangover the next day.  That earns them an extra star.  Each trip to Jaiver's is filled with colorful characters, so maybe get your food to go... I've seen people in formal wear and others in their pajamas.  My favorite menu items include the carnitas chips and most of the breakfast burritos, but particularly the ham and egg breakfast burrito (although I never find myself eating it for actual breakfast) because they take a ham steak and cube it up and it just feels very homey to me, like something my mom would make.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,3/29/2013,426,1757,7,14,8>I had a very funny chip off the 'ole block moment here when they first opened. My then 9-year old son,wanted to talk to the owner, Pascal Chureau. He'd seen his mom do this a number of times and decided this is what you do. Provide feedback, in person, to a French chef, at an upscale restaurant. The owner was at first a little taken aback, but actually handled it quite well. It probably didn't happen that much during his years running Fenoil or Tucci. As a local, and someone who really wants to see independent restaurants survive and thrive in my neighborhood, it was all done with good intentions. It was a rave for some of their Happy Hour items... my son was especially complimentary towards the fries & aioli with duck fat & rosemary and the calamari. Our less favorable feedback was geared toward the seating. Happy Hour is excellent here, but unlike Portland, West Linn is a very family-centric dining destination. Upscale restaurants have a hard time surviving unless they embrace that dynamic. We mentioned that it is challenging for a family to enjoy Happy Hour together when it is only served in the bar (no kids allowed) and outside. You can see how that would be undesirable during many months of the year. Zeppo in Lake Oswego really does an excellent job for the family with a large menu and mixed seating.Allium does have a nice mix of items on the HH menu which has changed over time. Happy Hour is also served all night on Monday and during the rest of the week it is twice a day for a few hours before dinner and 8:30p to close every night. The lemon drop has remained my favorite cocktail in town for a couple years.Since their opening, I resisted writing my review because my only experience was Happy Hour and I wanted to hold off until I ate a full meal here. That finally happened last week at one of their monthly Neighborhood Dinners. I've been kicking myself ever since that I waited so long to enjoy that experience. "Feathers or Dots?"That was the question put to the diners when asked to choose the cuisine for the next dinner. They are all themed 7-course meals including wine (liberally served) for $39/person. We were actually given four choices, but our table quickly narrowed it down to either Native American or Indian cuisine.I can't say enough good things about the Neighborhood Dinner and must stress that reservations are essential because the restaurant was absolutely filled. For the most part you eat communally and the focus is locally sourced food and conversation. We completely lucked out with a fun table, including someone I briefly worked for 16 years ago. He has been coming to these from the very beginning and I can see why.All food is served family style, so you really need to check out the menu in advance. If you have any food allergies or sensitivities, you need to inform the restaurant in advance. It really isn't the best scenario if you are a picky eater. It was just the right amount of food where you feel full, but not overly stuffed. While the rest of the courses were shared, each diner received an individual dessert to finish the meal. You have a choice of red or white wine, but any cocktails are extra. Because some of the produce for this meal came from a local school district-run farm, a couple students gave a small speech during the meal about working on the farm. Because I've been here a number of times during the past few years, I can tell you I've experienced both the highs and lows of service. I've had food I adored and items I was only so-so about. But, the Happy Hour and Neighborhood Dinner are both some of the highlights of West Linn dining which elevates them to four stars in my book.-----------------Please note there are regularly deals on various sites for discounted dining, but you need to read the fine print. In many cases, HH and their special events (Neighborhood and Wine Makers' Dinners) are excluded.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,3/28/2013,574,765,7,16,14>Earthy, homey, mixed in with some Autumn color and taste and you've got your New Orleans flavors right here.Another birthday, this time it's the hubbys'. Yes he gets them too AND we have another excuse for a special dinner to get to.Had to have a sazerac cocktail. Never had one but I just watched "State of the Union" and Kathryn Hepburn got quite tipsy on them so I thought I would imbibe. Crazy festive bright ruby color and spicy flavor but that's the New Orleans way.Started out with a couple of spicy vodka oyster shots which just elevated my appetite.We decided to venture on and ordered a pumpkin/squash and blue crab bisque as a sample for all of us.  Creamy, flavorful, complete with fresh crab.  Perfect for a warm fall day.The server recommended we get the "famous" barbequed shrimp - 4 huge puppies, I mean shrimp arrived in this get down and dip into with your bread smoky in a cajun kinda way sauce.Speaking of pups, we had to hush up and get some of those onion hush puppies. Dug the cornbread wrapped around goodness. Also came with a sweet fruit sauce.French Bread kept showing up all through the meal with each dish and we were forewarned not to go crazy with eating it or we would not have room for the real food.Big hunks of cornbread ALSO arrived when we got our crawfish etoufee with whole fried blue crab on the side.  Super fresh, awesome hearty etoufee sauce. Dessert? Well of course!  They were eating up the scrumptious bread pudding and I went for the banana cream pie. This is not any usual banana cream pie (which are quite good in themselves) BUT this one has: salted caramel , nilla wafer crust and shaved chocolate. No resistance here.What with the laid back atmosphere, old and cozy that it is, we thoroughly enjoyed our festivites and piggish ways.  I did not eat anything the next day except for a big salad in late afternoon.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,3/27/2013,240,523,9,9,6>The service is always great and short. The sermons are always, well sermons. Preach and pray Father. Follow and live it sister.Now I feel like singing Ode to my Family by the Cranberries. What else is there to say to give an non catholic an insight of what it's like to be inside this church? Hmmm wooden benches with padded kneeling boards. Confession boxes before you enter the main church. The Altar where to wings meet and face. This is also where the Priest gives his sermon and the place where you get the host aka communion. Everyone sings, everyone prays. Everyone makes peace with each other. Oh, the parking sucks if it's the Christmas Eve mass. Get there early. Why? Cause I said we pray! Pray... Ps. Please try not to fall asleep during this short Sunday sermon.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/26/2013,123,492,14,14,15>39th Avenue.  An essential cross-town street that takes you as far north as the Hollywood district, and as far south as Crystal Springs Boulevard and the Springwater Corridor biking trail.  Nothing along the Avenue is quite as curious as the giant, gilded statue of Joan of Arc (Jeanne d'Arc for my Francophile friends) erected in the middle of a rotary at the intersection of NE 39th and Glisan.  Your first WTF moment is the very fact that you have arrived at a rotary (or, camembert, again for my Francophile friends), here on the west coast.  Because these traffic conundrums are such a rarity this side of, say, Boston, the city of Portland has done the one and only thing it can think to do to give you any chance of navigating this devil's circle.  They have installed stop signs at each and every entry point.  East Coasters laugh at the "safety" aspect added to what should otherwise be a goddamned free-for-all where the strong of will and crazy of heart will always take and maintain the right of way.  But I digress.Since you are at a stop sign and trying to figure out exactly how to enter the seventh circle of Hell without being hit by the oncoming bus that is riding not in any particular lane that you can discern, you also have the opportunity to wonder if you are actually in Portland, or if you have somehow been wormholed to the Place des Pyramides in Paris, because there is a life-size reproduction of Joan of Arc, atop her trusty steed, in the most flamboyant of gilded gold.  This is your second WTF  (or CQCB - "C'est quoi ce bordel?") experience to be had here at NE 39th and Glisan.  The statue is here to commemorate the fallen from World War I.  The traffic circle - Coe Circle - is named after the man who donated the statue back in 1924.  But I can hardly think of it as anything but CQCB circle from now on.  I find myself asking "C'est quoi ce bordel?" each time I attempt circumnavigating this NE Portland traffic landmark.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,3/25/2013,194,499,14,17,14>Oh, Lé sigh. I love this place! It carries a lot of  junque; much of it makes me weep that I once owned and then threw out. Who was I to know my Grandmother's garage full of crap would be collectible also? My mother was right when she fretted when I threw out old Shilling spice tins that were old and lacked bar codes. Dead spice is collectible!Oh, Lé hell. One pays what one pays for the foolishness of our youth. In some cases dearly here. But, if it were just that, this place would be off my list as boring and useless. And clearly it is not. They always are my go to place for the obscure. Heaven knows downtown Hillsboro (the home that I love) has a plethora of poo emporiums. But Lé Stuff has the best, and most of it is reasonable. This trip was for a safety razor, part of an ensemble of gifts, now that SO is sporting a proper southern goatee. The same thing is made new at $50, but a well kept used one here was $10. They will find it if they don't have it, they were consider "offers" on some items. They have lay-a-way and they are generally nice folks. And they are close to everything else downtown that makes for a lovely afternoon stroll. There is always a five dollar doodad here that will make you smile more than what the same amount of money would buy you in a coffee shop.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,3/24/2013,273,418,,19,13>I have been holding off on reviewing this place for a few reasons:1) I had to give it some time; you can't really get a feel of the "culture" of a brand new place in just a couple visits.2) ETHICAL DILEMMAS: I'm becoming quite friendly with the people that work here (no, not in *that* way).  Not only that, but I have been checking in on them since this place was under early construction....   I heard this place was opening and as a home-brewer-turned-mountaineer-photographer, how could I resist?  HOW? 3) The photos that adorn the South Wall are mine.   So, the place has been open since early November, what do I think? I like it quite a bit.  Let's break it down:THE SPACE: the area is clean, but raw, wood rafters and concrete.  I think it looks great.  The complaints about it getting loud are valid, but that's just the nature of the beast.  I actually like it, but that might be because my volume tends to rise linearly (or maybe even exponentially) with beer consumption.  The attention to detail is ridiculous.  When this place was going up I almost had to tell these guys "y'know, it's OK if you don't do EVERYTHING yourselves. You can delegate SOME things.  You CAN'T do EVERYTHING in-house".  I didn't, because well...I've never opened a brewery, and they have proven that they can, indeed, take on damn-near everything themselves.  The freakin' ceiling is rigged with fiber optics to mimic the night sky (as it looked on an exact date, I'm not going to explain it because I might get the details wrong), that tap handles are made in house.  NO, I don't mean that they put stickers on a piece of plastic...they ANNODIZE ALUMINUM...IN-HOUSE. They wanted toasted wood to age beer on, so naturally they build a wood-toaster. See what I mean?  As an internet addict, it could definitely use some patron-accessible power ports though, I would love sit in here and edit photo/video when my friends are being too boring to come out.  I haven't even mentioned that you can sit by FIRES out back but I haven't got to test those out much...yet.THE FOOD: THERE IS NONE.  OK, there is, but it's serviced by carts.  I have only tried the pizza cart, but I gotta say I was impressed.  I'm not expert on pizza (I'm from Florida so, yeah) but I do like my pizza SUPER HOT and SUPER FRESH and NOT OVERPRICED and they tick all my boxes.  They also take credit cards, which is HUGE.  The main reason I don't go to carts is that so many refuse to take cards and I refuse to pay ATM fees.  There is also a gryro/middle-eastern cart but I have not tried that one yet.THE BEER:  There seems to be a bit of confusion from customers about the beer here, and I think that is well-founded.  Base Camp definitely has their own style.  And their style is not similar to many other breweries in Portland.  They're not one of the hop-bomb breweries, they're not one of the Belgiany breweries, they are going their own way (now I have Fleetwood Mac stuck in my head...crap).  I will admit, I like mega-hoppy-citrusy ales the most, but that is simply not the kind of beer they brew here (although if you're more into ale beers with big hops, try their Meridian IPA, it's solid.).  The beers at Base Camp, even most the ales, go for a more lager feel.  Clean, crisp, conditioned but with a bold Portland twist. I also enjoy their Pilsner, a style that is fast becoming one of my new favorites.  This style of beer has been drug through the mud over the years (be it Miller declaring a "true pilsner taste" or the numerous skunked, over-marketed green-bottled beers that arrive from Belgium/German/Czech Republic) and it's nice to taste one the way it was mean to be experienced: FRESH from your LOCAL brewery.Their growlers here are amazing (Stainless Steel, which is the preferred metal of man's-men everywhere) and I love that the IPL comes in aluminum bottles, makes them much easier to chug on the summit of Mt Hood (photo coming soon).It's been a long time coming but it's great to finally sit in this place and take it all in.I can't wait to see how this place evolves and matures, I've heard rumblings of what's next and it's very, very exciting.They may have even inspired me to dust-off my homebrewing kettle...maybe.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,3/23/2013,97,140,13,4,8>Am I fan of going up to some stranger behind a counter and saying, "Excuse me sir, give me some Balls, Balls, Balls please?"No.But will I do it?Yes.Why?Because it's damn tasty.The balls with polenta? Tasty.The balls with sauce and bread? Damn tasty.The balls with sauce, toasted on bread covered in cheese? So friggin tasty it makes me angry.OH yeah, the salad was good too.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/22/2013,637,638,6,6,6>I have a serious case of brand loyalty. Once I decide I like something...It's all I want. Or maybe it's a serious case of OCD? Who knows! Either way, Once I got a lil taste of Ristretto Roasters I was hooked. Cowboy blend in particular. I have deviated from my usual plain coffee to enjoy a nice latte, which was likewise lovely. This particular location has a very hip, antiseptic quality to it. Down to the sharp employees it is just one classy coffee joint. Every time I have been it's been bustling with conversation, studying, and the usual coffee shop shenanigans. Wanting to show off to my Texan father I picked him up a pound of the Cowboy Blend, obviously knowing this would be right up his alley. " Good Stuff " He responding smiling into his cup. He gave the bag a quick once over while he read the flavors aloud " Caramel, guava,  and hibiscus huh ?"  He thought about this a second before saying " Well, I don't know any cowboys walking around with caramel and guava in there pocket but hey, I like it! " . And with that folks, I say with confidence it'll strike every coffee lovers fancy.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,3/21/2013,219,427,8,10,10>I dare say last year I was spoiled by my Bird who has witnessed firsthand my effortless ability to destroy pretty, delicate things and couldn't take anymore. My purses live a tough, yet adventurous life until they are sent to their untimely fate in the big purse heaven in the sky. He finally found a purse that I haven't been able to destroy in my need to go through life in a hapless manner that involves jumping in puddles, spilling beer and hugging strangers. Not only that, he got me a cute wallet too! My Queen Bee purse and wallet are made of durable faux waterproof leather and the purse has a seatbelt strap that has not so much as frayed one thread in a year of hard use. The Trucker and Truckette bags don't come cheap at $100+, but it's a heck of a lot cheaper than going through several bags a year. Mine is also a clean enough design to make me look more put together than I really am. I can't pass by this store on Williams without drooling or stopping in to see what new purses, bags, wallets, hats, scarves and other Portland-y goods featuring roses, Beavers, birds, etc that they have in stock. Naturally my treasures have birds on them so I think of my Bird wherever I roam.I also have a hat from here. The size he got me didn't fit so they called me when they had that size in again. Seriously, they actually called. I can't say enough good things about the folks who work here. I challenge you to come in this charming little local shop without desperately wanting to buy something adorable, yet indestructible!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/28/2008,7/24/2009,35,130,16,12,8>WC: Hey Small Child, do you like lentil stew?SC: Yeah!WC: How about gigantic, table-sized pancakes?SC: Yeah!WC: And is your preferred method of eating with your hands?SC: Yeah!WC: Hey Small Child, try this Ethiopian food!SC: AAAAHHHHH! That's disgusting!!!!Although Small Child disparaged the cuisine of an entire continent, mom and I had quite a nice dinner at Horn of Africa. The restaurant just moved up MLK recently to a new spot in Vanport Plaza - it's a cool, vertical space and nicely decorated. The mango lassi and chai tea were excellent. The veggie family platter was pretty good. I don't know if they toned down the spice since Small Child was in the party, but a lot of the dishes were a little bland. The standout was the fava bean stew with olive oil and tahini - excellent. Maybe the meat dishes fare better? The service was good, but sloooow. They weren't busy at all on a Friday night but we were in there a good 90 minutes for dinner, which translates into 72 hours in kid time. A nice addition to the block, I'd definitely give them another shot.Oh: and thanks to whoever the landscape architect for Vanport Plaza was. Someone unintentionally designed the most perfect kiddie play area with some boulders and a bioswale in front of the restaurant.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,7/23/2009,135,161,9,15,13>I love you John's Market. So very, very much. You have an astounding selection of affordable, amazing wines. Better than any other grocery or corner market I've been in. Lot's of people love you for your incredible and plentiful selection of micro brews, but seriously, the wine is where it's at! I turned 21 living near you, and it was truly very exciting going in for the first time and buying my first legal bottle of wine! See, I love wine. Warm, fruity, sweet, friendly red wine! I got the best Syrah Grenache I've ever tasted from you. I've subsequently never failed to find something amazing and usually under $10 to savor from your shelves. I've even expanded my tastes in to white wine, and you've got just about every shade and flavor of wine under the sun to try! Now that I live just a few blocks down from you, you are quickly becoming a daily necessity in my life. You've got a variety of foods to stock up on. Not quiet the selection of a Safeway or Fred Meyer, but you've got non-perishable canned and boxed foods, frozen foods, and even fresh produce! That's more than you can say for most corner markets! Sure we've had a some hiccups; like when you closed up 10 minutes early one night, just after I got off work and desperately wanted to get some NICE wine instead of a bottle Yellow Tail from Plaid Pantry. But the positives FAR outweigh any slights I've ever received from you. One of these day's I'll have a Friday night off to enjoy your free wine tasting. But until then I'll enjoy my daily conversations with your laid back employees, friendly atmosphere, and the awesome Bitch wine I found here that I could not find ANYWHERE ELSE (and man, did I look for it!). My future as a Wino is looking very, very bright!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,7/22/2009,46,48,10,8,8>Do I give this place a crap review in an attempt to keep it a secret? No, that's a jerk move that I will not pull, sir.Me and some friends have been going here for trivia night Tuesdays and win nearly every week; not because we're smart, but because barely anyone plays. And it's a shame because the prizes are very generous gift certificates, and once you win once you just kinda get stuck in this endless loop of coming back to the place getting free drinks from your previous winnings. But if me and the friends keep doing that, then we'll clean the house 'cause the bar doesn't earn any money if we don't pay them (except for tips which they deserve in SPADES), and then we don't have a bar to go to 'cause it'll go out of business 'cause we haven't been paying them... D:So. Go to this bar, they rock. Their drinks are cheap, their service is great, the LOCATION IS GREAT, between two MAX lines? You can get drunk off your ass and stumble onto the train 20 feet away! There's really no reason you shouldn't give this place a shot......just uh... just don't go on Tuesdays, 'cause we kinda like winning trivia nights.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2009,7/21/2009,109,170,9,13,13>It's difficult for me to find fault with Sagittarius, if not completely impossible.  On the one hand, this place will forever go down in the history of Tom as a place where I completely botched my first impression on a date.  That, of course, is no one's fault but my own, and was one of those learning experiences that you come away from better able to face the world, etc.No worries; things happen for a reason, and it is still only with fondness that I consider Sagittarius and its friendly, completely chill and down-to-earth staff.  They are attentive, funny, and able to make even Guiness in a can somehow taste like its brighter Tap-born older brother.  I have no complaints, and enjoyed my time there immensely.It's tricky finding places like that, so subdued that they remove you from the moment and just let you feel at ease.  Whether it was lazily munching on cheese fries, sipping a cold beer, or helping another patron with their Mercury personals ad, Sagittarius was the definition of relaxing.  All in all, it was so comforting that I am tempted to add it to my list of David Lynch-ian places in the Metro.Sagittarius is almost too good to be true when looking for a place to let your stress drip from your heels; the kind of place where the decor, lighting, service, drinks and food are all on stand-by to bring you back down to the ground.  I would love to have a place closer to home...I might not ever leave!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,7/20/2009,10,20,4,6,6>All of the bartenders here are very serious about their craft, and on the cutting edge of the New Cocktail movement. They're equally at home putting together the best classic cocktail you've ever had, or challenging your tastebuds with creative new approaches. If you're trying something new off their list, pay attention to what is included in it; they're very good about identifying the ingredients and very open about explaining unfamiliar (or house-made) ingredients. Not every drink works for everyone, so be prepared for the occasional misfiring. And the best advice anyone has provided: sit at the bar and watch them work. The only dings: it gets crazy crowded (good for them) and I seriously hate the loud music. But your mileage may vary.They have food? I never would have guessed.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2009,7/19/2009,171,101,31,17,20>This is very very important.If you are afraid of Zombies, at all, you should NOT attend this particular theater after the sun goes down.Something strange happens and I'm not quite sure how to explain it.First off, they lock all the outside doors when the mall closes, so you better be creative in finding a way inside to SEE the movie.Once inside you will follow the stale smells of popcorn and soda syrup, up the escalators to the theater. Regular Prices. Regular Screens. Regular seats.Now. Here is where it gets interesting.Try to leave when your movie gets out. What? You want to go home and use a clean bathroom? HAHAHA. No!!! The Regal Lloyd Mall Gods haves spoken! They want you to use your proverbial "smarts" to find a way out. You are now LOCKED INSIDE THE MALL.The mall at night is a magical mystical place, full of darkened food courts and motionless escalators with large chains across them. You must then duck under said chains and walk down the old escalator that always seems on the verge of moving. From there you are released into the Mall, where every door you try to open only greets you with a locked grunt. It is up to you to find your way out of this consumer labyrinth and back to a world with no random massage chairs and bubble gum machines. Everything is quiet. The ice-skating rink glistens in the dark. Frozen and still. The white faceless mannequins in the Forever 21 window, look on. And I SWEAR it feels like Dawn of the Dead. Any minute now hungry zombies are going to come hobbling out to eat your flesh and steal your gift cards.Eventually you will find 1 of the 2 doors that remains unlocked, after walking all the way to the opposite end of the world, (aka the other side of the mall). And the air of the outside world will hit you when you open the door, and you will be free of zombies and their love of all things retail.Would I go back?Ummm. Yeah sure. This theater is nothing special and it would never be my first choice. It gets points for absurdity and confusion and general 'WTF'iness. But I don't think I'll be back unless I'm already in the mall shopping. Or I'm just having a craving for some brains.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,7/18/2009,71,113,26,17,18>Javier's Tacos is a great place to go for cheap Mexican food if you are drunk. Or stoned. Or if you find yourself suddenly entwined in a summer action film about rebellious youths finding themselves in the middle of the rough urban landscape. Or if you're lucky, all three. Let's see this scenario play out, shall we?*The camera pauses for a moment on Javier's guacamole-green exterior: The cracked parking lot, the bits of garbage and newspapers breezing past in the cool Portland evening air. The steady red and white stream of traffic on Lombard. The cracked out guy shambling past the taqueria, his stained and threadbare tan overcoat flapping a little in the wind. Cut to you, in your beat up red Pinto, smoking one last cigarette, nervously clutching the filter between dirty, sweaty fingers. You check your watch for perhaps the hundredth time that hour: a quarter after one a.m.. Beside you in the worn vehicle is Alice, your fiesty, moody, unpredictable partner in crime. Right now Alice is halfway through a coke binge, trying to stave off her nerves a little with a poorly-concealed bottle of Canadian whiskey. Alice suggests you both go inside to get something to eat and "figure shit out." You make a derisive, wordless noise and throw your cigarette out the window, where it joins countless others that have been ground in to the pavement of Javier's parking lot over the years in similar acts.Inside Javier's your eyes are assaulted by a barrage of scantily clad women on posters advertising about half a million retailers of pre-paid phones and phone cards. The place is barely occupied, save for a family of four near the front window, chowing down on a red plastic tray of burritos and Pepsi.As the man behind the counter stares sullenly at you, silently waiting for you to order your food, alcohol-induced paranoia sets in. You stall for time by running your fingers through your hair and stare at the extensive bright yellow menu: Oregon burrito, nachos,  menudo, fried fish... the Brazilian phone card girls were one thing, this menu is a whole other beast for a drunk kid on the edge like yourself to take on. Thankfully, that's why you've got Alice.She finishes reapplying her cherry red lipstick and nudges you aside while she orders a small feast for the two of you with the last of the money she stole from her parents back in Gresham. Four chicken tacos, a large order of carne asada fries and two coffees. Amazingly, she gets change back from the $15 she hands over--enough cash left to hit the 7-11 for forties later.The two of you sit in an empty hard plastic booth and stare at each other, gripping your cups of coffee like rosaries. "What are we going to do?" You ask Alice, perhaps rhetorically. She shrugs and drinks her coffee. It's thin, translucent, bitter and tastes like it's been sitting in the pot for a week, but it's successfully killing your buzz enough to focus on thinking up a plan. It also makes you a little jumpy."What were you thinking anyway?" You ask. "All of that trouble, for a dog?" Alice bristles visibly, but her response is cut off by a large tray of food set between you on the table. She settles for flipping you the bird with a little bit of stink-eye for good measure before chowing down on some serious chicken taco.The carne asada fries are, to your inebriated mind, perfect. A mountain of crispy crinkle-cut fries are topped with greasy asada steak, green onions, half-melted shreds of yellow cheese, and a thick dollop of sour cream. Your troubles with Alice and the dead drug dealer you left in the gutter on NE MLK are temporarily forgotten as you drift into heaven. Greasy, carby, heaven. "You know, I think we're going to be alright," says Alice as she unwraps another perfectly cooked taco. You smile back at her and nod, just as you catch a glimpse of several shiny black cars swarm the parking lot and surround your Pinto...*Disclaimer: I also wrote a condensed and highly edited version of this review for a student publication
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2009,7/17/2009,80,286,12,14,12>I was like, is it Ya-kiva's? Jackiva's? And the hombre pointed out that it was indeed the latter, being named after the owners Jack and Iva. Alright. This place is like heaven. Chocolate bar? Yes. Cakes? Yes. Cupcakes? Yes. With a little alcove for the wedding cake business and lotsa prettyness on display, we had some excellent tasty's by the names of:- German chocolate with either chocolate or vanilla buttercream frostingand- White Love with either chocolate or vanilla buttercream frostingand- Aztec Pyraminds, chocolate and cinnamon pyramids of rich milk chocolate sprinkled with gold dust yums. Jaciva's has regular and mini sized cupcakes which I think is an excellent option. They have standard icing on all their cupycakes that is quite ornate with no extra charge. The downside is that they do not deliver, which kinda is too bad. After all the tastings we had gone on, Jaciva's was in the top 3.. edged up by the chocolates that we were tempted by.. cause it'd be cool to have wedding truffles and pyramids and tulip bulbs and rocha and cordials with cupcakes, right?
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,7/16/2009,302,646,13,22,20>I honestly didn't know this place was a bar (yes, even if "Bar" is in the name) until I walked up to the front door and read the sign "No Minors Allowed" because I really thought it was just a restaurant. Anyway, I came here for lunch the other day and sat at one in one of the really tall booths and ordered the Winter Slowburger (it's basically a blue cheeseburger with pancetta) and some Hand Cut Fries with Stinky Cheese  (it really does say "stinky cheese" on the menu) to start and washed it down with their signature bloody mary (made with tomato infused vodka). The bloody mary ranks high up there on the best bloody marys I've had. It was a little spicy and full of tangy tomato flavor...I could drink those all day!  The fries were really good with the melted "stinky cheese" (I'm not sure which cheese it was) and really wished that there were more cheese towards the bottom though on their own, the fries were still yummy. The burger was good...had a decently thick patty and it was smothered in cheese and pancetta. It looks huge but it's just the bun, really. The accompanying salad had slightly sweetened toasted pistachios, hazelnuts, walnuts and almonds. For a bar, they have a really nice food menu and I do want to come back and try their Southern Fry (fried chicken and hush puppies with honey butter or something like that) and of course, their other cocktails...it is a bar, after all.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,7/15/2009,550,1055,13,24,21>Don't judge book by its cover...Don't judge a Tavern by its regular dinner menu...Judge it by their Happy Hour...$5 for food menu, from oysters, ahi tuna, mac & cheese, pork belly burger, and more. $5 drink specials and $2 - $3 beer specials, HELL YEAH!I tried their pork belly burger and it was good, but I don't really care for the tomato jam that they use as dressing for the burger. Also, maybe next time I should ask for it to be medium well. I love my meat on the rare side, but this particular burger seemed like it will taste better if they cook it medium well.The service was very friendly and they offered to split our checks which is an extra star for me. 20% gratuity is included for party 6 or more. I'm not complaining at all, I rather give 20% tip and get separated checks. Seems like there will be more HH at Davis Street Tavern for me. You just can't go wrong here and it's so affordable. LOVE it!
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,3/29/2008,121,1306,8,10,9>Oh Henry, if it weren't for your massive beer list  I probably wouldn't be all that intrigued.  A man with a beer list that massive shouldn't be ignored. Is that shallow of me?  Seriously, I love that beer list so much I could marry it.  That's right.  I said it.  I didn't even have to sample your beer the night I frequented you, but I fell in love anyway.  What kind of girl does that make me?Your decor is kind of a mishmash of borderline dim-sexy and sports bar, but who am I to judge?  The happy hour doesn't include drinks, but the food was cheap.  And cheap is good.  It's not all typical grease fest pub food either, which is refreshing.  I don't know about you, but beer and grease just don't do it for me (long beer lists do, but I think I already established that).
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2008,3/28/2008,123,492,4,8,13>A Hawthorne must!  What I love best about BCC is that there are rules that must be followed.  It suits my Type A personality perfectly.  It's always smart to have a reservation.  It's imperative that you tell others in your party to arrive 15 minutes before the actual reservation.  Be warned that it takes an act of God himself, or in this case, the leniency of the owner to get you seated with fewer than your entire party present and accounted for.  I have seen people rejected outright at the door for daring to arrive at 8pm without having called in advance.  There are rules.  You follow them.  You have a fabulous experience.  It's just the BCC way.Rest assured, it is the owner himself who makes the BCC experience what it is.  He is omnipresent, always watching over his staff and his customers alike.  We are sure to exchange pleasantries and let him know how happy we are to be back.  Coming back suggests you are a regular, and that goes a long way to being treated like royalty here.Now, before we discuss the food, we must discuss the mango ritas.  While tequila is not a staple at most Indian restaurants, it is a strong staple at the BCC.  One mango rita equals total relaxation, the perfect start to a great dinner with friends.  Two mango ritas equal a slow walk home (seriously, leave your car wherever you parked it).  Three mango ritas equal an inability to feel your legs or leave under your own power.  It's a simple equation.  Mind it well!They have an assortment of naan breads that are delicious and worthy of soaking up any of their sauces.  Plain and garlic are great options.  There is a cheese-filled naan that must weigh in at over 2 lbs.  It's a meal in itself.BCC is known for their lamb dishes.  All are fabulous and worth ordering.  We always order a lamb dish, a chicken dish, and something veggie.  We make sure that whatever we order has sauces so that we can dip the naan.  I couldn't tell you what is authentic and what is northern versus southern Indian cuisine.  What I can tell you is that this restaurant is fantastic and a true Portland experience.  Just remember the rules and you, too, will have a phenomenal experience that you will want to repeat!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2008,3/27/2008,5,11,2,10,6>This is my favorite coffee shop in Portland. I've loved it since it opened. The staff are all really nice and they deliver up the goods. Only once has my drink been messed up and they had a new, correct one made before I could even ask. Now that's class. Many of the staff people work at both the Hawthorne store, which is inside Powells, and the Mississippi store so you get quality from both locations.The Mississippi store allows well behaved dogs inside which I think is awesome. The old Rexell drug store building is beautiful and was screaming to be made into a coffee shop 8 years ago before there were ANY businesses on Mississippi. And for the record The Fresh Pot was the first business to open on the street. It didn't follow the trend...it started the trend that made the neighborhood develop...(though I think the development could have stopped about 4 years back, but thats another review.)Of the three top coffee shops in Portland, The Fresh Pot is funkier than Albina Press (which is really, really good) and its WAY less pretentious than any of the Stumptown locations (which I now avoid at all costs) and it just feels good.I have to mention too that I've spotted a certain member of the band formerly known as Sleater-Kinney sipping a latte and surfing the web here, with her dog dozing at her feet.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2007,3/26/2008,25,33,13,10,9>I get distracted by shiny things easily.  And by shiny things I mean other people's conversations, cool tattoos, an usual cloud formation, high heels of any kind, things that sparkle in the sun, bling rings that you get out of those quarter vending machines...you get the idea.  So a restaurant that encourages eavesdropping and makes rad leftover holders out of shiny foil pretty much sums up my idea of a fun dining experience.  And that's why people go to Montage, for the experience.  The food...ummm, I'm going to go with Decent (with a capital D).  Since it's Cajun, I was expecting a little more spice and a little more flavor.  But I honestly didn't care because I had a shiny foil flamingo to distract me.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2007,3/25/2008,35,130,4,9,5>Small child just told me that I have "beautiful mom hair." I'm not sure what that means (other than that my child is a total suck up), but my beautiful mom hair is all thanks to the lovely folks at Salon 77. I had a hair freak-out earlier this summer, went in for some color, got talked into thermal hair straightening instead by Nickol, blew half of my annual bonus getting said hair straightening, and never looked back.  Two months later, after I adjusted to my new hair texture and stopped doing a Vidal Sassoon-style hair flip whenever I saw a mirror - I broke away from my textbook Aveda elevated bob and got a choppy cut with long bangs from Lincoln. Two months after that (today), after I adjusted to my hair actually not traumatizing me on a daily basis, I finally went back to Nickol for some very subtle highlights, and my hair looks like it just got pampered at a classy spa at a beach resort somewhere. Salon 77 isn't cheap, but if you've got problem hair, go see these people. They'll fix you good.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,3/24/2008,29,56,4,7,6>Having only been in Portland for about 4 months and being a foodie is TOTALLY overwhelming at times!  Out of all my experiences so far, some have been a bit disappointing, some have been really good, and some have made me so exited that I wanted to jump up in the middle of my meal and yell at everybody, "DO YOU ALL HAVE ANY IDEA HOW AWESOME THIS PLACE IS?!?!?!"OK, so just for the record, I haven't done that yet, and I'll hopefully be able to contain myself during future dining experiences, but Andina definitely made me that happy and exited.Be prepared to spend some money if you want to get a well rounded experience.  But it will be oh so worth it.My favorite cocktail was honey-infused vodka shaken with guava nectar and a ruby port float with key lime zest and an anise-sugar rim.  Josh's was a gin martini made with muddled lime, cane sugar and cucumber.  OMG, YUM!Our four vegetarian tapas were delicious and filling, and included ingredients like hearts of palm, toasted squash seeds, roasted asparagus, yucca, key lime, and this creamy, hollandaise-like yellow sauce called aji amarillo.  Need I say it again?  OK,  YUM!!!:)Josh's dessert was creative and delicious, while mine was delicious and not so creative. (Hint:  the "semi-freddo" is just basically an espresso and chocolate mousse).  Our dessert drink was AMAZING.  It was a banana-infused rum made into a colada with vanilla rice milk and key lime, sprinkled with nutmeg!So, to sum up, the food is a 5.  If I could give the drinks a 10, I would.  I'm a sucker for creativity!  Oh yeah, and the live music on Sunday night  is very relaxing and romantic.  Great date place!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2008,3/23/2008,24,76,3,8,6>I stumbled upon Eastburn last night, and it was an amazing discovery. I immediately went downstairs, and was pleasantly surpised by what I saw: 2 Skeeball games. That sold the place for me. The only thing I wish they had was a dart board. That would have made the whole experience complete. I hung out there for hours with my friends and had a blast. Skeeball is a quarter a game, and I must have dropped at least $10 on that alone. The food was great, and so was the beer. They have about 6-8 beers on tap and about 25-30 different bottled beer. The prices seemed reasonable. I liked this place so much, I was debating on whether or not to review it because I don't want more people to know about it. Screw it. I highly recommend checking it out. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2008,3/22/2008,148,236,4,4,5>To call Beulahland a dive is like calling the north end of Paris a slum.  Yeah, it smells of dog shit and old laundry, but you haven't really experienced the city until you've wallowed in its seedy, gritty goodness.For the uninitiated, there are a few things you should know:1. It's the kind of bar people go out of their way to smoke in.  There is a non-smoking section, but you aren't going to get away from it entirely.  If bitching about cigarette smoke is your thing, keep walking.2.  Odds are good you'll wait for a drink.  It's not that the service is bad; in fact, nearly everyone I've interacted with has been super cool, but nothing about Beulahland is terribly fast.3.  The crowd is kick-ass eclectic.  You never know who you'll see here, which just adds to the overall vibe.  That said, if you prefer your bars safe and straight, head back to the suburbs.Okay.  If you're still here, then you've accepted the aforementioned conditions and you should be in pretty good shape.Beulahland has a solid selection of local craft beers, and the good ol' standbys as well.  The food menu is by no means extensive, and we're not talking haute cuisine, but it's pretty good for pub grub. As previous reviewers have mentioned, Beulahland has an arcane and stupid credit card policy.  Each time their staff explains the reason for their policy, I become more baffled.  My advice?  Use their ATM and don't ask questions.Whether you're looking to kill time before catching a flick at the Laurelhurst Theater, or weighing anchor for a night of cocktails and conversation, Beulahland pulls its weight.  Get thee to one of their barstools and wallow in its seedy, gritty goodness.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2008,3/21/2008,52,122,4,4,4>Woooooooooo hoooo! ?Por Que No? is as close to Chicago Mexican dishes as I can get. The tacos are savory and filling, they sell horchata which is sweet and a delight to drink on a hot summer day. The atmosphere is huge even though the restaurant is tiny, the staff friendly and the service quick. I recommend ordering by phone and picking up your meal to eat at home only because the seating is limited but that's great because it means the food is good. Best for lunch ^__^
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,3/20/2008,192,650,8,13,7>You guys, its Aveda.  No, I don't think you understand: AHH-VAY-DUH!And its awesome. The space is huge with high ceilings, its very open and welcoming.  The hot tea they bring you the second you walk in is to die for (yes they sell it). Whatever service you choose, you'll be showered in amazing Aveda products.  The smell alone makes me swoon, not to mention they are cruelty free and pretty much chemical free.The people are very friendly and *most importantly* they got me in on the same day.  I am totally that girl that can't keep an appointment if its five weeks in advance. I just can't, my schedule doesn't allow it.  So I am constantly looking for quality places to stop into for services. There is one thing you should know though. This location is a school, which means two things:1) You will have a "teacher" stopping in on your service at least once, maybe twice to check that things are going how you want them. 2) The pricing is FAR less expensive than an Aveda Salon - or any other salon in town for that matter. Did you hear me? The prices are less than half of a normal salon here. I don't know that I'd trust newbies to cut my luscious locks (bang trim, sure) but this is totally my new mani-pedi spot!So do you get it now?**Minus one star since parking the pee-earl is a beeotch. Get a parking lot people - validate!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2008,11/29/2008,20,4,10,13,15>Saturday night in Portland, Oregon. What to do? What to do? My friends and I had planned on attending the Mortified event at the Someday Lounge, but by the time the massive line dwindled down to us, the show was sold out. It had already taken 15 minutes to find a parking spot, so in lieu of driving somewhere we decided to trot on over to Saucebox for some food and drink. About 20 minutes (and one drink and appetizer) later we had experienced enough of the too-loud tunes, extremely slow service and overabundance of 21 year old bleach blonde, fake-boobed patrons. So we decided to go the polar opposite and have a drink at the Benson Hotel while plotting our next move.That next move turned out to be an entertainment goldmine called Voicebox--the newest drink and sing joint to hit Rose City...and the only one that features Korean style karaoke!They supply your group with your own room (I think they have a total of 4 rooms. 3 are ample enough to fit 8 comfortably while a larger room looked as if it could easily fit 20) with two microphones, a book of choices (by song title or by artist) and a remote control. You simply choose your song, program it into the TV with the remote, build your song menu and start your really awesome interpretation of Sweet Caroline or your horrible, not-even-dogs-are-happy-with-your-pitch version of I will Always Love You.Drinks of sake, beer and wine flow freely so be sure to keep the remote out of the hands of anyone who can't handle the responsibility; as you can rewind, fast forward or even delete your groups choices...and no one...I mean no one should ever be free to delete Flashdance by Irene Cara. It is a karaoke classic and should be respected. My drunk friends deleted it 4 times, so when closing came at 2:30, it was a song that had yet to be sung. Bastards! Which means that on our next visit, I will program it in as every third song in which to torture them with.Cons: The song list could use some pumping up (they didn't have Islands in the Stream...whaaaat?) and they did have some issues with the end of the night billing, but they are a new establishment and the opening weekend kinks are expected and excused.Voicebox 2112 NW Hoyt StPortland, OR 97210(503) 303-8220HoursTue-Fri 4:00 p.m.-2:30 a.m. Sat-Sun 1:00 p.m.-2:30 a.m.Reservations recommended.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2008,11/28/2008,52,39,3,6,4>How sad are Portlanders that Tacqueria Nueve closed its doors?  Very sad, but possibly perked up by the presence of Fonda Rosa nearby.  After a season of darkness in the space that was once so lively, a new restaurant has filled in the void.Tapalaya is supposed to be the fusion of the Spanish idea of small plates and Creole food.  Get it?  Tapas and jambalaya?  Tapalaya?  Yeah...I don't like the name either.  But anyway, it's more about the food than the name.My boyfriend and I live in the neighborhood and thought we'd drop in on a Wednesday night and try it out.  We ordered:a beera glass of winemeat piescatfish with hominygumboportobello friesmuffaletta slidersEverything we ordered was tasty and came out pretty fast.  Nothing was so good that my head exploded but everything was very good.  The presentation was very nice as well.  The waitress was very nice and we never felt rushed when ordering or when lingering after dinner.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,11/27/2008,80,286,13,12,14>RSBBQ, how do I love thee? Let me count the ways...1. Succulent baby back ribs, perfectly sauced, excellently portioned. And served with a Giant Wet Nap.2. A side of candied yams. It was like summer BBQ meets holiday yums. I meant to say yums.3. Side of slaw, tangy and sweet. Substantial shreds of various cabbages.4. Cornbread with plenty of butter. The bread was a bit dry, but it sopped up the sauce like a champ.1. The Donkey comes to Town drink special. Makers, muddled cherries, ginger beer. Wow. And the fabulous bartender that gave DK and I an extra cup of cherries to eat. That's how we do. This ties for my #1, because I had this first, and it blew my mind.(Drink name alternatives: Donkey Punch you in the Face -MP, Donkey Show in Mexico -DK)Just a tip though RSBBQ, please start taking reservations. Our party of 12 had an hour and 15 wait. But I'm coming back, bringing the hombre, and whomever else loves to grub on bitchin BBQ.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2008,11/26/2008,113,108,6,13,9>Mmmmm! Thick-cut potatoey fries topped with melted shredded cheese and pieces of bacon - no, not cheese sauce and bacon bits or bacon crumbles - real cheese (at least two kinds) and real bacon (cooked slices that were then broken up just a little and piled on)!! Yum!Happy hour portions were generous and prices were small, just as a happy hour should be, right?So, the happy hour bacon cheese fries made my night! Well, that and seeing a pretty good Blazers game (finally a good look at Oden!) with great company. The TV was large and set up high where it seemed most of the dining room could see it. Luckily our dining companions had scoped out a nice table in the middle of the room so our seating was great! Thanks, guys!!Our server was good. We were wanting for nothing until the end of the night when we were ready to leave. I think we can chalk it up to the mass exodus of basketball fans after the Blazers lost, though, so not really her fault? She was great about splitting the check - she didn't make us feel like it was a hassle and she was quick and gracious about it. I did like that when I ordered a Coke she asked if RC was okay. She kept my glass full for most of the night which was very nice!Weird that Stella Artois was one of their seasonal beers on tap. But nice of the server to mention that there was an additional charge for it.It wasn't too smokey while we were there, but I can't wait until January when smoke will not be an issue any more! I'm excited to come back and try some of their other happy hour offerings... along with more bacon cheese fries!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,11/25/2008,71,113,16,24,21>Holy mother of sugar cane!  Guinness cupcakes!  I passed some around the office for tasting, and it was unanimously agreed: we had all just shared the world's most perfect cupcake.Like the name implies, this little cart is small and sweet and phenomenally cute!  They just opened today, and already I am a devotee.  How could I not be when they oh-so-lovingly hand stamp my to-go boxes with little red hearts, or when they suggest to me as they place a dollop of fresh lemon curd on my almond cupcake that this one really is better heated up just a little?The menu is bigger than their name implies, offering up tantalizing breakfast, lunch, and pre-dinner-desserts such as the brangelina muffin, roasted portabella paninis, and oh yes: the "Highway to Heaven:" a chocolate buttermilk cupcake with salted caramel filling, topped with chocolate ganache.  Upon passing around a sampling of the fresh fruit coffee cake, one taster declared: "Not gonna lie.  This coffee cake? I'm pretty sure cured my cold."Mystical properties of healing folks, condensed into delicious sugar form.  For reals.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2008,11/24/2008,104,175,4,11,10>I almost cried upon entering. The differences between this place and the shelter in my last town of residence are astonishing.It's clean! The animals look happy, healthy, and well cared for! It's bright! The people working there aren't surly!The two lovely cats with whom I share a household were both adopted here. Both times my roommate and I were clearly informed of their medical history and given ample time to snuggle our prospective cats before being totally won over by our respective balls of fur. My 16 pound, 3 year old Siamese thanks you for keeping him plump and happy, but I think he prefers the foot of my bed (or directly on top of my head) to the Cattery.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,11/23/2008,56,185,4,5,8>As a woman, most auto parts stores make me feel.. I don't know, maybe less than par or lower on the ladder than say, A man.  They either completely ignore me or treat me with a huff and sigh because I didn't know off the top of my head what liter engine I have.That's why I LOVE Clackamas Auto parts. They always treat me with respect, ask how I'm doing, come out and look at my car if necessary, and help me figure out what I need. Then they always offer me about 3 different price range and quality of parts. It seems that ALL auto parts stores sell you the wrong part the first time and you have to turn around and drive clear back. Well, CAP hardly ever sells me the wrong part and even if they did, they are close enough to return it without a lot of time, traffic and hassle.Sometimes they may not have the cheapest price, but it's because they aren't a huge chain buying everything in bulk. They're the little guy, that's managed to stay in business for over 50 years directly across the street from a National chain store.  Go in and meet Carl, Art, Jerry, or whoever may be behind the counter. They are ALL wonderful guys.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,11/22/2008,47,37,6,7,6>Move over, Dollar Tree!  I now know the proper place to spend my Washingtons.  $1 for a glass of PBR on Tuesdays at North Bar!!!!!!!!!!!!!North gets crowded on the weekends.  Parking isn't too much of a problem; you have to park on the street, but there's plenty of room along 50th on the south side of Division.  Me? I can see the bar from my sidewalk; I needn't be bothered with such things.The bartender was nice to us, and the patrons didn't blip too much on my douche-dar.  There's a pool table and a jukebox.  The restroom is private, one person at a time, which I like.  It gets pretty crowded at North on the weekends, but I can always walk home and use my own bathroom if the lavatory queue is unbearable.  I'm so awesome (a la Romy and Michele: Does anyone need to make a call??  I have a cell phone!).and ONE EFFING DOLLAR FOR A PBR ON TUESDAYS.  Amen.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,11/21/2008,56,95,6,7,7>Yes, Yes Yes....This place is what I have been looking for all of my foodie life. Who cares about the wait, cause it is worth it. The portions are huge and not to mention carefully prepared, perfectly seasoned, and super delicious. They have great options for your animal loving friends too. If you go there I suggest you get the Pescado con Coco. It might well be the best fish dish I've had in my whole life. Honest...Also, if you are super hungry try the Maduros, which are the ripe plantains. You will want to lick your fingers and the plate.Best Cuban food, hands down!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,11/20/2008,126,2155,15,22,21>"Sail Forth- Steer for the deep waters only. Reckless O soul, exploring. I with thee and thou with me. For we are bound where mariner has not yet dared go. And we will risk the ship, ourselves, and all."-Walt WhitmanIt's impossible to suppress thoughts of travel and exploration within a bar titled, "North 45". If you're like me, old maps alone are enough to be lured in. Unfortunately, adventures as we know them historically are over. I'll never ride atop a train car cross-country like I might have been able to in the depression, enjoy a beer down-bar from Jack Kerouac at Vesuvio in San Francisco or witness an undiscovered land mass appear on next year's world map. North 45 gives me hope though, that someday, maybe someday, I might experience something comparable.North 45's Belgian beer list is not to be missed. If you order Budweiser here, you're doing yourself a gross disservice. The food's great too.Unbeknownst to me until last night, just beyond the bathroom doors is an outdoor patio complete with an additional bar and plenty of picnic bench seating. I expect to spend quite a bit of time this summer perched in their back yard taking in the rays and wishing I had more than Saturday and Sunday to follow through on those travel plans. Come with me.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,8/24/2009,33,142,3,17,14>3 visits, 3 yummy meals, 3 great servers. I'd say that earns 5 stars.The first time I went to Pastini was for a meeting with my wedding planner. We took over a whole table for 2 hours, spread out our work, and found a place to put our food in amongst the mess. But it was worth the spot or two of cesear dressing that made it to my paperwork! Probably some of the best cesear I've had. And the sandwich was great. Fresh tomato, lots of cheese, and grilled perfectly. Our server never once made us feel like she was pushing us out the door, and even after we had paid and continued to sit there for another hour, she kept the ice tea coming! Talk about service! I tossed another couple of bucks on the table on our way out...The other two times were for a quick dinner with the hubby. The place wasn't super busy either time, so we were sat quickly and had the server at our table taking our drink orders quickly. Same server and same meal both times, so I'll just talk about them together. I got this pasta dish with chicken in a cream sauce. Sorry, I don't remember what its called, but its very good. Chicken wasn't cardboard over cooked like tends to happen in that kind of dish, pasta was al dente, and it had plenty of cheese. The server was friendly both times and made sure we got everything we needed quickly.Awesome place! If you haven't tried it, you should. You just might like it! :)
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,8/23/2009,161,226,13,18,16>Now this is just the type of wonderfully restrained, yet indulgent little shop that gets me goin'.Nationale is pretty damn delightful.  It's full ("full" being relative because seriously, the store is pretty sparse) of little french goodies like soaps and candies, as well as hand-picked vintage dishes, ties, scarves, and purses.  There are some books and magazines, records, and other trinkety wonders that you probably ought not live without, if you're wise and prudent.There's also various little collections of art pieces from local artists that are totally awesome and interesting and that I want all of (for the record).Seriously, you should go here.  I can't imagine there's even enough merch to sell to pay the rent, but I'm pretty sure that's what's so damn wonderful about it. Darling! Visit!
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,8/22/2009,73,142,14,7,13>I think that Jesusito means "little Jesus," I'm most likely wrong, but it sounds cool to say 'I'm heading down to the Little Jesus to get some Dos Equis! Do you want a Bimbo?"  Bimbo is like the Hostess of the Spanish world, I picked up a Bimbolete and a strawberry ice cream popcicle.  They can cambrio su dinero, sell you phone cards, sell you a Cricket phone, 20lb bags of rice, beer, and Mexican spices.  It looks like they have an area in the back to cook a bit of food, but it looks unfinished and unused.I think, not sure, they are open until about 10 pm.
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,8/21/2009,66,161,9,12,11>This is becoming one of my weekly staples it seems...or this week I was able to enjoy it twice. You can never go wrong with a stumptown latte, especially when it is made with love! The more I come in here, the more I want to try! They make their own pies, muffins, bars, sandwiches, etc. I have only tried two different kinds of pie and will thoroughly enjoy trying others. Oh yeah, they also have nice boozey concoctions. Just thought I would throw that in there...It is a little shop with seating close together (with some outside when it gets nice out). If it gets super busy then you also have the line snaking through those close tables. It's time to get friendly...but it's worth it for that delicious latte and pie!
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,8/20/2009,110,167,10,6,7>As soon as I regain my vision from my diabetic comma, I'm going to finish this review.....Ok, there we go.I think they should change they're name to "Fat Guy Heaven". Do you like to dip, or "accidentally" get, your bacon into your pancake syrup? Of course you do! Voodoo has taken in one step further. They put bacon on top on maple bars. GENIUS!I know I could stop this review there. That alone is WELL worth 5 stars, but they offer so many more doughnut options. Voodoo truly knows how to put the special into specialty doughnut. Imagine this... a doughnut with chocolate rice crispys, and peanut butter. Wait... don't imagine it. Just go pick yourself up a No Name from Voodoo!Voodoo has only let me down one time. I had a few friends from a touring band crash at my apartment. I thought I would treat them to some of Portland's finest. I got up at 5am to get some Voodoo before my friends had to take off. I drove out from Beaverton only to find a sign that they were sold out. Sold out at 5am on Sunday morning?! Isn't that against the doughnut shop code of conduct? Oh well. I forgive them.Now, if you'll excuse me... I need to go make some sweet sweet love to a Coco Puff Doughnut.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,8/19/2009,107,111,9,13,9>Approximate conversation yesterday between my significant other and me...Andy: Hey, guess what today is!Significant Other: March 28?AW: It's the one year anniversary of that time we went to that concert at the Aladdin!SO: Jose Gonzalez?AW: Yeah! We should totally celebrate!SO: Celebrate ... going to a concert... that wasn't really even that great... a year ago. What, do you want to go see a show somewhere?AW: Nah, not really. I was just thinking of a nice dinner out.SO: Oh, where do you want to go?AW: The Observatory. It's supposed to be flippin awesome. Don B. and Nader A. love it. Everyone's giving it 5 stars. And it's inexpensive, too.SO: I guess that sounds nice.[beat]SO: Was this all just an elaborate excuse to try some new place so you can review it tomorrow?Yes, I admit I have a problem. But whatever, who needs a reason to have a great, inexpensive night out, am I right?The Observatory is a quirky, nerdy, kind of mis-matched space. It's great. It actually reminds me a lot of another SE Stark Street favorite, Caldera, except all the decor is loosely associated with astronomy. It's very attractive, neat and tidy, but it doesn't exude the feeling of being thoroughly thought out by marketing professionals. I don't know, it's hard to describe. Let's say, if Paul Rudd were a restaurant, I think he could easily be the Observatory. Does that make any sense?The drinks? Strong and splendid. Splendidly strong. Strongdiddly splenda. I mighta hada littlem uch.The food is pretty basic, but delicious. The menu is relatively small, with only 6 or so entrees listed. I ordered the snapper, which was very nicely prepared, flavorful and buttery, with a potato pancake and warmed lettuce on the side. The folks at the table next to me were intrigued. The SO thoroughly enjoyed her veggie burger. We had plans to skip over to the Bipartisan for dessert, but decided instead on the crème brûlée. Good stuff.So, four stars, dude? Lemme 'splain. I'm totally sold, but I think they've got a little room for improvement. Number one, it can get pretty loud in there, and with their really wide tables, it was often pretty difficult for us to hear each other. Number two, as I mentioned earlier they might want to think about expanding their menu just a smidgen. There are only so many times I'm going to want to come back and order the same few items.But dang if those aren't some pretty minor complaints. Seriously, strong drinks, salad, delicious entrees and dessert for two for under $50? I don't know of another place where that's possible. Unreal! And perfectly suited to our current economic environment.So whether it's your grandparents' 58th wedding anniversary, or the fourth anniversary of your second cousin once removed's Bar Mitzvah, think up some lame excuse to go out for a nice dinner and hit the Observatory.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,8/18/2009,532,371,20,22,26>Ten seconds ago I observed the treasure within the warm plastic container.It's 1991, I'm 100 yards from my bus transfer point standing outside a small Japanese lunch window holding a steaming hot bowl of Oyako Donburi. We learned earlier in class that this dish was poetically named since "oya" meant parent and "ko" child.Five seconds ago I removed the lid releasing a plume of pleasing aroma.April 1993, I'm with my ojiisan (grandpa) stuffed comfortably into an Asakusa hole in the wall enjoying Tokyo's historic district by voraciously wolfing down beautiful tender pieces of chicken, onions, egg, and other ingredients simmered in a semi sweet flavorful broth served over perfectly prepared rice.  Three seconds ago I snap a picture of my much better half's meal.I'm in a small kitchen on the top floor of an old three story brick building in Ithaca (NY) preparing a goodbye Oyako Donburi lunch for a friend. It's February 1999 and in three days I would leave to return to Hawaii, my time at Cornell finished, my degree incomplete.  Two seconds ago I snap a picture of my own.It's fall 2007 and we're in Yamagen, a smallish Honolulu restaurant, having dinner with our friends Todd and Karen. We'd just helped them move into an apartment in Moilili and they've rewarded us with dinner, I'm eating exactly what you guessed. Now I adjust my chopsticks and dig in, it's...February 2009, only days earlier we finished helping Todd and Karen get settled in PDX. With a little free time I take the my much better half on a Samurai Bento|Spella|Slumdog date. Sitting on chairs inside the Galleria, I devour my wonderfully cooked bowl of Oyako Donburi as she slowly consumes her Katsu Don. The dash of togurashi bringing just enough heat to harmonize with the dish's already slightly salty sweetness. Here I find myself eating an elevated version of what has always been familiar.Sometime very soon, I have just finished busting out the noticeably nice wooden chopsticks, appreciated the food cart pricing, spoken with the chef about his theater show, reflected on how Hayao Miyazaki had been enthralled eating Pork Yakisoba there, and sipped my free cup of tea. Ready now, I open the lid, savor the smell, and plunge into my ridiculous rice bowl of chicken and egg topped goodness. Past. Present. Future. They all collide here. Some may say that I just visited Samurai Bento, I say "I've been coming for a while, and will be returning for a while more"shashin: yelp.com/biz_photos/dmBO
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,8/17/2009,184,343,15,10,14>Last time I had a meal on a school bus was probably in 5th grade, on a field trip to the Shaker Lakes Nature Center. It probably consisted of a warm Oscar Meyer bologna sandwich and a carton of "orange drink." Maybe some Shark Bites for good measure.However, I never dreamed of eating the Cheezus. Or the Jamie for that matter.
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,8/16/2009,76,28,9,7,5>OK, so I confess. I haven't had the Schnitzelwich (yet).Me, I had the Muenster sandwich. What can I say? I was drawn in by the thought of breaded (yes, breaded) and fried Muenster.What I got was what looked like a half pound of Muenster cheese, in a crispy breading.After just one bite, my Muensterwich started beckoning me to swim in its juicy core. It spread all over the paper wrapping, but I knew this was going to be a messy voyage when I embarked upon it. The woman even warned me.Silly woman, I knew exactly what I was getting myself into, and I was not disappointed.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,8/15/2009,43,106,5,5,5>SEXY.. SASSY.. ROMANTIC.. Makes me want to wear super high heels and do the Marinera Nortena! (Yes, I googled "Peruvian Dance." I was really thinking of The Salsa...umm, different region) And the food is amazing! Yes, I know there are just as many reviews for Andina as Voodoo Doughnuts, but this is one of my favorite restaurants in Portland. I took my best friend here for his birthday last year and he LOVED it as well. Our server was amazing and so helpful. He assisted us in picking out some great choices... We wanted to sample a little bit of everything so we opted for medium/small plates of tapas (you get 2 pieces on each plate for the small size) Yuca rellena - YUM. I will get this again next time. It's yuca stuffed with cheese, but the cheese wasn't too heavy. Empanadas Caseras de Carnes - OMG SO GOOD!!! I thought raisins+slow cooked beef + olives would be a weird combo, but I'm glad I took our waiter's suggestion... It was my favorite! Anticucho De Pulpo - Grilled octopus... It was OK. Kind of tough. Del Pescado Ceviche - I know this is the traditional dish of Peru, but I didn't really like it... I couldn't taste anything other than vinegar. Maybe they should have brought this out first. Ostras - Oysters. I LOVE oysters. I chose the west coast oysters (opposed to east coast). I asked the waiter what the difference was, and he didn't really know either. I chose west because I assumed it would be fresher. It was good! Paired good food with good wine. We also got the creme brulee trio on the house with birthday candles - that was really nice of them! You'd think that you wouldn't get full from appetizers, but it was filling. The place is huge with an upstairs/downstairs. The bar area is usually pretty loud with a band playing, but the dining area is quieter, yet still festive & comfortable -  I love the ambiance here! WOohoo for Andina!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2008,12/20/2008,42,63,6,8,8>If Trader Joe was single, I would marry him.  This place is going to save me in this depressive economy.  I love this place oh so much.  Let me list thee reasons why:  -they have phenomenal imported cheese for cheap-every canned thing tastes amazing-much of their food is organic-you can get actual TASTY prepared foodsI am sure there is more.  I am rarely disappointed in something I buy from here.  The only reason why they don't get five stars is because I am not always the biggest fan of their produce.  If I just want one avocado, it is not possible.  You have to buy 4 or 6.  This just doesn't work for me.  Other than that, kudos to the Joe.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,12/19/2008,16,55,7,11,9>Quite upscale and luxurious...to the point where I feel a little nervous going in because I'm a scrappy college kid :-P But they have a wonderful selection of high quality stuff, and though it seems a bit stuffy (in that usual upscale boutique sort of way) at first, the salespeople have always been friendly to me. And they wrap your yarn up all pretty!  It seems a little expensive but I haven't done any direct comparisons with the other shop, and I think it's just the classy atmosphere + the high quality yarns that make it seem pricier.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,12/18/2008,18,167,10,13,12>When the office-mates decided to take a company trip to the go kart track, I'll admit, I wasn't excited.  I practically had to be forced into my sexy helmet liner and helmet and then shoved out onto the track.  I also bumped into every single corner the first go around the track.  However, my small reserve of testosterone soon kicked in and I'll admit, these were the most funnest go karts i've ever been forced to drive around in.  SyKart has 30-35 mph cars for the regular drivers license holding crowd and some sort of "supa fast" car for the cool kids (i think you have to do an "advanced driving" school.)The staff were all great, and most accommodating of our crazy crowd, several of us have already been back.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,12/17/2008,143,448,11,10,9>Has anyone seen a board game lately?  I was surprised just how high and fancy games have gotten.  And this is a really cool place to go check them out.1st half is a store.  They sell Magick, War Hammer, and other things that would make a teenage boy hitting puberty excited.  But they also sell very complex very fun board games.THEN...in the space to the left there are big game tables.  There's a small cafe for hanging out.  There is also a Wii that you can rent time on.So if you're an adult looking for a game more challenging than Parcheesi....a Parent looking for a place to ditch the kids...or a kid looking for a new hobby I think this is the place to go.For my self it was a throwback as D&D was on the wall....and I dated myself to the staff there when I asked about Star Frontiers...and they didn't know what I was talking about.  All you nerds out there don't act like you don't know what I'm talking about...you know who you are.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,12/16/2008,457,356,6,10,9>Ok, now I feed kind of foolish for publishing a glowing recommendation of Noah's NY Bagels.  They are no where near the genuine thing like they have here at Kettleman's.I tried the White Rye and the Salt bagels and was momentarily transported to a higher plane of existence where bagels roam free range, government is smaller, bicycles and cars live in harmony and I-5 is two lanes wider.Noah's has a good bagel.  Kettleman's has the best bagel in Portland hands down!  Better prices too.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/29/2008,12/15/2008,53,263,28,18,19>"Man, I am so excited.  Anthony Bourdain *knows* his pizza!"[i'm going to have to eat my left foot just to keep from passing out.  the waitlist is 3 pages long!] "Uh, yeah, this is so cool."       "I can't believe you haven't eaten here before."[if that androgynous hipster kid elbows me in the kidney one more time i'm going to snap his little stick arms like kindling.] "Oh, you know, we just moved here and are getting to know the lay of the land."       "So what have you been doing with yourself?"[listen lady, that squishy thing you're stepping on is *not* a lump in the carpet, that's my foot under your size 40 Dansko clogs!]  "Oh, just settling in and getting caught up on my reading.  Walking the pooch and biking around town, R&R baby!"[can you be bored & ravenous at the same time?  i wonder if i could eat that guy's hemp backpack?  it might soak up the acid in my stomach before it perforates....]       "So were you able to find out about that cute baker?"[yes!  2 more groups have given up & bitten the dust!]  "Erm, you know, I'm pretty certain he's gay."       "But he's so hot!""Yeah, well you could always talk to him yourself instead of hiding behind me when we order."  [he's *so* gay.]**********************************[finally!  i feel like i'm the last person in a battle of attrition to see who's still touching the "free" car...it better not be a lemon.]     "Oh man, I love truffle oil!  What do you think, was it worth it?"[if i didn't have to wait 2 1/2 hours with the cast from Real World Berkeley, perhaps.  truffle oil on pizza that comes with cheese is sort of greasy overkill.]  "Mmph, ish ish good."
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2008,12/14/2008,61,93,5,10,5>I would give the place five stars but I was only there for drinks thus I only got a sample of what Lucier can do.... but let me just say, the experience was 6 Stars!We stopped by Lucier for drinks after a SPECTACULAR dinner at Beast and sat out on their lavishly furnished patio and watch the sunset over the Portland waterfront... very romantic.  The cocktail menu was creative but not bizarre and the prices were about average (maybe slightly higher but worth the extra dollar).  What was not average was the ambiance, the helpful and unpretentious wait staff, and the blankets they bring out to you when the wind picks up off the water.  The blankets capped the whole evening off.  Now this wasn't your Charlie Brown blanket by ANY means... I would throw up a seventh star just for the blanket... super plush, clean and oh-so-warm.The lovely waitress who served us up our drinks was so sweet and comped one of our drinks because it took MAYBE 15 minutes for it to arrive... now THATS service.  They say never judge a book by its cover but Lucier is all it appears to be.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,12/13/2008,426,1757,19,19,22>Do I have a Yelp sticker on my forehead?As the first stop on the 'special occasion' express, my group went to Belly Timber for cocktails.  When we started asking Bradley, Mixologist extraordinaire, about different drinks, he looked at me and said, "Well, that one is very popular on Yelp."  Doh!And the Yeeps were right... the Corpse Reviver # 2 is an excellent cocktail. For my second round, I asked him to make me whatever he felt like and he chose the Vesuvius. I probably wouldn't have selected it on my own and it was fizzy and delicious.  It was wonderful watching a master at his craft and someone who has thought out all the little details and made many of the ingredients in house.  And major bonus points for exchanging The Good, The Bad and The Ugly quotes with my husband along the way. I sampled the Beet Margarita (interesting and gotta love that extra vitamin c during cold-and-flu season), Lavendula and well, I kind of lost track at that point.  No food was consumed, so this is solely a review of the cocktails, which are served at a very small four-stool bar in a gorgeous Victorian house on Hawthorne.  Thanks again, Bradley, I know you're reading!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,12/12/2008,59,47,9,10,9>I love, love, love the Blue Moose.  So much that I probably don't venture to other places as much as I should.  It's a haul from my place in NW PDX, but totally worth it.Awesome soup - checkYummy burritos - checkAbility to order a side of avocado - checkPancakes that you can order ala carte - checkWait staff's ability to be nice to my Midwestern mother when she visits and asks questions such as, "Now how in the world do you make a pancake without any dairy?" or "What the heck is nutritional yeast?" - checkChocolate chip cookies that are almost as good as mine - checkI have my standard orders.  Cup of soup (depending on the soup that day) and a multigrain pancake.  Or if I'm really hungry, cup of soup and the small "Mideast Peace Platter" (hold the olives please).  Breakfast is the time for the breakfast burrito with black beans and potatoes and fat free sour cream.  I'm heading "home" to Detroit today where there's a Coney Island restaurant on every corner so I'm pretty geeked about that.  But I'll be detoxing from the nitrates at the Blue Moose when I get back to my new home in good old PDX.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2008,12/10/2008,152,351,15,16,20>"Pubs are no good unless you can be fairly certain you'll bump into a friend or two." - Polly Morgan, 28, Irish Taxidermist.I don't argue with the Irish. I don't argue with the taxidermist. By her criteria, Saraveza is indeed a good pub. Clearly the kind of place where neighbors pop round for a pint and a pasty.By my criteria, it's also a good pub. Warm, friendly, comfortable, great selection of beers, and reasonably-priced good food. There's a tv in the back for those that like, but it's far enough away for those that don't. They have Coke in the bottle too, and they keep it all in the coolest ancient refrigeration system I've ever seen, like a goddamn green Cadillac driving through the building.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2010,5/31/2010,145,218,7,12,12>KOLACHES!Yes they have em here.  I'm really in awe that there isn't a line out the door.  The owners are very nice and contribute to a neighborhood feel, calling you friend and thanking you over and over again.Ok.  I tried 3 flavors total.  The breakfast sausage, the Italian chicken  and the Nutella.  All were nice but I really prefer the Savory over the sweet.  The dough was perfect!  The prices were awkward to serving size, meaning you had to have 2 at least, some chips work as a side, not sure that they had them though.The paint is bright and the logo is cool, it comes available to go in punch-card form.  Who doesn't love a punchcard at their new favorite crave place!?
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,5/30/2010,36,146,12,11,11>This has to be my favorite Mexican restaurant.  We didn't go here for years, b/c quite honestly, it doesn't look like much from the outside...When we finally went, we were so sad to not have come sooner.  The food is great and the staff are friendly.I always get "Sonora the King of Enchiladas": 2 large enchiladas w/your choice of meat, covered in their homemade red and green sauces w/an over easy egg on top and rice on the side.  It's a very filling and satisfying meal.  The first time I had it, the egg was perhaps the most perfect over easy egg I'd had (solid white, very runny yolk).  They're always good about my "no beans" policy.The floutas are huge.  Our friend was very excited to see spicy pickled carrots on the tables.  They have an enormous list of drinks, too, if you need a spot for happy hour.  Oh, and the flan and fried ice cream are great.  I recommend honey as a topping for the ice cream.Don't make our mistake.... Get here sooner, rather than later!
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2010,5/29/2010,188,386,15,14,10>Namaste word arithmetic. You will have 5 minutes. Remember to show your work. Begin now.Plus one star for being Indian food in a city where it can be hard to come by.Plus one star for being a flat-priced all-you-can-eat buffet of Indian food in a city where it can be hard to come by.Minus one star for the part about being a buffet where some of the food (cough*cough*naan) gets a little too dry and crusty around the edges.Plus one star for being on the East side. Hey, I get to award stars for anything I want.Minus one star for being a little bit out of the way. See, it all evens out.Plus one star for the kind of service that leaves you alone to talk, but knows when you need a plate cleared.Plus one star for HOMEMADE MANGO ICE CREAM. On second thought, plus two stars for that.Please put down your pencils and hand your papers to the front.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2009,5/28/2010,64,120,16,15,13>This pizza ain't no joke.We went in last night, based on a number of recent, glowing reviews, including Danni's ROTD (that was the impetus) and, aside from someone waiting for a pie to take home, we were the only people there at 6pm. I'm going to derail my review for just a moment here. For those folks that are sooooooo concerned about the secret getting out about this place and wringing their hands at the prospect of it becoming so crowded with folks that they become inconvenienced, to you, I say "check yo'self, foo'." Mo' customers = mo' money = mo' profit = mo' viability! TELL PEOPLE ABOUT THE GLADSTONE unless, that is, you want it to go away? You don't want that. No, I'm telling you. You don't want that. Back to our show...the crust is divine, just as good as Apizza Scholls. It's very reminiscent of their pies, in fact. It just goes to show they do not have a mono-PIE-ly on good pizza. Having the Glad so relatively closeby may in fact cut into our patronage at AS. The only thing that AS might have on the Glad is the sauce has more flavor. I do wish Glad's was tangier. Minor quibble, though. The owners, John and Grace, were very friendly and accomodating. We told them we would tell folks we know about their food. They're good folks and they're putting a lot of care into their creations. Go. You'll be Gladstone you did.SPREAD THE WORD, yo.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,5/26/2010,148,236,11,20,14>What in the hell does Wy'East mean?  I think it means: Get your ass to this cart before it's in such demand that you're on a waiting list for a week. (Okay, Wy'East is actually the Multnomah tribe's name for Mount Hood.  Who knew?)This pizza is the genuine article.  Incredible toppings, perfect crust, and served up at an "only in Portland" food cart on a quiet block on 50th Ave.  During our chat with the proprieters, we found out that they initially anticipated about 15 pies per day.  That's right... 15.  I hope like hell that they're planning for additional capacity.  Once this little business takes off, they're going to be awfully busy.The menu is very simple, with fewer than 10 pies.  The upside of this low overhead operation is that the pizzas go for under $15 (cash only).  The total elapsed time from placing our order to being handed a beautiful brown box of goodness was about 10 minutes.  I dare you to find a high-quality pizza anywhere else in this town with that combination of speed and price.  The downside?  With this level of quality and buzz, this teeny little cart won't be able to keep up with growing demand forever.Go now.  You're going to want to say you knew them when.  I promise.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,5/25/2010,550,1055,23,26,20>Say it with me now, "Shabu Shabu!" "Shabu Shabu!" now repeat it twenty times. Hot Pot City pretty much is Hot Pot in The City. It's quite up there with Sex in The City. Both of them will satisfy you. You will be full of love story or sex story from Sex in The City. You will be full of yummy beef, fish, vegetables, chicken, pork, short ribs,tofus, and more from Hot Pot in The City. It will take you at least an hour or more to enjoy your meal at Hot Pot in The City. You cook your meat and vegetables in a hot boiling pot full of broth of your choice. Wait few minutes, take them out, dip them in sauces that you choose, and eat! All you can eat and it's only $8.45 for lunch. They serve fresh produce and meats. They rotate the selection when it's getting low. My family love this place and I can predict there will be more Hot Pot in The City family bonding time in the near future. Hot Pot in The City, boiling hot and taste oh so yummy.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,5/24/2010,171,101,28,12,13>There is nothing punny about bad puns.The same is true of Thai food.In a world of Punny Thai restaurants, shacks and stands, Pad Thai Kitchen seems kinda boring.No cute little pop culture reference for me like Lady Thai?No patronizing jokey title like Bow Tie?Not even the hip gem that is Thai Pod? (why?)HELL NAW. Pad Thai Kitchen doesn't have time for that SHIT.Pad Thai Kitchen wants to get down to business...and that business is being delicious and being in your mouth.Pad Thai Kitchen says "Baby, you don't need a damn To-Go menu like at all the other places!"Pad Thai Kitchen says "Baby you know what I got workin' for you. You want some Curry...get you some Curry, baby. Don't forget the Drunken Noodles, because you will be DAMN SORRY and I will not cry for you."Pad Thai Kitchen wants you to come hang out and be comfy in some big ass green vinyl booth seats and check out all the sexy bead curtains and statues your Ikea loving asses can handle.What? Pad Thai Kitchen forgot to make the fried rolls you ordered? NONSENSE.Pad Thai Kitchen will tell you that you NEED your rolls, even after you insist that you really don't...Pad Thai Kitchen wants you to leave happy... (btw it will not be the fried rolls that win you over here...i say skip them, but still Pad Thai Kitchen made sure you got those damn rolls before you left. Kudos.)Pad Thai Kitchen wants to be your one stop Thai shop, blowing your mind with proportion size while simultaneously rockin your fuzzy Christmas socks with fresh flavor. Get that Green Curry with Chicken. Mmmmm. A little more eggplant than is really necessary, but I'm a fan of the plant, so it works out for me. Also...and I cannot stress this enough...GET THE DRUNKEN NOODLES. GET THE DRUNKEN NOODLES. GET THE DRUNKEN NOODLES. They are good. Eat them.Spice is no stranger to Pad Thai Kitchen, but if you are looking for the SUPER HOT, I don't think it's gonna quite measure up. Pad Thai Kitchen is simple but good. Seriously just add some Sriracha and your golden. Pad Thai Kitchen understands.All in all, I trust Pad Thai Kitchen to be the meat and potatoes of the Thai world. An excellent choice when you want a good heaping pile of Thai that is guaranteed to be good.And Pad Thai Kitchen knows it too. Pad Thai Kitchen says "I don't need a fancy DAMN name! Tell Lady Thai to put on a Bow Thai and don't forget her Thai Pod before the Typhoon! Also tell them to suck it.Yeah. Suck it. Tell 'em I said so."Well played PTK... Well played.(also it should be noted that in my mind PTK has the voice of Mr. T...which makes no real sense and for that I am sorry.)
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,5/23/2010,52,136,6,7,8>What a great little place.  It probably used to be an apartment that was converted into a restaurant, so seating is limited.I'm not sure if this is authentic, but it sure is tasty. The dishes are not normally seen at Korean or Japanese places- and they change their menu weekly.  The dishes feel more homey, like asian soul food.  It reminds me of the little street food stands in Vietnam that has great small plates to sit, drink ,and talk what we call "nhau."  Too bad this place is only open until 9:30, it would be a great late night drinking/ eating spot.All of the dishes we ordered were so flavorful, and most spicy dishes had the perfect amount of heat.  The favorite of the evening was the Tan Tan- a spicy udon in a peanut meat sauce.    The braised pork belly was fork tender.  The dried marinated squid was unique and addicting. And the prices are great we had a group of four and ordered 3 entrees, and 5 or six small plates and the bill was only $39.00.Next time I'll order a beer to go with my meal to balance out the heat of the food.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,5/22/2010,38,82,8,13,10>I'm the sort of person that is naturally very skeptical and weary about trusting people (I'm also a little awkward at times, just ask her husband).  It is especially hard for me to relinquish control of a situation that I am invested in financially.  I think it's a carryover from my profession.What's cool about Hilary, is that she is one of those people you can't help but trust.  If Hilary has a superpower, it's probably her ability to create an amazing tofu lasagna, I mean her ability to make you feel comfortable with buying a home.  I had no problem with her running the show.  Hilary is an honest and hard worker.  If a home has issues, she has an inspector that will find the problems.  If you can't get a loan, she knows lending agents that work just as hard as she does.  If the other agent is going to play hardball, she can bat it out of the park.I firmly believe that when you buy a home, you want an agent who isn't solely invested in themselves and making a commission.  You want someone who is invested in you.  I can confidently say after my experience working with her, Hilary is that person.
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,5/21/2010,114,31,7,10,9>I'm surprised no one has reviewed this and also surprised that the majority of people I speak to about this park have never heard of it... it's a great park!Overlook Park is perched up on the hill above the Willamette River in North Portland with expansive views of downtown from almost any corner of the park. Not only are there spaces for baseball, basketball and soccer but there is a jogging track, tether ball pole and I think space for volleyball. Next to all the sporting fields is a large kids play area with swings, jungle gym, teeter totter, merry-go-round and more! There is also a large covered picnic area to keep you shaded during the hot summer days or dry during drizzly fall BBQs. If you are interested in reserving it for a big party, I think you can do so by contacting the Portland Parks & Rec office. Down further from the picnic area is a summer wading pool as well as an off leash dog park (not fenced). The dog park has poop bags and a water fountain near by... but bring your own water bowl.The hours of the park are from 5am to Midnight however most of the park is not all that well lit at night making me feel a little uncomfortable to walk around late at night.There are also several events which are held during the summer here -- the biggest probably being the Organic Brewers Festival. I just moved in a block away so I am MORE THAN EXCITED for this event to take place! You can bet there will be a little shindig at my house before/after.Overall... the park is great for families, sports fans, dog owners, sun bathers and possibly even some "adults" (read: 22 year olds... 27 year olds, in my case!) looking for some late night drunky drunk fun on the merry-go-round and teeter totters! Go easy on the spinning though! Don't say I didn't warn ya!Only reason it gets 4 stars is because the dog area is not fenced. Fortunately, it IS off the main road and only near a quiet driveway into a parking lot. Most dogs tend to just stay on the lawn anyways, but if your dog has a tendency to run off... this may not be the best place to bring them. I've never seen more than 3 dogs here (including mine) at once but I've only been going for the past couple fall/winter months. I imagine it will be busier in warmer months.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2007,2/26/2008,93,278,5,7,7>Yes that's right, five stars.  First off, I'm a SUCKER for a tiki bar.  Even the ones that utterly bite have a leg up over a sterile neo-industrial martini joint in my book.  Second, it's obvious that the owner of this place shares my unequivocal love of all that is tiki.  If it were possible to overdo decor of a tiki bar -- and I'm not saying that it is possible -- this guy would over do.  In a place the size of my old garage he has a completely thatched ceiling, a friggin' outrigger canoe over the bar and at least five tiki head statues, not to mention glowing colored puffer fish lights and a good dozen velvet paintings.  The incredible thing is, with all that it still is tasteful.Okay, so down to biz: from 5 to 6:30, Tuesday to Saturday, the Mai Tais are $5 and they are not to be dismissed.  Trader Vic's refugees, this may be as close as you will find to that ambrosia that we knew in the glory days at the Benson.  Y'all can find your dollar PBRs elsewhere, this is a rum drink that means to kick your ass.  Match that with a pu-pu platter for four and you're looking a nice bit of food & serious drink for what you could spend on burritos and beer someplace else.  And let me just say when you walk over that bridge you are 'someplace else'.  Bali Hai or Hanalei, but certainly not NE Portland.  The remarkable transmogrification from rainy 21st century to tropical 1950's is completed with a brilliant soundtrack of classics from Ella to Frank and beyond.I'll be having my mail forwarded to this address because I don't plan on being anywhere else until April.  Kudos  to Thatch.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,2/25/2008,19,48,1,10,2>2nd best way to travel...Tips-1) get your tickets in advance, as seats are limited and the sooner you get them the cheaper they will be.  The train almost always fills up on the weekends2) get there early, and wait close to where they let you on the boarding platform.  This will determine you're seated, and you have a better selection of seat (isle/window seat)3) bring a laptop, there's a power outlet you can plug into4) bring a pillow...makes sleeping easier
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2007,2/23/2008,45,221,13,3,2>OK, money-wise, I don't get it because I just know that it went *way* over budget and seemed kind of silly just to go up to the hospital, but as a tourist attraction, this is worth doing at least once because the view of Portland is unparalleled, period. It was easy enough to take the streetcar (another thorn in some sides, apparently) to Gibbs right to the tram, and for one round-trip once of my life (or until the next time people visit me from out of town) at $4.00, it wasn't too bad. The views while on the tram are just incredible. The little dippy-do-swingy-thingy at one point was a little more excitement than I personally care for at that height, but at least I was ready for it on the way back. Why we and so many others all squatted down when it happened, as if that would save us, is beyond me, but that's what happened. At least at the hospital there could be drugs and a place to change your pants if needed. The view from the hospital, and even that area of the hospital itself, were really just plain pretty and worth a peek,  even with the $4.00 and the scary moment headed up there.Update: I almost forgot the most important thing! Do *not* use the bathrooms at the bottom of the ride (or whatever that end is called that is not the actual hospital). Here is what happened. My friend and I each went into the unisex bathrooms located inside the building, and they were very high tech to the point that it was difficult to close the door. Once closed, it sounded like it might have locked, but there wasn't an indication that this was the case (I looked, but was kind of in a hurry, so might have missed it), so I tried locking it manually and thought maybe I had. Again, no indication, so no confidence, but really, really needed to go. Some innocent guy whose face I never saw apparently needed to use the bathroom and first walked in on my friend, who apparently had similar door lock confusion but was relatively quiet about the whole thing. Then the poor bastard walked in on me, and I was not quiet but instead ran forward with pants around ankles while pulling them up and lunging at the door shrieking "NO!" The guy was probably one of those on the tram with us taking his chances at the top if he didn't wet himself during the bump (didn't see any wet crotches, but I wasn't really looking, either). You've been warned.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,2/22/2008,23,0,8,9,8>Hello, Bye and Bye.  Vegan food, full bar, ingeniously laid-out, sizable fenced-in patio, tons of interior space, lots of bike parking, nice design...What more could you ask for?  OH, I know what more!  Cute boys with track bikes...and yes, there are plenty of them around, too.Delicious vegan meatball sub sandwiches with a stiff drink, served by a painfully handsome bartender?  I'm a happy camper.p.s. There's a free public wifi connection there, or nearby.  I am the only person I've ever seen there with a laptop, though.  I are so nerd.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,2/21/2008,426,1757,8,18,12>Yummy, yummy, yummy I've got lamb in my tummy.Sometimes five stars just aren't enough.  This restaurant just opened in late January in a new commercial center behind Fry's and across from Town Center Park.  For months I've been driving by anxiously waiting for it to open.  Wilsonville really needs a place like this.I had high expectations and they were all exceeded when I walked in the door.  I was greeted warmly by the owner, Abdellah, and seated immediately.  The decor is stunning - deep rich blues, reds and golds, a large ceramic tile fountain dominates one wall and henna lamps (all unique) abound.  All of the decor was either handmade especially for the restaurant or is an antique.  The wood tables and glassware are beautiful and they serve their Moroccan mint tea from a silver pot into small blue glasses.  It is clear that every detail was thought out and beautifully executed.I arrived around 11:30a on a Monday and was the first diner.  My first fear was that oh no, no one knows about this place and it will close due to lack of business.  I have no need to worry, because by the time I left almost all of the 14 or so tables were full with the Wilsonville lunch crowd.  The food was wonderful.  I started with a Pomegranite lemondate served in tall glass with whipped cream and drizzled with syrup.  All tables are given homemade hummus and warm pita bread as well as soup to start their meal at lunch.  The lunch menu features kabobs and I decided on the lamb.  I was having lunch with the parents and they had the beef kabob and gyro.  The meat in the gyro is Kepta (2/3 beef and 1/3 lamb) and all of the meat they serve is organic.  Choice of sides, Mediterranean chop salad, saffron rice or couscous salad.  I had the chop salad and it was light and tasty.  All of the entrees were delicious.  It was just the right amount of food.  You feel full, but not stuffed.  My parents actually beat me to this restaurant and had dinner here last week.  They said at night the meals are served under cone covers and presented to the diner with a flourish.  They also had the special Casablanca fruit dessert (you have to pre-order because it takes 20 minutes to prepare) and raved about the light, flaky pastry and fruit with ice cream on top.  I also saw baklava on the menu and that would be hard for me to pass up.  I was pleasantly surprised to see a small Children's menu as well (mac and cheese, sliders, chicken strips), so the little one have options if they aren't adventurous. The only hitches today were in the service.  This is a brand new restaurant and I can't fathom all of the details that you need to work out.  While the decor and food were brilliantly executed and the serving staff were personable and attentive, it is clear they are still working out the kinks and need to get in the groove.  I asked a lot of questions since it was my first time at the restaurant and the staff had to go and ask the chef (the wife in this family run business) for the answers.  There were also a few missteps in serving.  But, I believe in cutting some slack when the service is well intentioned and will clearly improve in time.  If you are anywhere near Wilsonville, I highly recommend you give this place a try.  Hours are posted on their lovely web site that talks in more detail about their history and vision for the restaurant.  The translation for "Dar Essalam" means "house of peace, house of tranquility."  It really is an oasis in downtown Wilsonville.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2008,2/19/2008,222,561,7,8,9>Talk about an awesome event! The wine was flowin' from the bottles at this one.For my first time with the Yelp squad, I was very impressed. I'd seen photos from past events, and knew that they looked like loads of fun.First and foremost, I was really excited to actually meet some of the people who author the reviews that I read. It was so cool that I was met with hugs and awesome conversation. Thanks for letting me meet you! Everyone was so nice and definitely made me feel comfortable in the crowd.And kudos to whoever conceptualized this event. What a great idea to mix chocolate and wine, two things I LOVE. And you weren't joking when you said they were expertly paired. Granted, I ate so many chocolates I felt sick, but they were so delicious! In my opinion, the cinnamon-covered Mayan chocolates were the best...smooth and not overwhelmingly rich, and surprisingly amazing with a sweet dessert wine.Also, kudos for the swag grabs...that lip balm smells SO good (and it's really moisturizing!), and the bar that my +1 and I went to afterward was left a "You've Been Yelped" card. :)Thanks for an awesome evening! I'm looking forward to the next event.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2007,2/18/2008,30,512,6,12,8>Unless you are making a point to seek out Frank Kidd's lifelong collection of antique toys, you would never notice the unassuming paper sign taped to a windowless building on Grand Ave.  The museum hours are officially M-F 12-6, but "if you knock and we look out at you and we open the door, then we're open," so try your luck or call ahead; we caught them open on a Saturday evening and had the place to ourselves.  I anticipated an extensive collection of toys both old and new, but to my delight the assortment was predominately antique and cast iron, with hardly a speck of the new plastic manufacturing of modern toys.  The Kidd museum organizes their loot thematically with entire cases dedicated to locks and keys, another for locomotives, and still another to frightening teddy bears.  Above all, though, the selection, detail, and quality of their enormous cast-iron mechanical bank collection is amazing.  Do be prepared for racist toys, however; there was a whole corner filled with "Greedy Nigger Banks" and similar bigoted caricatures immortalized in iron.  With this said, the Kidd collection seems to suggest that one could track the movement of history through the toys that we play with--from the racist relics to the WWII era toys that announce "Hell! Hitler" and to today's Barbies, there is a hidden time-capsule quality to be grappled with.  Oh, and this place is FREE so there's no reason NOT to check out this tiny local museum!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2007,2/17/2008,71,113,8,6,8>Zell's is like that one friend everyone has - the friend that, the morning after a night of willfully excessive alcohol consumption, is the only one to miraculously have avoided a hangover.  And while everyone else is staggering to their feet, holding their miserable heads and grasping blindly for aspirin, they're the friend  that has thoughtfully made a pot of coffee and a plate of toast, and helps you look for your cell phone in the back yard.To get even more warm & fuzzy, Zell's is a little spot o'sunshine on the dreariest, wettest, coldest of Portland mornings.  Their chorizo gravy is ama-zing, as are their delightful tiny scones, their super filling pancakes, and their mouthgasm-inducing potatoes.  Oh my GOD, the potatoes... if I happen to order a dish that does not come with a side of these babies, I consider it my due right to steal some off a friend's plate.  And the staff? These guys are the embodiment of a big, cheesy, post-hangover group hug.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2007,2/16/2008,80,286,8,8,8>When my fiance and I get hungry we get growly, fiesty, and occasioanally cast spurious remarks under our breaths at each other.  We had attempted Kens Artisan Pizza at 5:30 - packed with a line, so we doubled back and hit this place up. I believe the best choice had then been made.We were seated super quick in the back. The lights from the Christmas tree twinkled down upon our ravenous mouths as we were greeted by our friendly waiter who was quick and informative with the order getting. We got the cheese plate starter (and had to pay for the bread?!) but the cheese was a varied and tasty selection. For the main course I had the Hanger steak with polenta, so good! The steak was medium rare, the polenta with au jus was creamy and the bread sucked it up wonderfully.  My significant other, who I was liking more and had become more attractive ordered the lamb special. I don't usually like lamb (think Lisa Simpson) but good night, that lamb was delish. Cooked in such a way that it was butterflied, sautee'd, re-rolled in it's fat, and roasted. A decent selection of wine, and PNWy special desserts to tempt your palate. Maybe it was the timing, maybe it was the stark hunger, but this place was a definate 5 stars. The portions were a bit on the small side, but the price reflects that. I can see it getting busy in primetime, but a wait is worth it. Ahh, so friendly to a pair of jackals.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,2/14/2008,78,211,6,7,8>SuperDogDupular.  I love Lucky Lab.  It's a big friggin warehouse, nothing special, the food selection kinda bites except for a few choice options others have mentioned, but the beer is tasty and cold, it is a great 100% come as you are laid back Portland kind of place, and it gets an added star for being dog friendly.  Ride your sweaty self over on a bike and just chill out and relax.  Nice.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2011,9/9/2011,107,111,12,14,8>Ah, the spin-off.For about as long as the world has had people, it has also had spin-offs: the Carthaginian Empire was a spin-off of the Phoenician; in film and television, there's "Joey," "Frasier," and "Ewoks: the Battle for Endor;" and religions, too, like Christianity, Seventh Day Adventism, and Family Radio.The Burgatroyd spin-off is particularly storied because it is a spin-off of Garden State, formerly named Garden State North, which was itself a spin-off of the original Garden State, in whose cart Burgatroyd currently resides. Whew!So I'll pose a question, Abed-style, about the future of Burgatroyd: will it follow the path of "The Colbert Report," which has coexisted alongside "The Daily Show" for years; will it prove to have been a massive miscalculation like "A Very Wookiee Christmas;" or will it become so popular that it actually forces the original out of business, like "Xena: Warrior Princess" eventually did to "Hercules: The Legendary Journeys"?Right now my guess (and my hope) is for the Report/Daily Show scenario, but I think a more Xena-like outcome is also a possibility. (Update: Garden State is now closed; Xena wins.)Burgatroyd is a spin-off what had been Garden State's most acclaimed product, the burger (yelp.com/biz/garden-stat). Burgatroyd allows the customer to choose what goes with the 6 oz patty and presents a daily special of seasonal accoutrements. The result is very much reliant on the whims of the customer. Fortunately, the Garden State burger is still available (correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe you just add pickles, roasted tomatoes, aioli and pancetta). For my part, I'm nearly always wholly satisfied with either the special or my own creation.What I'm not satisfied with is the burgafries. Sometimes they're good, but sometimes they're a soggy mess, with a fair proportion of them undercooked. Booooo.Of course, the fry failure might well be intentional -- they could be going for the original/spin-off cross-over to keep you interested in both carts, like the plot in an episode of "Angel" being vital to the overall storyline on "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" -- get your burger at the 'Troyd, and get your side of trusty risotto balls at the 'State. Indeed, a burger and risotto balls go together like Buffy and Angel.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2011,9/8/2011,400,884,4,11,10>No way! Impossible! My co-worker placed our delivery order with Beaverton Sub Station and had just hung up the phone--it had to be less than 10 minutes--when our receptionist buzzed me that the guy was in the lobby with the food already.The dude makes his deliveries by bike. The place is close to our office, but I don't think I could drive over there any faster than that. Awesome service.These folks also catered a big lunch meeting in our office recently. Flawless. The meeting organizer first tried to place the order with Jimmy Johns, but they weren't willing to accommodate some of our needs. Beaverton Sub Station appreciates our business and it shows. They never let us down.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,9/7/2011,148,236,15,11,9>Dandy?  Yeah, that just about gets it right... Jim dandy.You see, somewhere around 2002 I developed a mild allergy to children.  In my part of Portland, this really isn't much of a problem.  Incidental exposure to kids doesn't cause much trouble, so as long as I stay away from schools and playgrounds, I'm fine (no, I'm not legally required to stay away, thank you.)When Cortney R. suggested a visit to Slappy C's this morning, I got a bit of a cough at just the thought of a breakfast place crawling with kids.  Like it or not, the siren song of pancakes was too much to resist, so I took a Zyrtec and made for Belmont.Sorry for the back story, but I think context is pretty important when I tell you how much FUN we had at breakfast!  Yes, there were kids everywhere, but a mimosa cures all, and we were too busy making blueberry pancakes to care.  The menu is way more comprehensive than I planned on, and the decor transported me back to the schlocky 70's pancake houses of my childhood, but without all the linoleum.Everybody's food was awesome.  We ordered the chicken fried bacon on a lark, but were a little disappointed in the product.  I think somebody got a little overzealous with the smokiness and it covered the taste of pig completely.Finally, this place has the best looking staff in the city.  I think they shot the Portland Timbers billboards here one morning before work.  Nice work, management.I had a blast, and I'd do it again.  Still, I'm not having kids.  Ever.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,9/6/2011,265,215,8,15,9>I came here for my birthday dinner with my pal Lid C and we weren't very hungry, so we just shared one or two things:PotstickersSpring RollsHot Noodle Vegetable SoupOrange ChickenBeef with BroccoliWhite and Brown RiceHot TeaUm, yeah. We pretty much ordered enough food for six people. We are gluttons. Happy Happy gluttons.I hadn't been here since they first opened over a year ago. It was empty for dinner, which sucked because their food really is good and I have a feeling if they were centrally located they'd be a whole lot busier. The stand out of the meal was definitely and surprisingly the Beef Broccoli. It was tangy and the sauce was garlicky and kind of sweet and the broccoli and carrots were tender and just a bit crispy. The orange chicken, which was my favorite the last time, tasted plainer this time. Basically big soy nuggets coated in chili peppers and orange sauce. So still good, obviously, but it didn't have the nuances of the beef broccoli.Hot noodle vegetable soup was huge and stuffed with veggies. Mushrooms, bok choy, broccoli... the only thing missing was snow peas. Flavorful broth and deliciously chewy noodles.  It's definitely enough for one person's whole meal or two people to share.The pot stickers were clearly pan-fried and crispy on the outside with yummy mushy pot-sticker-type veggies on the inside. We had a plethora of sauces to add and each one worked well. Especially the spicy chili oil.The spring rolls were typical spring rolls. Spring rolls don't really do it for me, but they were good for what they were. Crispy deep fried sticks of asian veggies dipped in sweet and sour sauce.We drank hot tea and ate our weight in food. It won't surprise you to hear that we had tons of leftovers.I wish these guys were more central, because sometimes all you want is greasy delicious vegan chinese food (read: at least  five times a week) and you don't want to travel out to the burbs for it.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2011,9/5/2011,532,371,9,12,10>I spend all day steeping and brewing pots of "Tranquility," "Yoga Blend,"  and "Inner Peace." Occasionally this leads me to think I should start my own line of teas, work out a cheesy pun DBA like TEArreverent or InsaniTEA, and give them names like "Melancholy," "WMD," and "Inner Turmoil." But no, I won't be quitting my day job, instead I've contented myself with naming customer's requested blends."Dragonwell" + "Iron Goddess" = "Dragon Goddess""Cocoa Deluxe" + "Vanilla Black" = "Coconillasarus""Inner Peace" + "Gunpowder" = "War and Peace"Before working in a teahouse I really had no idea about tea (my experiences were limited to accidentally dropping a dim sum dumpling into my cup of over-steeped Chinese green tea and pouring cups of hot tea into my rice bowl to make Chazuke-the Japanese way to finish off leftover rice). What I've come to learn is that tea has every bit the depth, breadth, and history as wine, cheese, or coffee, with the added bonuses of affordable accessibility and ease of limitless creative blending (plus leaves can be re-steeped two or three times, each steeping releasing new flavors and nuances).  But where to get tea? And what teas to get?Sure there's pre-packed little bags at the supermarket or the evil corporate coffee empire, but if you want to really experience the wonders of tea (and in many cases pay less for a higher quality product) go looseleaf. Tea by the ounce is available at many fine restaurants, coffeeshops, and teahouses, but while some carefully guard their suppliers I'll happily devulge my secrets (as is my MO when writing). There are two awesome vendors that we source from, Foxfire and Jasmine Pearl Tea Merchants, both are local owned, organic, and staffed by ridiculously awesome people.While my fantasy tea shop would be some sort of gritty urban underground steampunk lair, I can appreciate the beautiful spa like oasis that Jasmine Pearl created in their NE 22nd Street space (located midway between Sandy Blvd and the Banefield). Few things are more delightful than spending an afternoon with Heather, Chuck, or Krista. Do it. Fun, informative conversation, chill vibe, and tea, lots and lots of amazing tea. Here's a few of my faves:Blacks: Darjeeling, Malty Assam, Golden Needle, Chaz Chai, Kenyan               Black, Cocoa Deluxe, Bombay Breakfast, & Amaretto SpiceGreens: Bancha, Tranquility, Mayucha SenchaHerbal (Caffeine Free): Yoga Blend, Dark Forest, Honey CupOolong: Ali-Shan, Iron Goddess (Tea Kuan Yin)White: Tangy GrapefruitPu-erh (aged black): Pu-erh QueenSo go, ask, get educated (types, amount, time, temperature, etc), pick up your paraphernalia (pots, strainers, etc), and definitely taste (and should you so choose, make up few tea names of your own). For a better view of the photos: pdxploration.com/2011/01
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,9/4/2011,126,2155,11,11,14>After a good show at the Hawthorne Theater last night the idea of Spold sounded really, really good. We rolled in around 11:45 on a Friday night. 11:45pm is a good time for late night places such as Montage -- Everyone who was there earlier is out getting hammered and the next big wave of people won't hit until 2:00am or after. We hit a nice, busy, yet not chaotic lull.Just as I suspected from the last review date, I haven't been here in almost two straight years. Strange. Montage was -the spot- when Yelp Portland was a 25 or less person venture. I think I was eating here at least once a week in those days.Things have changed, in more ways than one. Even Montage has loosened up its prior attitude-is-atmosphere ways. Perhaps it's due to the surrounding area's slow but sure transformation into Pearl District #2, or maybe they've got new management yet again. Whatever the case, Montage on Friday night was the most open and warm server experience I've ever had. And like I said, I used to hit this place up -a lot-. It felt like a restaurant. Imagine that.The menu has been rewritten and *gasp* you can actually read it. They've bumped up font size and used a more legible font. All the classics appear to still be there and it seems in some cases that prices have gone down. If I remember correctly, Spold was in the $9-10 range, now it's listed for $7.XX. Maybe the addition of chicken bumps it back up, I dunno.  They've got Mexican coke on the menu now. Your server asks how you're doing tonight, the water guy makes small conversation, people come by to politely ask if you would like your plates cleared. Servers smile often. Who are you and what have you done to the Montage I knew and loved? Oh, and perhaps the biggest improvement is that they now state on the menu that a whopping 3 credit cards will be accepted per table. That's better than the 2 it used to be.I feel like the portion sizes have shrunk a little bit, but maybe that's just the bowl size. Maybe they were losing their ass in aluminum foil costs wrapping up everyone's last three bites. Then again, when you're not only eating late night, but eating a big ass bowl of carbs covered in cheese and mixed with chicken in a spicy cream sauce, perhaps a little less makes more sense. I forgot how good Spold is, and how much I still like this place that I've neglected for nearly 730 long days. I think the fire has been reignited.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,9/3/2011,162,144,21,11,8>Since I live a mere 2 blocks away from the artist formerly known as Nikki's Restaurant, and AB was in the area stalking Don B, I decided to meet up for a few drinks before trivia. I didn't know what horrors were to come, although in hindsight there was really no avoiding it (more on this later).So a little about the joint:The interior is bare bones and stripped down in a forced kind of way - but it works. There is a vintage feel to the place; dark, unpolished wood, smooth horseshoe bar, piano, and old books on the wall. Old West meets Hipster chique - perfect for an anachronistic old west enthusiast or the hipster scourge (since both sport dirty mustaches).The food and drink is more than adequate; I sampled the 4 cheese Mac n Cheese and the Cornbread/pepper butter as a combo - not to shabby. At the bar they had a seasonal sangria in bowls, and a drink called the Patsy(?) - both were passable.On to the horrors now (not related to the quality of the place):AB and AM were in the middle of a text battle of wits when I arrived. This battle of wits involved renaming all the bars/restaurants they could think of using the word Pony. This was the only rule, and of course I was invited in to hell to participate. Star Pony, My Father's Pony, Portland City Pony, Sandy Pony, Gold Dust Pony, and my personal favorite of the night, Pony Kontrol were all born. Sounds like a fun time right? WRONG. Now everywhere I go, I'm thinking of new ways to add "Pony" to something. It's becoming a new addiction for me, and I already have enough of those. The Oregon Pony, The Hotel Pony, Harry Pony and The Deathly Pony's - Part 1 or 2? Doesn't fuckin' matter. I'm a shell of my former self now.I've never ended a positive review this way before now...but...the horror...oh the horror...Pony.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,9/2/2011,258,205,11,14,11>I suddenly realized recently that I DON'T need to eat my weird healthy vegan ultimate fiber blast homemade lunches or any of the shitty food options up and down Glisan Street when I'm at work anymore, and that instead, I can hold my own mini belly rebellion. I can, instead, bike a leisurely 5 minutes south to the Good Food Here Carts on Belmont and get myself some of the finest foods in all of the Land of Port-liness. So, I wanna make a shout out to the PDX food cart gods for Lardo, a truly heaven-sent cart, and for helping me get my new portly figure on.LARDO! Seriously guys, this is the best sandwich place ever ever ever. I would put it, pricewise, on par with Laurelhurst Market's lunchtime sammies. But Lardo kicks its ass, flavorwise, out of the water ten million times over and over. Everything is awesome. BREAD! SAUCE! MEEEEEAT! I know it sounds so simple, but getting the right combination of things, and getting it made right...well, it's a freaking science.The first time I went, I got the Porchetta on a whim, and hello! BEST DECISION I EVER MADE IN MY LIFE! I just about died and went to food cart heaven. Crisp, warm ciabatta. Soft, tender, juicy porchetta. Some green stuff to make it look fancy. Oh whatever, JUST GIVE ME THE GODDAMN SANDWICH OM NOM NOM.I just went back today to show off the amazingness of Good Food Here to my BBFF and he went straight for the tenderloin. Alas, the Porchetta-wich was sold out (no surprise there), but he samped a Double Burger. Okay, so I'm definitely convinced now; I no longer need cheese on a burger anymore...just a thick slice of pork belly please.With the consistent high quality of its sandwiches, it's no wonder Lardo won people's choice at the WW Eat Mobile Fest this year. Also, thanks Lardo, for embracing your lardy creedo and slowly defiberblasting myself and Portland, one porky convert at a time.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,9/1/2011,434,336,9,24,11>I have been meaning to write a review for Dr. Bobak (Bobby) Ghaheri for a while. I have been seeing Dr. G for a little over a year at the ENT division of The Oregon Clinic. See, I have crazy bad allergies, and bad sinus anatomy to go along with them. The combination ensures that I have chronic sinusitis, and all kinds of not-so-fun maladies on a regular basis. I have previously been to another well known ENT that wanted to do a complete sinus makeover, but wasn't addressing the allergies. I decided to see an allergist next. I have been on many allergy meds since, but I really needed to address both issues at once to get good results. Finally 10 years later I found Dr. Ghaheri, or he found me on Twitter. We started with a consultation, and medical history, along with a CAT scan so he could see what was happening with my sinuses. He called me within 20 minutes of leaving the imaging office. He is a straight shooter, and told me right away that surgery would be a good option. We also knew that doing another series of allergy tests would be a good idea since they change over the years. Yep, the results showed that I have extremely bad allergies too. We adjusted medications. Long story short, we are going the route of allergy shots, and treating any sinus infections as need be. Dr G. is very responsive and communicative on the risks and benefits of treatments and procedures. His office staff is excellent, and will try to get you into the schedule ASAP if you become ill. I communicate with the Dr. on Twitter, and he usually checks to see how treatments are going within a day or two. Everyone in the office is prompt. No 30 minute waits, period. I would be hard pressed to find a Doctor as compassionate, and that that puts as much effort into helping his patients. I really hit the jackpot! Since he is a Board Certified ENT, he can perform any surgeries above the neck. He has also had extensive training in Plastic Surgery. So, for instance, you might need surgery for a deviated septum, plus you could have a rhinoplasty (nose job) at the same time by someone with the training and know how to do them with great results. His cosmetic practice is in the same office, The Center for Aesthetic Medicine. They run frequent specials on Botox, fillers, and laser treatments. I would recommend him to anyone. He also works with children, and is a dad, so he has a special place in his heart for the little ones.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,8/31/2011,123,89,14,14,13>I love my new knives. They're stainless steel, including the handle. They cut through tomatoes without squishing 'em. They make that awesome scchwwwe noise when you pull them out of the knife block. My bagels no longer look hacked by a chainsaw. But the best part about my rockin' new blades would have to be that they were super affordable and came from a small business. I've had my heart broken by one too many POS gadgets from IKEA and Fred Meyer. Livingscape is the best place in town for simple, affordable and quality kitchen items. Pasta makers, mandolins, compost bins, castille soap, mason jars, and all manner of gadgets and cutlery are in stock. If you need something like say a pineapple corer or one of those tacky soap holders that looks like a fish, you may be better off at Kitchen Caboodle. I'm truly convinced that this stores main purpose is to outfit survivalists. Beyond the permaculture supplies, they have an entire room dedicated to tents, rubber boots, camp stoves and freeze dried food. As others have mentioned, they carry how-to books on such wholesome activities as native plant-scaping and food preservation. These things will surely come in handy during the coming apocalypse. We've been drying, canning and pickling like damn fools ever since those birds fell out of the sky.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2008,6/25/2008,758,866,3,9,9>Think Uwajimaya but bigger and better. H Mart somehow snuck it's way into the burbs and I don't think many people know about it yet, but they soon will. This store is more Korean oriented than Uwajimaya which is Japanese oriented. They have a lot of items here that most people have never seen or heard of before. I had a sweetened fish stick that was packaged like string cheese and had a similar consistency. They also have 3 cafe's consisting of a Sushi place, a noodle cafe, and another serving hot plates. Didn't get the chance to try one, but they all look very good.This store is a must for anyone into Korean food, or Asian food in general.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,6/24/2008,25,121,4,7,6>When it comes to Mexican food I don't really know what's authentic and what's not.  And honestly I don't really care.  What I do care about is that I can get a yummy burrito and a huge portion of chips for under $4.  It's not the best burrito I've ever had, but it is the best burrito I've ever had for $3.50.  Like Stanley said, it's not really 4 star food, but it's a super good deal, so that makes it a 4 star experience.  And if you do get a burrito I suggest grabbing some extra salsa, I usually find them a little dry.  But I think it's better that way cuz then you can try the different salsas and pick your favorite (I like the green).
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2008,6/23/2008,11,11,8,9,7>This place is killer. a helpful staff and an insanely huge music movie section. a CC payment option would be nice but it's no biggie and they also give you a free movie, what seems like, every third time you go in.I also now know the lyrics to the 21 jump street song by heart cause they carry season one on DVD so.......take that for what it's worth.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2008,6/22/2008,550,1055,5,23,18>I feel like a grown up now. I've been living in Portland for a while and I've never own a car. It's not because I don't want one, but I can't afford one. With how expensive the gas is these days and high insurance rate, I don't think I can't own a car yet, but sometimes I wish I have one. Especially when I need to go to grocery stores, Ikea, or to visit my family in Scappoose.I found online that there's a community car sharing program called Flexcar and Zipcar. Apparently they just merged recently, that made it easy for me to decide with which one I want to sign up with. I signed up with Zipcar. They charged $25 application fee and less than 24 hours, they notified me that I was approved!Their monthly prepay program starts at $50 and up. I signed up for the $75 per month and that's including gas and insurance. It's $8.10/hour and you can reserve by hourly or day. It comes with 180 miles free per month. So with that $75 I have about 9 hours worth of driving per month.After I got approved I went to pick up my zipcard. Their office located in downtown Portland, then I activated my zipcard. I also found out that you can use the zipcard at Paddy's and get 10% off your check. That's just uber cool.On monday night, I needed to go to grocery store. I reserved my car about 45 minutes before I need to use it. I reserved it for 1.5 hour. I picked up the car 2 blocks away from where I live. It's a subaru imprezza. You just swipe your zipcar on the windshield and it unlocks the car. The car was clean, the gas was half full. It has a good radio and CD player. I made my trip to two grocery stores and had dinner. It only cost s me $12.54. Much cheaper than cab and I don't have to carry tons of bags on the bus.I love zipcar. It's affordable, easy, convenient, and it's green for the environment.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2008,6/21/2008,121,1306,7,10,8>I've died and gone to beer heaven.  According to Wikipedia, heaven is typically described as the holiest possible place, accessible by people according to various standards of divinity, goodness, piety, etc.  I don't know about you, but I'm bowing down to these beer gods.My first foray into nirvana was at the kick-off party for the Spring Beer and Wine festival, so ultimately the things I consumed were free.  However, what my senses experienced left me wanting more, lots more.  I will be back, and I will try more that this place has to offer.The space is amazing.  An open warehouse (painted green no less!) converted into an amazing space for lounging, chatting, grubbing, boozing, and listening to live music.  The "bistro" side occupies one section, where if you'd like a more intimate meal, it's available.  The bar side gets a little louder, but what do you expect for an open warehouse?  Gas heaters line the ceilings to heat the place up, but depending on where you're situated, you may need a sweater/jacket if you're perma-cold like me.  The beers available?  Amazing.  They rotate often so there is always something new.  Don't expect to find the usual suspects, Green Dragon focuses on stuff that you probably won't find anywhere else.  I love trying new things, so this place makes me beyond giddy.  The prices are reasonable too.  Makes me and my wallet happy.The food?  Equally amazing.  It's definitely not typical pub food.  I love the fresh approach to avoid super greasy food.  It is all fresh and LOADED with flavor.  My mouth was on sensory overload.  Coincidentally, the food goes great with the beer.  Shocker!The menu is rounded out with wine and unique distilled liquors.  I had friends who said it knocked their socks off, but in beer heaven I really can't deviate.Behind the bar, expect people who know their stuff.  It's refreshing to see people passionate about what they're bringing to the table.  While I don't know much about beer, besides that it goes into a glass that I then pour in my mouth and it tastes delicious, I know what I like.  And I like me some Green Dragon.  There are amazing experiences to be had here.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,6/19/2008,11,11,5,10,7>I am an enthusiast. a fanatic. obseeessed. i love volkswagens and so do the gentlemen at the Werkstatt. They know what they are doing and and they love to do it. if you have a volkswagen/audi/porsche/bmw/etc... they will treat your car as if it was their own from high performance to general maintenance.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,6/18/2008,189,360,14,13,11>I think its best to tell this dining story from the end to the beginning.Amidst the sweet soft lighting, the bright white table-cloth and the romantic mood of Portland's best new Indian food restaurant, I indelicately splash bright yellow bean curry all over (1) myself, (2) the floor, (3) my dining companion, and (4) the beautiful white table cloth.  Ta da.But even that klutzy maneuver did not mar an otherwise perfect meal in a great new restaurant.  Desserts are unique, perfect for sharing, and superb.  The other dishes are also richly flavorful and delicious - highlights include the murg makhani (main course) and the simla sambuk (appetizer).  The garlic naan is divine and may well slay even the most vicious of vampires.  Attentive servers manage to be both on top of everything but laid-back (which is a very nice pairing of qualities, and helps you feel not-so-bad when you splash curry everywhere).  So when you get there, enjoy the service, order up a red cyclone cocktail, if you want something alcoholic, or a perfect mango lahassi if you don't.  Then relax and enjoy the ambiance - which East India has in abundance.Favorite element: the care and attention to details is obvious at East India Co, from the artwork on the walls, to the selection on the menu, to the delicate and perfect napkin rings, everything feels that it was not only lovingly selected but it is also classy & well-suited to the dining experience.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2008,6/17/2008,152,351,16,8,13>SEXY TIME HOURS HAVE BEGUN screams the lurid flier, deep black French Quarter script on red glittery paper. You look around cautiously for evidence of these Sexy Times, hoping they won't be like the End Times.You don't feel so sexy after 3 hours working the yard, after walking hard around the neighborhood, after realizing you're so hungry you almost ate the dusty gummi bear on the sidewalk.Random Order now stays open late, offering a limited cocktail and wine menu. They also offer sandwiches. Don't be fooled that you might get one from the display case, to go, quick in your mouth. Nope, they're going to go in the back and make you one fresh. And you're going to wolf it down walking home, being sure to savor the second half as you walk past the unhappy crowd loitering outside Tin Shed. Peckish and peevish, waiting in a Kafka line for their tables, they will longingly appreciate the summer pesto smeared across your face, the bits of salami clinging to your cleavage, the arugula in your hair. Sexy Times.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,6/16/2008,3211,1938,19,20,17>Did I just fall in love? Did my heart just skip a beat? Or is my heart simply struggling to keep pace with the insanely over-the-top biscuit sandwich I just ate?  Only time (and a cholesterol screening) will tell.I just returned from my first (and definitely not last) visit to the little Pine State biscuits gut-bomb-o-rama. Is there any better way to put the kabosh on a stomach roiled from a night of drinking porters and Belgian Trippels than to get a warm, fresh baked biscuit? Yes. Yes there is. That better way is called the "Reggie", and it consists of a fresh baked biscuit sandwich made with fried chicken, bacon, cheese, and sausage gravy. Yeah. Right. Your heart just cried a little inside when it realized that your brain was actually agog over the thought of savoring every last bite of the Reggie. One step inside this tiny, counter-service eatery, and you'll be brimming with internal conflict.  Your mouth wants a Reggie, or maybe a sausage egg and cheese biscuit sandwich. Heck, it may even just want the biscuits and gravy with the fried egg on top.  Yeah, you know it does. But your brain, your heart, and the rest of your cardiovascular system will be as reserved and recalcitrant as an Amish grandfather at a rave.  Your brain is smart, but your mouth wins. This round at least.Fortunately, the Stumptown coffee is bottomless - providing the necessary fuel to keep your most vital muscle pumping as you ingest ample servings from each of the four essential food groups: Bacon, gravy, biscuit, and fried chicken.  Oh, and that fifth and ever vital food group: cheese.Damn, my heart just skipped another beat. Off to the exercise bike!!!
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2008,6/15/2008,13,25,4,6,6>I just had my first tattoo done by Alice Kendall and it is AMAZING.  Not only is the tattoo incredibly beautiful and making all my tattooed and non-tattooed friends want appointments, but my experience at the shop was relaxing (as relaxing as 6-1/2 hrs of tattooing can be, I promise!), friendly as well as clean and professional.  All the inks are mineral based and the artistry of my piece is truly stunning.  If you want an incredible tattoo and great experience, call today - but be prepared to wait several months until you can actually get an appointment!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/24/2013,101,133,3,12,10>It's a good thing I read reviews prior to showing up, because Dalo's is hands down the best Ethiopian food I've ever had.If I had not read the reviews I'm fairly certain I would have been scarred of before even finding Dalo's.  While searching for the restaurant on Vancouver Ave we only encountered two vagrants with a pit bull and shopping carts occupying the lot on Vancouver, which one would think the entrance.The experience was absolutely fantastic after finally figuring out that even though the address is Vancouver, the entrance is on Williams. We had absolutely wonderful service from the second we stepped in the door. We were served by a young man who I am assuming is the grandson of the family, and there was a very sweet older man who came by regularly, but not too often checking on us. The older gentlemen proudly told us his daughter is the chef.The decor is fun, cozy, cultural, and funky.The food was absolutely exquisite! The goat curry was one of the most amazing dishes I've ever had in my life. The goat was fall off the bone tender, and the spices were out of this world. We also had a chicken dish, lentil soup, and an egg plant dish that were all good. The injera was light, and spongy. My one complaint, other than possibly the sketchy block on which its located is the spicy level, which was splendidly solved by their incredibly tasty Jalapeño sauce, yum!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,7/23/2013,43,246,14,9,11>I like the way Scott L prefaces his reviews by mentioning he is a vegetarian. I should probably preface this by mentioning I am a geezer. I know this will skew my perspective of this place. I don't care; write your own darned review. I have been making occasional visits to Golf-O-Rama since about 1972. Imagine a world where at night you could sneak across I-5 without getting flattened or arrested, climb a simple cyclone fence, reach into a storage shed for a club and ball and indulge in a little 2AM golfing.Try that now and even if you make it onto the course, everything's locked down tight and there's a security camera, motion detector lights, etc. Sometimes I miss my youth.Some of those holes are tougher than they look; I have yet to make par on the windmill, among others. Some of the clubs are a little bent and probably more suited to bludgeoning than putting.Contrary to what you may have seen on The Simpsons, you cannot fit inside the windmill to make whoopie. Other than that, it's good family fun. My wife always wins. Always. Don't even get me started about losing 20 bucks to the kids from the Blind School.It's a good, cheap way to kill an hour if you are up this way on a nice afternoon.Btw, this is connected to Steakburger. Please read their reviews before deciding to eat there.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/22/2013,402,355,1,10,6>The check engine light came on in my car and as usual I began to panic. I immediately came on yelp to try to find someone to check it out at a reasonable price. You want to know what Cooke's charged me? Nada! It took them less than 5 minutes to run the diagnostic and didn't charge me a dime. They were so nice and told me if the light came back on again to bring it back, but otherwise I should be fine cause it was just a misfire. I'm going on almost a month now with no problems, but if anything crops up I will take it straight to Cooke's.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/21/2013,104,65,10,5,5>Well, let me just say....I f****n love this place. If it were a human being, I would want it hoisted in a Rudy-esque way off a field by a team of other fans...and cheered on by a rowdy stadium of similarly-infatuated people who were boisterous in their adoration. The food....A+. I don't care if you eat meat every day. I don't care if you like to eat half-alive squirrels that you snared on your way to clockin in at the slaughterhouse.....you'll eat their Buffalo Chikn Sub and the clouds will part and the sun will shine, and God and Jesus and Buddha and Allah and Whomever will be playing Danzig covers. This is a fact. This is not the "gentleman's inch" of reviewing/story-telling. All real. 9 freakin' inches. The drinks are also good. Some of them come in mason jars, and, it's a well-known fact that people seem to go apeshit for drinks served in mason jars. You will likely not be the exception. Their signature drink, "The Hereafter" is a great summer drink. It's like Arnold Palmer and Scarlet O'hara writhing around in a sexy, refreshing way.....in a mason jar (mason jar). In the winter, they have a Shepard's Pie that....I don't know. I just don't know. I guess, it's like being spooned by a loveable lumberjack next to a fireplace. It doesn't matter what analogy I furnish. I can tell you all kinds of things that are funny or kooky or that make my family try to have me committed as a result of growing concerns (again)....no matter, it's comforting, and it's delicious, and if you swore off meat like this gal.....there are things that you miss on occasion, and this is one of them, and this thing is pretty darn close without making you feel gross and hypocritical. It's comfort nostalgia food. Other food items that you should order and put in your talkhole with utter reckless abandon include: Rosemary Almonds (shut up!), The Jamaica Bowl (slather it with Sriracha), sides of coconut kale. Oh, and all the meals are basically $8. Nothing this good is this cheap! Well, except.....nevermind. Moving on....it'll clear up on its own. The bartenders are nice and service is a real thing here, not just a clever manipulation/gross-misuse of the English language. In the vast service wasteland of Portland bartenders/servers....these guys are a real treat. Also, they're all pretty easy on the eyes and tattooed and handy with a beverage. They'll even refill a drink and bring you your check in the same fiscal quarter that you asked for it. Unheard of! Someone else on this little thread of reviews bitched incessantly about the door guy. Well, I'm sorry for her that she doesn't get to love on this place. More for me. I have not had the same experience. I go back to this place as often as my bank account, liver, and GI tract will allow. I'd be there right now if I wasn't so busy avoiding the pile of real work that I should actually be doing.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,7/20/2013,97,167,2,8,4>Pirate bar?  Chinese diner?  Clown-car?  Although this place doesn't seem to have found it's identity, I could care less.  Cheap drinks, even cheaper happy hour, and good, tasty food!I came here completely by chance.  It was lunch time and I was over an hour early for a meeting in the area, so I had some time to kill.  I drove up the street to scout a place for lunch and wound up in the arms of Lucky House.  From the outside, it doesn't look like much, and from the inside...it still doesn't look like much, other than confused.  Plastic palm trees, nautical stars and moons painted on the ceiling in blue and gold, retro multi-colored booths, a dimly lit bar and dark back room area with poker machines more seating.  This place serves Chinese fare, but the only thing Chinese about it is the sign out front, and a golden Buddha sitting behind the bar. Although this place may be having an identity crisis, the Happy Hour menu is pretty damn legit!  $3.50 micros, even cheaper drafts, and food items for around $1.50.  Their non-HH menu is still fairly impressive with $4 micros, and I scored a fantastic cashew chicken lunch with hot n' sour soup for $6.95...and it was super tasty.  Whatever sauce they had mixed in with those nuts, veggies, and chicken was ON POINT!   Yum.  I also hear their drinks are stiffer than Ron Jeremy on epinephrine, watch out!The service I received was really good too.  The woman who helped me was super nice, and asked me if it was my first time to Lucky House, and then offered me a few suggestions.  She walked around with a smile on her face the whole time, very pleasant to be around.Overall, great food, great drinks, great service, all at a low price. The décor is pretty interesting, worth a laugh or two and also serves as a topic of discussion.  Not bad!
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,7/19/2013,78,333,7,10,11>Still one of the best burgers I've ever had - if not the very best! I've been out here many more times since my original review, and am pleased to say that it's just as good as that first time.  I'm convinced that grass fed beef really is happier beef, and it tastes so much better. They use TONS of local ingredients too.Beyond your typical beef, they also have a lamb burger, buffalo burger, veggie burgers, a Mahi Mahi burger and chicken - even gluten free options and a lactose-free milkshake! Seriously.  I've taken many out-of-towners here to indulge, and they've all gushed about how tasty the food is.  My mom is a lifelong carb-a-phobe - they've got a low carb option (that doesn't taste awful) and the option of salad instead of fries.  She was thrilled.  My mom's husband is just plain hard to please - he was psyched by the buffalo burger and said the blackberry shake was the best he'd ever had.  He was thrilled. Husband can eat an entire truck and still be hungry - they've got a burger for BIG eaters: 3 patties beef + 3 cheese + 3 bacon, big wheat bun.  He's beyond thrilled.Service is friendly and very knowledgeable.  I like coming in the spring/summer, because I prefer to sit out on the patio.  It really is in the middle of the country, and it's nice and peaceful to gaze out over the fields.  I totally recommend the GTO Burger -  fabulous beef topped with roasted red pepper & local feta cheese.  This place is a whole lotta yum. My only complaint? They're really hard to fit in your mouth.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,7/18/2013,78,198,2,6,6>Genie's never disappoints-and is one of my favorite brunch places, especially when someone asks me to show off my Mad Hot Spot knowledge. "Bree, you always know the good places, where should we go?" Don't worry, I always attribute my Mad skillz to Yelp. The food is always delicious in a simple but extraordinary way. The creative concoctions they put together in their menu and specials are always enticing and give you good ideas of things to mix at home. Best of all, the food costs the same as what you would get at Shari's-but is so much better. Granted, the drinks, while reasonably priced-will almost double your bill-but the innovated vodka infusions are so worth it-and with breakfast not breaking the bank, there is no harm in splurging some extra coin and calories on a morning libation. I love brunch!
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,7/17/2013,120,167,3,7,6>I have always been a fan of hotel bars - yes, they're a tad overpriced, but I feel like I'm supposed to relax and sip my drink, rather than guzzle it and get out to make way for a new customer.  The people-watching is excellent because the crowd is always different.The Palm Court is a favorite place to step in for a drink.  The rest of the world seems to melt away as you take in the splendor and old world charm of the carved wood, imported marble, and lovely chandeliers, as well as the black-tie service, and a well-made cocktail.  I am a fan of the Baby Dill, though I prefer mine with vodka, since I don't like gin.  (Yes, I'm going from 29 complex flavors to just 2-3, but I'm like that.)   It comes with a small carafe to partially refill your glass, so it's like getting 1.6 drinks for the price of one.If you come at the right hour, you can get live music, which has the good sake to not substitute volume for quality, like so much other live music.  You can hear it without being unable to hear your companions or server.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/16/2013,148,128,6,12,6>WOW!!! AMAZING!!!I have to say, I was completely dumbfounded by where the heck this was, but after asking some folks on the street, they told me that I needed to go through Wafu and and it's the door in the back.  As soon as I opened the door, there was a person there like wondering what I was doing there like a security guard... haha.  I let him know that I was with the group in the middle of the restaurant.When walking into Roe, it's quite small and dungeon like, but is quaint and has the low lit feel of somewhere you should take a romantic date.  After eating here, I definitely would.I joined my friends in the Four Course Guest Choice for $60.00.  I think it's a little pricy, but since I didn't pay, then it was all that much more worth it!!!For the first course, I ordered the Goeduck: Marinated Puget Sound geoduck, cauliflower mousse, citrus oil, sunchoke chips, with sturgeon caviar.  Wow, this was tender and flavorful, with the texture of the cauliflower mousse and pop of the sturgeon caviar, this was a perfect start.The second course was the Dungeness Crab: Oregon Dungeness crab, sesame spinach braised daikon, shiitake mushroom, rice cripies, with a kimchi-crab bisque.  What an elegant dish and the presentation was spectacular.  The bisque was to die for.  Everyone would have licked their bowl if we weren't in a public setting... ha ha.The third course I chose was the Hamachi: Confit hamachi & uni draped in lardo, cherry bomb pepper  & meyer lemon jam, with black calabrian chili-bonito nage.  This was OMG Perfect!The final course was the dessert which was the Pear: 30 second sponge cake, roasted pear, miso dulce de leche, yuzu and thyme cream.  Though I'm not really a dessert person this was pretty spectacular.  1/2 of the group decided to go with the Chocolate: Dehydrated chocolate mousse, coffee ganache, whiskey caramel, and marshmallow gelato.  I sampled some of my friend Amy's and it was pretty tasty.Overall Rating: 96%Price: 5/5 *(Would have been 4/5, but I didn't have to pay) and with the 4 bottles of wine for the 5 of us, I'm glad I didn't... ha ha).Service: 5/5Ambiance: 4/5Flavor: 5/5Presentation: 5/5
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,7/15/2013,158,77,1,11,8>PaaDee, what an unexpected gem of a find! I came across this place on yelp and was enthused to check it out. I'm always a lil sketch on new Thai places though, because even though most of them are decently yummy- I haven't found one in a long time that scream new but familiar flavors. Let's check the list of YAY's:1. Ambience- this place has got it. Love the small, cozy, yet hipster type of vibe it's got going on. 2. Chicken wings- holy shet, I loved these wings. Juicy, crispy, full of flavor. A lil bit on the salty side but I'm not complaining whatsoever. Thoroughly enjoyed them.3. Shrimp Salad- yes please. Nice big prawns and a nicely dressed salad. Flavors were on point.4. Pad Kee Mhao- I've had this dish everywhere, but for some reason this place just gives it it's own perfect flavor. It's one of those flavors that you always try to find everywhere and accomplish at home but always end in epic failure. Coming here from now on.You really can't go wrong with this place. Menu is smaller than most Thai restaurants but I respect that. Simplicity is sometimes the best policy.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2011,10/2/2011,1295,556,4,15,9>What a great use for this space!  The Rialto Poolroom quite recently remodeled and repurposed their basement area turning it effectively into a new nightclub.  About the only downside is it does feel a bit odd to walk completely from one side of the Rialto pool hall to the other to go down the stairs and find this club but wow, the club is way fancier that the Rialto itself and you feel almost transported to somewhere else.  Even the bar seems nicer.  The sound system is quite amazing though I could have done without one of the DJs screaming into the mic like every fifteen minutes for people to cheer for the DJ who was currently spinning - that felt a bit too strip club for me and I do realize that we have an excessive amount of strip clubs in this town meaning that he probably does moonlight but still...it does not make it any less annoying when you are trying to dance and going deaf because of it.  The drinks were fantastic and the bartenders were not just spot on with drinks but kept a tidy space too.  We had a great time and look forward to going back!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,9/30/2011,95,86,15,12,11>Hands down my new favorite burger place in Portland.I can put away a pretty decent amount of food and to up the ante, I decided to try this place immediately after an hour long Turbo Kick class.**Burger Nirvana**I was with my little person who as a rule tends to roll more carniverously than myself, so he got the cheeseburger with swiss and I tried their veggie burger with swiss as well (there were other cheeses I'd like to try, but the swiss is the little persons favorite).Fortunately, we're both sharing types so I can happily write a review about both.The little man's cheeseburger was delicious! (there's a reason why everyone keeps describing it as an upscale version of an in-n-out burger, because well...it pretty much is). However, my veggie burger?EASILY THE BEST VEGGIE BURGER I'VE HAD IN PORTLAND (i know! I said it!!). Aside from being delicious, it had a slightly crispy outside bite, yet remained nice and moist inside. How good was it? I just ate lunch less than 5 minutes ago and my mouth is once again watering as I type this.Portion size? Honestly, I think it's just right. As previously noted I'd just burned upwards of 800 calories right before going here and a veggie burger and an order of....THOSE FRIES: As previously noted, both me and the little man are sharing types who had no problems offering each other a bite of our respective burgers. But when it came down to the fries? It was like the knife fight scene out of "Beat it", fortunately both me and the little man were able to come up with a system (OK, it's your turn, now it's my turn, now it's my tur.."DADDY!!!", I mean your turn) but it was a closie (fortunately Eddie Van Halen did not need to get involved (both me and the little man were stuffed :D).All in all, I've gotta repeat this was one of my hands down favorite burger experiences ever!I went with the little man last time and we dined al fresco out of the bag at the park, but it is located right around the corner from Powell's, and our weather is beautiful this week...I'm thinking I may have a hot date this week that's going to involve a new book, an afternoon at the park, and a veggie burger with a side of fries (which I won't have to share this time!!)
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,9/29/2011,145,186,22,28,30>There are many valuable, and not so valuable things that one acquires from being raised in a home with intertwined cultures. My father is a crazed Apache Indian, my mother, a stern, round, Mexican lady that will backhand you without notice. I learned by watching her that tortillas should always be made from scratch and flipped by hand, that cheese other than cotija used on a sope is complete ludicrous, and that your refrigerator should be filled with enough food to whip up something extraordinary for a drop in visitor at all times. What I inherited from my father is not so conventional. It's called a drinking problem. With all of this Aztec, Apache blood pumping through my veins I thought I had tried it all. Testicle tacos, chicharones, longaniza, sopa de fideo, peyote, mescal. Lo and behold, La Merced appeared in my neighborhood to culture my brown ass and introduce me to something amazing! La Merced is located in the Kruger's stand parking lot off of Lombard. The night that I tried this cart, I waited in the rain while the owner cooked up my Quesadilla Azteca. In spite of my 29 year career of being a brown person, I had never heard of a quesadilla Azteca and was intrigued when I heard that it included nopales. When I saw the owner bust out a sharp metal object I thought it was a homemade shiv. It actually turned out to be a tortilla press that he used to press out a gigantor ball of masa right before my eyes. The quesadilla consisted of a super-sized tortilla made with melt-in your-mouth corn masa that had a perfect crunch. It was filled with hot mozzarella cheese, carne al pastor and sprinkled with tasty diced nopales. Internet! This may have been the most delicious meal I have had in 2011 and trust me, I have had a lot of delicious meals this year! There were other unique items that you can't get at any old truck like huaraches, posole and fresh tamales on the menu. The owner was genuinely happy to feed us and was open to suggestions or requests. I took home a few of the green tamales that my kid inhaled in 3 seconds. Take it from a brown person who has been hit over the head with a tortilla press a time or two: The food here is legit. Get yourself a quesadilla Azteca before the mother-ship of Mexican food packs up and rolls away!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,9/28/2011,143,429,43,14,16>Screen door I want to marry you and have your babies.and about half of us at the table wanted to bang one of your servers.I came back to visit with a small group of friends one night when one of my besties, Lisa G., was in town for the weekend.  I racked my brain to think of a place to impress her with and of course you were the obvious choice.We bore your lengthy line with drinks in hand.  The Scarlet O'Hara No. 2, filled with sweet tea vodka and a blood orange puree, made us happily wait your queue while dreams of homeade cornbread, fried chicken, and jambalaya danced in our heads.When it came time to order we opted for good ol' southern gluttony, with three of us ordering the fried buttermilk-battered chicken with mashed potatoes, tasso ham gravy and collards and one opting for the smoked & bbq'd beef brisket with bacon potato salad and a butter lettuce salad to start.  We also ordered two sides of the ridiculously good cornbread to go with our meals and a side order of macaroni and cheese as a starter which turned out to be the end all of life as we knew it.I'm not kidding.  This macaroni inspired one of the most henious and disgusting things I have ever taken part in at a restaurant.  And by taken part in I really mean...I was the only one that did it...This is how it went (I'll even edit it this one out a bit so I don't seem like such a foul mouthed hussy): Lisa G. and I decided macaroni and cheese needed to be ordered as a starter and shared instead of a customary appetizer like the oysters or okra.Table:  We want three orders of this and two orders of that and and order of this and this.  And then we also want to start with the macaroni and cheese because we have decided to be digusting gluttonous human beings tonight.Female waitress:  That sounds good, I'm on it.  Can I bring you another round of drinks.Table:  Um, yes.A few minutes later drinks were served and a short few after that a different male waiter (who we now refer to as hottie boy waiter at Screen Door) delivers the starters.  Lisa G.:  Did you see that?Me:  Can we order him too?Lisa G.:  I really hope so, he's expletive hot!Me:  I want to verb on his expletive noun.Lisa G.:  You would say that you foul mouthed hussy.Me:  Expletive! Taste this.Lisa G.:  This is the best expetive mac & cheese I think I've ever had.Me:  OMG it's so hot, but I can't stop eating it.  Expletive!  It's burning my mouth, but I don't want to stop.Lisa G.:  It's SO expletive good!  Expletive!Me:  Hey Eric C., hows your expletive salad? snicker snicker.Eric C:  Good, wan't a bite?Me:  Expetive no.And then the aforementioned happened:  I dropped macaroni on the table.I looked at it for a few seconds.  Looked at Lisa G. waiting to see what she'd say.  Silence.Then I took my fork and ate it off the expletive table.Lisa G.:  Did you really just do that?  Did that just happen?Me:  Um, ya.  Ya, I think it did.  I was actually waiting for you to do the same.  Wouldn't you have?Lisa G.:  I'm not going to confirm or deny that.Me:  Worth it.Lisa G.:  It really probably was.Me:  It was so good I bet you'd like to eat it off hottie boy waiter's body?Lisa:  It really probably is.By the time our main coursed came out, it was safe to say that we were no longer interested to the extent we would have been if we had never ordered the expletive mac & cheese.  The fried chicken at Screen Door is good, not the best I've had, but pretty decent.  It made awesome cold leftovers out of the fridge the next day after I was only able to take two bites at dinner.  Eric C.'s brisket was better.  I snagged a bite and it was literally fall apart, melt in your mouth good.When the female waiter came over to ask if we'd like boxes and give us our check she asked us the customary question:  How did you like everything?I looked her straight in the eye and said: That mac & cheese was so good I ate it off the expletive table.No shame shown.  Alot of shame inside.Screen Door I expletive love you....and I still want to bang your hottie boy waiter.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,9/25/2011,276,315,13,18,16>Allow me to begin with a little caveat:  Service at MuuMuu's is tragically hit-or-miss.  It truly depends on who's behind the bar, running the floor, and/or throwing down in the kitchen.  I've heard mixed reviews due primarily to the inconsistency in server attentiveness and efficiency.  I, too, have not been immune to this phenomenon.  Yet, despite the occasional service mishaps, MuuMuu's remains a favorite in my 'hood for the following reasons:- Their 'small plates' menu is extensive enough to appeal to a variety of taste buds.  I gravitate towards their Kale & Pancetta, Char Sui Pork Ribs, and Breaded Calamari.- The drinks, although not the strongest, are not watered down especially during happy hour when one often would expect to get a T&G instead of G&T, for instance.- The clientele is less douchey than those you would find at other nearby watering holes.- The ambience is a near perfect balance of quirky, functional, and several shades below anything remotely high class.  The sidewalk seating is great during the warmer months.I don't know how long it would take before I'm recognized as a true regular at the place.  Presently, I must simply exude a certain familiarity that may make some of them remember in the back of their minds that I normally order G&T or that I'm in orgasmic love with their Kale & Pancetta dish or that I don't require glassware when consuming bottled Black Butter Porter beer.But I suppose a Cheers-like welcome should be far from what I should wish for, lest I would readily accept the usual labels that accompany such conviviality resulting from a high frequency of visit to any bar.And before this review gets into the TLTR category, I will end with this: Don't go with too high an expectation when entering MuuMuu's-- you may be pleasantly surprised with the experience.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,9/24/2011,670,102,6,15,9>I went to a movie a while back, like 7 months back, and during it a phone went off from under me. Of course I get looked at like a jerk but it wasn't my ringtone. After much fishing around to my left, and more awkward fishing around to my right by a stranger, I found someones iPhone. Quickly making it clear that I do indeed turn my silencer on in theaters as directed on the massive screen ahead.It ends up being the Owner and Chefs phone of... You have it... Gruner. Instead of taking any offers of cash rewards he leaves me with a '2 free drinks' coupon.Yesterday was the first day I used it! I can't believe I haven't stopped in before.I had:1. Speck and Pear::: This was a perfect combination of flavors and textures, topped with mint leaf, a simple yet delightful snack.:::2. Charcuterie ::: The 3 combinations of cured meat were perfect. Small, very salty, rounds. Then mouthwatering prosciutto. Finally thick sliced dry salami with scalloped edges. Two small pickles for a cleansing of your palate. Brought out with bread, crusted with many small seads.:::3. The Golden Rule::: I am a scotch/whiskey lover. This drink does it right with still tasting the dark liqueurs aging yet enjoying hints of honey and citrus. It's their most popular drink for a reason.:::  4. The Burger::: This my friend got but wow... It was de-li-cccious!!! It's smelt like steak - and that is always a great sign! Side note, I love pickles and theirs are tasty! They're sweeter, tasting more like cucumber marinated in vinegar.:::[photo uploaded as well]Eric P was our server and he was very personable, upbeat and informative. Topping off this wonderful happy hour delight. The ambiance here is great too. Very sleek. Slate gray walls, art slat wood walls, chromes and great lighting fixtures. Clean, fresh yet inviting.I also noticed there were many professionals that come here. Business suited both on men and women, more so on the later. Also a more relaxed crowd but everyone was still dressed well. Basically I wouldn't scrub it here.Cherry on the top:As my friend and I were walking down the sidewalk a employee of Gruner stopped us, I had dropped $2 out of my purse. The dollar symbol was small but the sign of honesty was huge. The entire staff here was smiling (not in the annoying sense but the approachable sense), helpful and overall very pleasant.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,9/23/2011,19,45,7,10,9>wow. instantly, sok sab bai has become my favorite food cart. i tried almost everything on the menu today, and it was all delicious, fresh, thoughtfully prepared, and extremely fairly priced. i almost felt like i was ripping them off. the truck is run by two friendly faces, tina and nyno (i'll have to ask him about the spelling tomorrow, as i will be back for lunch!). they have a menu that changes daily due to their use of fresh ingredients, and each dish is packed with flavor and well portioned. a perfect meal, and a wonderful addition to the limited fresh, quick, healthy lunch options in the area. this will undoubtedly be my new lunch spot for the foreseeable future.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,9/22/2011,241,429,12,12,7>Walking up Mississippi today looking for some non-hoppy beers and a food cart burger we hear the wailing of the damned, the incessant caterwauling of unclean spirits.  Oh, wait, that's an accordion.Oh, fsck, Oktoberfest.  Damn.We go in anyway and once again wrap ourselves in the warm, fuzzy embrace of the part of Germany that isn't Prussian militarism.  There are faux Eurobags in leather shorts, fetish fuel Pauli girls and lots and lots of beer.I'm going to focus on the beer.In a world where the bittering wars have reduced the Portland area to a hop-ravaged wasteland, finding a spot where you can have a, well a freaking LITER of beer that won't make your tongue try to swallow itself is more than an oasis, it's a patch of heaven.  The pseudoscience of each beer having its own glass* is easily ignored but has the solid benefit of the waitress not needing to ask what you've been drinking.The place is almost always crowded, and it's WAY noisy, even when you're not being subjected to the Deutsch Hee Haw (srsly, unless you're Weird Al you have no business with an accordion in public).  It gets a bit fratty/woo girly at times but you won't mistake it for the Barracuda.There is one significant drawback, the kitchen is sorely limited.  You're allowed to bring food in from the adjacent pod, if anything is open.  But it's no thing to pound a few liters and stumble down Mississippi for some Thai.* yeah, the krauts swear by it, but they're into homeopathy as well, so....
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,9/21/2011,213,358,10,14,10>I was really surprised that I would like this place at all because I am a total freaking snob when it comes to just about everything, but then I take the pink pill and I'm just happy little camper. Mustn't confuse it with the green pill though, that would be bad.Where were we?Oh yeah Tani's. I like this place a lot. Great service! That's not something you can say everyday about Portland restaurants, eh?Nice Sake & Beer selections, not real vast but enough to wet the whistle. It's a divey drafty atmosphere but I came here on a gorgeous September evening with a warm breeze flowing through the air and a sweet big full moon outside and it made it all good. It may be a different story come a wet January night though.Food was good, not super but definitely above par and the platter combos are the way to go here I was freaking stuffed off of one of the Kaisendon rice bowls it came with miso and it was like $14 ~ $15. Yum!Come hungry with your friends because it's a real happy hang out kinda vibe here with lots of good raw fish at super duper prices.Kampai!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,9/20/2011,222,561,10,16,12>So, I have this complex, right? It's this weird thing that I do (or don't do, I guess), where I just never go out for Italian food. I never have the inkling to do it, and I could care less when my friends in New York want to get some chicken parm (ick!).There are two reasons, I suspect, why I'm like this. First, I am Italian. Well...Italian-American...I'm a fourth-generation Southeast Portlander (no joke). My mom is an amazing cook, and her mother, who taught her, was an amazing cook, and my mom's father was an amazing cook, and so on and so forth. I come from a long line of great Italian cooks making great Italian food--ravioli, gnocchi, red sauces, pesto, pita fritas, biscotti, polenta, brigole, sausage--you name it. All of it fantastic. So, then, why would I go out for Italian food when I can have it better at home?Secondly, is sort of the same reason. Since I grew up with all this crazy cuisine, while it is still awesome, it has sort of lost its "specialness," and has made its way into what I consider "normal" food, the same way that, say, someone from Mexico would call tortillas and beans simply "food," and not "Mexican food," ya know?But...in any case...you get the point.I've passed a Cena countless times. Really. Living and growing up about two miles away, this is pretty much my 'hood, and there are lots of places in Sellwood that I've just never really felt compelled to check out (sorry!).I really am sorry that I hadn't given a Cena a chance before now. Everything from the ambiance (intimate! romantic!) to the food screams refined and elegant. Which is both awesome AND slightly confusing to me. Confusing, just because I traditionally associate Italian food with rusticity, and I'm not sure the cuisine here was too rustic...or it was?...but just elevated?Anyway, everything that our servers brought out was seriously amazing. We started with an organic, unfiltered pinot noir that was unlike any wine I'd tasted before (normally, I go straight for the cabs, but this was a pleasant surprise), and a tomatoey duo of caprese salad and a chilled tomato soup. Now, granted, everyone who knows me know that I also have a weird tomato complex. I mean, I'll eat them, but only if whatever it is isn't too tomatoey. As in, not caprese salads, and not chilled tomato soups. HOWEVER, I tried it, and I'm glad I did, because it really was spectacular. Sweet and tangy, with house-made mozzarella. Divine! Especially great with the side of foccacia and breadsticks.....Next!Peaches wrapped in prosciutto?! Who knew? I think this is probably a twist on the classic of cantaloupe with prosciutto, but it's a welcome twist. Try it. Really. It was great.Also, don't miss the salted-cherry-basil palate cleanser. Yup, that.The scene stealer, though, was clearly a Cena's signature lobster and corn/mascarpone raviolini. Screw points, I could have eaten an entire bowl of this stuff, it was THAT good. Lick-your-plate good. The pappardelle with rabbit was also really, really tasty. I'd never tried rabbit before, but this dish makes me think I'd try it again. Another first? Scapes. SO. GOOD. They're sort of like garlicky green beans, and they're something I'd totally try to cook myself.Finally, if you've come to a Cena, you might as well try dessert, too. One of my chef friends always talks about having to make panna cottas, and I have to say that they always sounded weird. Just cream and gelatin? But let me tell you, this stuff was awesome. Complete with a strawberry prosecco "soup," it was seriously delightfully light and creamy. Ditto to the tiramisu--light (really!) and creamy and yummy. Perfect with their house-made limoncello.FINALLY, the service was so gracious and nice! Really, this was a home-run. Am I turned back on to Italian out? Maybe not completely, but I'm definitely turned on to this delightful Sellwood hideaway.As my papa would say, MANGIA GIOIA, MANGIA!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,7/16/2012,327,281,8,12,11>Fu-jin's crispy eggplant's so tasty and lightyour sweet and sour is such a delight!Your soup so perfect, over it I could fightyour too fab appetizers make me feel like a sprite!fu-fu-jin for the win win win!fu-fu-jin for the win win win!Seriously folks, I have been coming here since 2003 and the food is always hot, tasty and good.  I don't know why there are some poor reviews of this place, I will give them the benefit of the doubt, maybe Fu-jin has off days here and there.  But I've been fortunate enough to miss them.  I'm almost never had a bad meal here.  If you are vegetarian, you should split orders of the crispy eggplant and the home style tofu.  The crispy eggplant is amazing, I don't usually like eggplant and I love it.  The homestyle tofu is a wonderful blend of crisp and soft textures, the veggies with it are crispy and fresh.  If you are not vegetarian, you should split orders of the crispy eggplant and the sweet and sour shrimp.  I saw the face of God the day I had the sweet and sour shrimp: crispy, citrusy, sweet, tart, carrots, onions, pineapple.  And it was Christmas day when I first had it!  My apologies to those who care about blasphemy. The veggie spring rolls make a great starter, they are dee-lish and enough for two. Further reasons to eat at Fu-Jin:1. Their lunch specials run until 4 pm, every day, yes not just weekdays, weekends too!2. I got hot tea and it was only 75 cents!  No, that is not a misprint.  Have you seen the cost of drinks at most places these days?3. They have the best hot and sour soup I've ever had.  This is definitely my favorite Chinese spot in town. Why aren't you there now??
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,7/15/2012,376,599,38,20,23>Stupid jerk face cat.We buy those fancy, sparkly ball toys that you can't get enough of. You tussle with them like a soccer player on PCP then knock the balls under the couch. And you know we don't sweep as often as we should.We get you multiple bags of nutritious, finnicky foods, usually more than one brand per trip because you are more picky than a preschool-aged human child. All varieties of grain-free, fat-free, not free at all pet foods with names like an electric car factory - Evo, Nuvo, Lotus, Halo Spots. And you still park yourself in front of the open refridgerator door with an accusatory stare. Occasionally, we still find ourselves shaken out of deep slumber by the guttural call of your bulimia. Hey, the 1980s called. Puking for sport was so over even then.We trek to Pets on Broadway because they provide a lot of the things you can't live without. And we can't live without you, you no-account shiftless seven-cat-years-old-and-still-has-never-held-a-­damn-job magnificent bastard. By extension, we can't live without Pets on Broadway. And Pets on Broadway clearly understands our lives better than most, because they're open pretty late in the evening for a pet store and, quite simply, rock the crap out of their job. You, my feline familiar, have no clue how hard we all work to keep you happy.Now let Mommy plaster your face in kisses.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,7/14/2012,97,229,3,35,17>I've been meaning to try Sweet Lemon Vegan Bistro out for a very long time!  Even before I decided to become a vegetarian, I wanted to try it out.  I'm not a vegan...yet, but man, the food here is so good, that if I can eat this way everyday...I would have no problem becoming a vegan, whatsoever!I was thinking of hosting a lunch for the group I belong to, so I called the restaurant to see what size I would need to limit it to.  The person I talked to was very friendly.  She didn't really give me an exact number, but made me feel confident I could go really large if I wanted to.  Well, it turns out that I didn't have a huge group, we were only 8 in numbers.  I kind of spaced it for calling ahead, so I called an hour before we were to meet.  When I got to the restaurant, everything was already set up for my group.  I liked the fact that you order your food at the counter and pay, makes it easy when you dine in a group.  My friends that weren't even vegetarian loved this place!I ordered the Guru Island and potstickers.  It was $13 for a lot of food, I even got leftovers to take home!  The Guru Island is spicy, but left my tastebuds in tact!  The potstickers were steamed and really delicious!I can't wait to go back and try other menu items!!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/13/2012,95,86,4,9,6>It doesn't take an Einstein to figure out that the place that took over Kettleman's blows (see what I did there?). With that tragic knowledge driving my quest, I found myself at Bowery Bagels on Opening Day.-Let's talk bagels-I got the whole grain bagel which was in short, pretty damn good. The outside surface was surprisingly (and pleasantly) more crispy than I'd anticipated, the inside while nice and soft could've stood a little more "boiling chewy magic" but it gets serious points for having been boiled in the first place.-and spreads-WHOA vegan spread!! I'm pretty used to vegan cream cheese serving as a punishment for ordering vegan in the first place, I was not expecting you to be both sweet and savory at the same time with a host of flavors that really has to be experienced first hand. 5 stars for the topping :D-and inside-It's a cozy little joint, which surprisingly wasn't too crowded when I went by (8:00 am-ish opening day). I'll see how busy it is next time, as I will definitely be back!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,7/12/2012,320,479,11,11,14>After a couple of beers and only subsisting on Luna Energy bars all day, I was famished.  So I put a couple more beers in my giant purse, opened a new one and my friend and I sashayed the few blocks from my flat to Sizzle Pie.Although I had a bit of a buzz on, I can assure you that I remember quite clearly how fantastic the Karp pizza by the slice was as well as the Rabbits Salad.  My friend had the tried and true pepperoni.  For $6.00 you will get a giant slice and a huge pile of salad.The gal behind the counter was warm and welcoming from the second we walked in the door.  No hipster pretentiousness here - no sir.  I am in total amore with this place and am so glad to see that the old Rocco's was replace by the awesomeness that is Sizzle Pie.  This is thin crust pizza done right and who knows...I may be slinking back down there tonight.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,7/11/2012,194,499,11,11,11>OK, then. I have a fancy multi-media computer with an elegant glossy black cover that is about as practical as a Lamborghini is to go to the market for a quart of milk. I might add, the damn thing cost almost as much. But as if that wasn't enough, it didn't even have the decency to give me a blue screen of death, a scream or billows of smoke. It was functional, and then it wasn't.I have spied Ed's shop and have wondered about it; it's by all sorts of shops and eateries that I wander around at in this dumpy strip mall peopled with odd proprietors. Repair shops are a tricky thing. They need to be filtered through a peculiar lens. Cluttered, but not too cluttered. What appears to be junk, OK. Old Jack in the Box bags are a red light. People skills nominal, easily distracted, Cheeto fingers, acceptable. Excessive plaque buildup, strange nests in their hair, not so much. Close to major high tech industries and in operation for some time, Big Yes. They bill labor at $40 an hour (big grin, "really?", I say)So, this is the deal. He told me he would call me the evening I brought it in. He asked, "is six o'clock too late to call you at home?" No call. I called him the next day, someone else answered who sounded totally baffled by my inquiry.Naturally, at this point, I'm getting worried. This went on for three days, though when I spoke to Ed, he seemed genuine if totally disorganized. There are a lot of tradesmen in my family, and if they do not have a wife or a paid babysitter keeping their books straight and pointing them in the right direction to their next appointment, they act a lot like Ed. He tried a few different approaches to solve the problem before he gave me the "He's dead, Jim" verdict . Upshot, he had confirmed my worst fear that I had smoked the motherboard and any repair would not be worth the expense.So, he offered to offload all of my files and charged me eighty bucks for all the attempts at life support and a large handful of DVDs that were the Former Computer's contents.  I think he was pretty cool even if he was a little rough around the edges. I am a complete rube at such things so I was happy to pay him what I did.  I will heed his advice and go through my Outlook files. He said they were a mess. That advice comes from a man that should know about such things. So will you if you go into his business. There is not a speck of dust in this shop, but otherwise, the place looks like my files, I am sure. Would I go back to him? Yes, I think I would.As a side note for those in the area, the Bollywood dress shop has folded. A shame: SO really wanted to go in there and see what these women could set him up in. Now, alas, another missed opportunity for him to be a viral star of YouTube.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,7/10/2012,170,145,14,14,11>Portland dive bars tend to try too hard, but this is a dive bar that doesn't know it's a dive bar. It's authentic. It's real. It's the Greek Village.I don't know what it is about this place. Maybe it's the friendly waitresses who sound like they've been smoking for 20 years. Maybe I it reminds me of the bars that my mom used to take me to as a kid. Maybe it's the awesome paintings on the ceiling. Whatever it is, it's awesome.It's a shame that it's so far from my house because it's easy to get quite tipsy here on the cheap. The drinks are stiff and very affordable. You're not going to see any craft cocktails on this menu. In fact, they don't even have a menu, they just have a bunch of bottom shelf liquor and a jello shot of the day. Brilliant.So if you're looking for a good place to have some drinks with the bros while jammin' out to Marcy Playground, look no further. You might be hit on by a girl that's 3 times your age, but that's a part of the charm.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,7/9/2012,121,1306,8,14,10>I. Love. This. Place.I'm calling it right now. New favorite restaurant.Think Lebanese food with a twist--the twist being Iraqi. I'm not familiar with it at all, but I do know that I like it. A lot. You'll find the typical staples like grape leaves, hummus, falafel, and shwarma, but each has it's own unique flair. The grape leaves were some of the most tender I've eaten. The hummus was thick, creamy, and carried a lot more spice. I wish more hummuses took note. They'd be jealous. The shwarma was some of the most tender beef. The rice plate is the perfect way to try a little bit of everything. Make sure you top it with the chickpea stew. It's so, so good. The Iraqi dolmas are my new favorite thing on the menu. It's like stuffed grape leaves only they use cabbage or onion. They're so, so good. The desserts are varied and only set you back $2-$4. Good luck saving room. While I don't remember the name of it, get the tahini and date paste. You swirl it around and dip a ton of flat bread in it. It's absolutely heaven.There are a ton of awesome photos on the walls. Everyone that I've encountered that works there is ridiculously nice. The prices are more than a deal, and you're going to leave stuffed. Stuffed full of good food. What's not to like?
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,7/8/2012,219,427,6,10,13>Reason 542 why I need to move to the Eastside. NEPO 42. My two favorite guys and I were searching for a place to eat and watch the game recently and decided to come out here. For a playoff game night, it wasn't packed and every seat in the main room afforded a nice view of the game. There's also another room off to the side where you can escape the sports junkies if needed.I sat down and they hit me with a sucker punch (or would that be a liver punch?)*-with their taplist. I think there was something in the way of 12-15 incredible beers on that list and I would have been happy to drink every last one of them. That's not to say I didn't try. I've always thought I had a good chin. I even enjoyed their cider.  Everything was really well chosen and there's a lot of variety. Really I was so involved with the beer I briefly regarded the wine and cocktail lists. Yep, they have them and the cocktails in particular look interesting.As for their food, they hit me with a nice little jab with their housemade jalapeno poppers. Damn I'll never be able to eat that frozen crap again. Beware the hook! I had the ribs and paired it with the house salad and mac and cheese. Effing delicious. The horseradish dressing on the salad had me on the ropes for sure. The ribs were just my style. The meat just fell right off the bone of the ribs (must have suffered an uppercut in the kitchen). My guy actually delivered a Sunday punch to the chicken and waffles when he finished all of it (with my help). It came with two gigantic pieces of chicken atop a waffle with bacon. Holy hell it was magical. My other friend liked the pulled pork sandwich. We finished every bite. Our server's eyes widened when she saw our empty plates, but she didn't say anything and nodded knowingly when we played the feeble excuse that we skipped lunch... Oh yeah the prices, super reasonable! The gate sure didn't make a lot off of us despite the vast amount of food we consumed and all the beer I drank.  We picked the one day they don't have happy hour to visit (Saturday), but it's one of the better happy hour offerings I have seen. It was a barnburner for sure. Luckily I was saved by the bell, in the form of my two cornermen who made me leave that wonderful taplist and rolled me out the door. Consider some competitive eating and drinking training before you visit folks because they don't pull any punches. Despite my vast experience in both, I'm still pretty sure my next visit will end in a TKO.*My two passions in life are beer and football. I really don't know anything about boxing and just wanted to entertain myself while writing this review.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,7/7/2012,342,431,8,11,10>Mothers Bistro was one of the best 5 star experiences we've encountered in PDX!  When I write a review, I like to sit back and think of all aspects that need to be said...and Mother's Bistro deserves a pat on the back.We got here and were told to expect up to an hour to get a seat for 2(sat in 20 min).  We were both aware of the long waits at this place, so not only did we not mind the wait, but It's clear why the wait is so long, the food and service were both 5 stars, which have people willing to wait and enjoy a few beverages in the meanwhile.While waiting for a bloody Mary, we spoke briefly with Chef Lisa.  She was really kind, and wanted to make sure that we had been taken care of as far as drinks and seating. My wife pointed out how in sync the staff was.  And she was right, they really are.  The way they swooped in and cleaned off a 6 top, reset and seated within just minutes all while having great communication was impressive.Then comes the food, Oh my goodness....Breakast at it's best.I was split because I had a good feeling this place could pump out some killer Biscuits and Gravy, yet I still wanted to try a scramble.  So I took our servers suggestion and I had Mikes Special Scramble with a half order of biscuits and gravy..."Oh Yeah! How about a Hop Lava while I wait?"  As I sipped my tasty IPA, our food showed up within a great time frame.The B&G was some of the best I've ever had.  That's a bold statement I know, but it was the first time that both the gravy and biscuit really mixed together so well.  The gravy was rich, delicious, and well balanced.  The biscuit was perfectly flaky on the inside, with a delacate crisp on the outside.  It was so good, I'll probably be getting 1.5 orders of B&G on our next visit.  My wife doesn't care for B&G and she was even taking bites, and raving about how good it was, Mother's turned a non-believer!The scramble was solid.  Not the best scramle i've ever had, but perfect for what it was.  Tomatoes, garlic, and basil were the 3 main flavor profiles, yes, I did think it was good, but the B&G had me rather distracted.Bloody mary was perfect as was the mimosas.  I believe they use a fresh squeezed juice for their OJ as well. Nice...We had a wonderful time at Mother's, and we look forward to coming back.
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/12/2013,16,103,4,9,5>After unsuccessfully procuring another gutter repair company to inspect our problematic downspout, I called up these fine people to help us out. They promptly sent out a nice man to balance ever so precariously atop a ladder on our slopetastic home front, insert hand into gutter, pull out a debris catch and solve our issue in less than 2 minutes. He then joked, "that will be $5,000." Ha! But in reality, he didn't even charge us for the visit. I like good honest folks who fix my stuff and don't make me pay for it. I'd recommend this business highly. We'll be calling on them again in the spring for some deck work.
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,12/11/2013,28,131,,12,5>Ok I never thought in a million years I'd write a rave review for a dental office but this business is exceptional.EVERYONE in the office from the receptionist, office manager, hygienist & dentist are so customer service oriented! I've always said a great experience at a business comes from the details.I can't even begin to describe ALL the details but I'll try...Front office:  immaculate modern comfortable, they offer coffee, tea, water, other various items & even juice boxes for the kiddos; appointment running late? Why not go to the back room & relax in the massage chair?Dental stations:  über clean new latest equipment, gives full size sensitive toothpaste in goodie bags if needed, dentist actually spends time with you & checks for oral cancer (it's surprising but not all dentist do this), dry lips? What flavor Chapstick would you like?From the staff to the dentist they try to get to know you. You don't leave feeling like a number or worse $ (which I have experienced in other offices).This will be my family dentist even if we move out of the area! They would be worth the drive.  I'm actually looking forward to my next visitIf it's not already obvious...I highly recommend this dental spa!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/10/2013,273,418,11,12,11>I am not a vegan.I am not even a vegetarian.In fact, I actively seek out new animals to eat that I have not eaten before. (I think the oddest so far would probably be ostrich or python or reindeer...unless, does haggis count?)But I like to eat my veggies, and, even in a place like Portland, veggies are often hard to get when eating out.  The best way to get them is to go to your parents' house or to cook yourself; neither is much of an option for me these days, so I find myself often going restaurants that cater to vegetarians/vegans.However...a problem I often have with them (in particular, vegan places) is that most of the menu seems to be soy-grain-ized versions of meat.  Being someone that eats the real thing, I find these incredibly dull and boring.  Vegan meatloaf, vegan burger, vegan "chicken" sandwich, vegan Rueben, vegan corndog(?), the list goes on and on.  Enough with your oddly-spongy, gelatinous "meat"!  There are tons of crude jokes to be made about this, but, I'll spare you.THIS is NOT one of those places!  Like the very-similar "Prasad" downtown, Canteen has delicious bowls packed with veggies and sauces and FLAVOR.  Unlike Prasad, it seems like you get a lot more for your money at Canteen.  Every time I eat here I end up with a desirable level of fullness and FLAVOR.I've gotten multiple bowls here and they've always been packed with flavor.  They also have my favorite hot sauce available (Secret Aardvark), so that helps too.I was going to give them 4-stars, but then I realized I gave Prasad 4-stars and this place has better portions, better hot sauce, and beer so...I guess I have to 5-star 'em!  I'm such a floozy with my 5-star ratings lately...(obligatory: let us do half-ratings!!!!11)
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,12/9/2013,75,83,,7,7>I stop at this farm stand once or twice a week--a little patch of sunshine among the sprawl of Kruse Way office buildings. For those who work in the area, it's a perfect place to stock up on healthy lunchtime snacks. I just picked up a week's worth for less than $2! I sometimes also grab veggies to go with dinner on my way home (they are open until 5:30). The produce here is so much more flavorful than much of what you can find in the grocery store. Right now (mid-August) there are some great looking raspberries and blueberries, many varieties of squash and some less common items like Asian pears, lemon cucumbers, gorgeous purple bell peppers and yellow wax beans. They always have a lot of flowers as well, at very reasonable prices.Parsons' Kruse Way location is one of six, and I learned today that this spot is unfortunately on borrowed time due to the impending Kruse Village development. Go while you still can! Their season runs through October 31, so if you don't make it to this location before they are forced to close, the others will be open until Halloween.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,12/8/2013,120,118,2,7,3>Even though you have to endure the aroma of the wonderful freshley baked goods while you wait... the brunch is still so good.  I've had their salmon hash and chef omelette.  both were delicious.  always get their butter croissant as the side; it's large, buttery, flaky and soft.  Portion is quite large.  Also serve freshly squeezed OJ and great espresso.  Favorite pastry there: chocolate souffle.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,12/7/2013,252,87,3,11,8>Since I can't afford a private plane to jet me off to Italy anytime I want, I will happily visit Ava Gene's as a back-up.  The cocktails, the wine, the food, the service, and yes, even the bathrooms -  Perfetto!  The flavors are the closest to Italy that you'll find in town, with the perfect amount of Portland to smooth the edges.  Grazie mille per portare i sapori d'italia a portland!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,12/6/2013,376,599,18,12,13>Tacos for $1.25, tall glasses of aqua de Jamaica with free refills, and a lovely dude who works there who says "God bless you!" without a single proselytizing note in his tone when you take your leave. If that's not at least somewhat appealing to you, you are just the worst. The worst! I mean, you could bitch and moan about the scary storefront in the mean ole' Lents neighborhood where homeless people are just itching to sodomize you or whatever they think out there in the 'burbs. But I've been looking for a ridiculously cheap, hole in the wall taqueria that rivals the ones that line the Mission in San Francisco for the seven years I've lived in Portland. One where the food might not take home any prizes for innovation but tastes amazing and fills you up. Turns out, it's a stone's throw from my house and it's just awesome. Except for all the bums trying to get in my butt. You know how it is.Incidentally, since every other reviewer has made some reference to being a happy duck due to El Pato Feliz's name, I won't. But when I found out that was the English translation, I thought it sounded more like a kooky Chinese restaurant. It is not.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,12/5/2013,457,244,14,15,14>I've got to admit, at first I wasn't thrilled.  They told me my baby had issues. Both cosmetically and mechanically.  Daddy doesn't take too kind to those type of words.I went over the report card with them, trying to hold back my unease as they painfully detailed everything that wasn't copacetic with my girl. Sure she didn't purr like she used to, and yes I do like to drive her hard, but still, she's my baby. Ah my six speed, manual transmission, turbo girl, how can this be true?  You eat mountain roads for breakfast, devour Subaru's for dinner while putting the fear of God into those lazy Sunday drivers. Yet, the Yelp reviews for Tom were fantastic, with several from people who I personally know and trust.  So were they really just blowing smoke up my tailpipe?  Nope, while it was hard to hear, they were right.  And not only were they right, they were good. And extremely knowledgeable. So while the sting of being told my Audi girl wasn't up to par was strong, their work and professionalism helped quell the initial mistrust and unease.And while certainly not cheap, the free shuttle and a free rental car really shows their commitment to customer service.The proof of it all?  The TLB driving us home on the 4th (since I imbibed a little too much) and she mentioned how she could really tell the difference in the drive.  She said our baby took off like in the old days and you really had to hold on and take control or else she would get away from you.  That's exactly how my girl should respond.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,12/4/2013,55,152,5,5,6>Roman candle gets a five star review for its Kouign-Amman alone. My death row last meal would definitely end with this soft-crispy-sweet-salty-buttery bit of pastry perfection. I went through withdrawals after Alder closed a while back, and I'm so happy this indulgence has returned to Portland. So, you should probably just stop reading now and go get one.But, while I'm at it, let me say that the place looks great, the service has been super friendly, and I love the pizza Bianca. The Yukon gold potato slice with carmelized onion is comforting and awesome. The flakes of salt on the bottom of the dough are just right. My only wish -- that it was served all day long.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,12/3/2013,36,75,,6,5>*REVIEW FOR THE JUICE CLEANSE*BACKGROUND:I finally made the decision to try juice cleanse! I know there are tons of juice cleanse companies out in the market right now, but I decided to go with a local business that can deliver fresh juices daily for the period of my juice fast. Initially I wanted to choose Kure Juice Bar, simply because I've been there and liked their juices/smoothies. However after checking it out online, I learned that they don't deliver to my zip code (in Beaverton). Greenleaf Juicing Company doesn't have delivery service, so that left Portland Juice Press (most expensive) as my only option.MY ORDER:I decided to go with the 3-day juice cleanse. Some juice companies offer different juices everyday for the duration of your fast, but PJP only offers the same 6 juices for 3 days. However, you CAN customize your own plan and substituted certain juices with their seasonal juices. I went with their menu, but substituted juice #1 with "Blackberry, Ginger, Lemon, Raw Honey, Filtered Water" juice for day 2 and "Pineapple Carrot Orange Nutmeg" juice for day 3.INDIVIDUAL JUICES:#1. the Guru- Apple, Beet, CarrotI never got to try this one because they messed up with my order -_- I had blackberry ginger juice twice on day 1 & 2....#2. the Prana- Romaine, Cilantro, Collard Greens, Cucumber, Lemon, GingerThis juice was alright but I didn't enjoy it. The ginger taste was strong and the cilantro flavor was overpowering. #3. the Dharma- Kale, Spinach, Parsley, Apple, LemonI liked this one, I will try this recipe on my own after the cleanse but without adding parsley.#4. the Dharma2- Pineapple, Coconut h2O, Kale, Spinach, LemonThis one is my favorite, it's the only sweet juice out of all 6 (on their regular juice cleanse menu). I actually enjoyed this one and didn't force myself to finish it.#5. the Mantra- Red Bell Pepper, Carrot, Apple, Broccoli, Cayenne PepperOmg, this one is the worst! The cayenne pepper really burned my throat and together with the bell pepper it tasted awful. It was a torture to drink this one. I think the one I had on day 1 had a lot more cayenne pepper than the one I had on day 2; or maybe I just got used to the flavor after day 1?#6. the Om- Hazelnuts, Cinnamon Stick, Dates, Filtered WaterI thought I would enjoy this one the most, but I didn't care for the strong cinnamon taste. If they used less cinnamon I probably would enjoy it a lot more. However, I started really liking this one on day 2 and 3.## Blackberry, Ginger, Lemon, Raw Honey, Filtered WaterThe ginger taste was really strong, it didn't taste good the first couple sips, but after awhile I got used to it and started tasting the sweetness from the blueberries and honey. Overall it's good but I didn't really enjoy it.### Pineapple Carrot Orange NutmegI'm so glad I got to try this one! This one is my absolute favorite. I can see why, because it contains mainly fruits - sweet and tasty!OVERALL EXPERIENCE:My overall experience was good. I didn't get hungry during the 3 days, and it was pretty easy to go through a day with only these 6 juices. The only things I would complain are the price and the fact that I didn't get to try the Guru juice... I might do another cleanse with PJP in the future!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,2/24/2010,637,638,14,13,13>In true Ana fashion I took my lunch to work and ate it for snack circa 9:30am. Lunch time crept up and I'm hungry again, but this time without back up. Wanting something healthy, I snubbed the local Mexican eateries and headed to New Seasons. Let me tell you, New Seasons is a well oiled machine. As soon as I entered the parking lot I knew I was in for it. Luckily New Seasons anticipates the rush. They are not only well staffed and stocked but they have eating area to spare! As I soon as I walked up to the ready to go food I was met with an employee, ready to dish out the entree of my choosing. I went with some spicy noodle thing. They had healthy choices, whole shit loads..I'm just not very good at picking them when faced with the option. So the lady scoops my noodles onto a nice ceramic plate , I grabbed a bottled beverage and was out in the beautiful outdoor seating area for 5 dollars and some change.After lunch I took a stroll around the store. Mid eaters remorse I stop to glance at the diet pills, the lady was not so knowledgeable and certainly not a good representative the the self proclaimed "friendliest store in town". Something I love about these type of stores is the die hard health nuts that work in the supplement section ready to answer your questions in more depth then you'd ever need. Not so much the case with this lady. I will always hold a grudge for New Seasons for being so fabulous and so out of my price range. However it makes for a nice lunch break,  day dreaming of being a women of leisure.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2009,2/23/2010,122,301,7,11,9>An absolute standout at the Mississippi Marketplace.  I have nowhere near a vegan diet, but I wouldn't even notice a change in the quality of my food if I ate here every day. The woman at the window was very helpful as I tried to imagine what each item meant -- I'm not well-versed in ways of vegans.  She kindly offered to give me a mix of three items for $8 and I eat offers like that right up.What I got:Quinoa pancake -- this is a must-try.Your home fries -- basic potatoes, onions and garlic.  A reliable dish.Curry scramble -- not sure where this was on the menu, but having curry for breakfast sure is under-rated!  Tempeh, cauliflower...you name it.I'd go back.  This cart really sets the bar high for this pod.
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,2/22/2010,22,29,13,17,13>i'm a fan of simple food cart menus - why clutter your menu with 89673 items, when you can have 1 perfect lunch item? i love the dosirak lunchbox so much, it's hard for me to venture out to other carts sometimes.i wasn't much of a teriyaki fan before this little yellow cart of friendly lunchtime simplicity moved onto my office's block. like others have said, they win you over with the free sample. the chicken is SO GOOD. the sauce is not too sweet or salty. and they provide rooster sauce with added vinegar, which the dosirak lady recommended to me, and of course, it was awesome on the chicken and rice.the happy korean couple running the cart know my special order (white rice, no mandoo), so i kind of feel like norm walking into cheers when i visit this cart.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,2/21/2010,187,281,10,23,13>It's really hard for me to categorize this shop - they offer such an eclectic mix of things. Are they a clothing and accessories store? Absolutely. Will you find nearly limitless gift ideas there? You bet. Looking for plants, for indoors or out? You'll be amazed at what you'll find at Oxalis. An amazing collection of hats. I could go on and on, but instead I'll suggest you give them a visit.The proprietors, Holly and Leslie, are incredibly friendly folks - I love being around them. They have such an eye for beautiful, witty, sometimes kitschy things that all work together. Both in the shop and in the backyard garden area, you'll be surrounded by things that will make you smile, will brighten your day, will make you want to take them home with you. I defy you to find a better customer service experience - I don't think it exists.Be forewarned: Oxalis isn't that easy to find - it's somewhat hidden away. For reference, it's in the same block as the Food Front CoOp, around the corner from Dragonfly Coffee. I think you'll be glad you found them.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,2/20/2010,126,2155,20,21,23>I've been wanting to do this for awhile - This is my attempt at mapping and reviewing every Benson Bubbler in the city. How about a little history? It was a thoughtful gesture from a major employer--but it was not exactly popular with local brewers and barkeepers of the time. By the turn of the twentieth century, Simon Benson had become well known as one of Portland's most prolific lumber barons, civic leaders and philanthropists. One day in 1912, Benson--himself a teetotaler--was walking the floor of one of his many lumber mills when he noticed the smell of alcohol on workers' breath. When asked why they had been drinking beer during the day, the men responded that there were no ready sources of fresh drinking water available. To provide an alternative midday beverage, Benson immediately commissioned 20 elegant, bowl-shaped freshwater drinking fountains, affectionately referred to this day as the "Benson Bubblers." Beer consumption in the city reportedly decreased 25 percent after the fountains were installed but historians note that this was more likely due to the emerging temperance movement than 20 new drinking fountains. The first Benson Bubbler was installed with much fanfare at S.W. 5th and Washington Streets--just a few steps from the famous Benson Hotel. The graceful, four-bowl fountain designs were created by A. E. Doyle, noted architect of both the Multnomah County Library and the Meier & Frank Building. By 1917, the city had installed 40 of the fountains throughout the downtown area. Benson originally had decreed that the Portland water fountains run 24 hours a day, seven days a week, but today, they have timers and run freely from 5:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. daily. The common four-bowl models consume less than four gallons of water per minute--and on hot days, they can help refresh an entire metropolitan city. In 2005, the Portland Water Bureau installed small flow-restriction devices to the Benson Bubblers to reduce their overall water consumption. While they do not alter the physical appearance of the fountains, they have reduced water use 47% while maintaining adequate flow and pressure for drinking. Overall, the Benson Bubblers use less than one-tenth of one percent of Portland's daily water demand. "If historical landmarks you seek, Out in Portland we've something unique: Benson Bubblers you'll see. Drinking water flows free And they're cleaned every day of the week." --Susan L. - - - - - Notes: The first Benson Bubbler installed in Portland Location: SW 5th and Washington. Number of Bubblers: Four Likelihood that it has been peed in: Medium. High foot traffic during the day and proximity to office buildings and coming bus mall would likely discourage such events. At night however, SW 5th is a quiet, lonely street. Anything is possible. Likelihood that it has been showered in: Medium. For same reasons as outlined above. Likelihood that pets have drank from it: Low. SW 5th is not exactly the most popular route for pet owners traipsing around the city.Five stars for being the first bubbler in Portland and having a relatively low risk of biological hazard to the user.
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2009,2/19/2010,264,523,9,13,13>Calling all bride- and grooms-to be, business and event coordinators, Andina has an outstanding private dining and private party space. If would be a waste not to have a look. We would highly recommend Andina for anyone hosting a private party. Their private dining room, Tupai, is sleek, modern and warm. The natural light and eucalyptus wood floors provided ample warmth throughout against the frosted glass and glossy white walls. The room lent itself well to live music, as we enjoyed the sample of Peruvian music during the event.Besides location, do not underestimate Andina's servers and bartenders; they are the cream de la creme of service people. The food and drinks are fabulous. The food was amazing and will please lots of palates. We left wanting more. Completely, worth it.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,2/18/2010,88,151,13,15,14>Never in my life have I ever been able to discuss French philosophers, ancient philosophers then have a heated debate about what makes a "gourmand" a true "gourmand" in France.I walked in here, weary of what I was getting into a smile pasted on my face. For those who know me- they know I never turn down an opportunity to have a conversation- this place was.. AWESOME.Big guy was just a treat. While pushing my buttons in various ways in order to spark intelligent talks, I sipped my super heavy $4.50 whiskey and coke. I spent $5 on 10 songs in the old school jukebox.Some dude named Bill- OH correction William something something rather the III from New Jersey- kept making small talk with me. Felt bad for the guy he hit on me and was like, "My parents are rich, they own horses." I was like... lemme drink.The bartender is a delight- and he is the one reason to come in alone.The local clientele are the typical street wanderers, awkward crack addicts, sometimes drunks, guys/girls who are looking to be laid on a Wednesday, barflys.. and fun bartenders.Come in. Try it for the Hell of it- and play some Nina Simone or maybe even some Rick James on the Jukebox. Come with a smile, leave in a haze.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,2/17/2010,66,83,10,12,13>Honestly, I could wax poetic about The Observatory in ways that could put even myself to shame.  But, no, I won't do that.  Frankly, The Observatory deserves better.  The reinterpretation of salade niçoise with trout was one of, if not the, best salad I have ever had--my mouth is watering now at the very memory of it. Let me just break that down for you: a salad.mouthwatering.  just off 82nd Avenue.  All of the above--save the 82nd Avenue, because, frankly that continues to shock the living daylights out of me--combined with some tasty cocktails and ever-amusing props, such as the graciously provided Slang Flashcards, there is no way I could ever discount the loveliness of The Observatory in poorly considered rhymed verse.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/4/2009,2/16/2010,241,429,21,16,17>Oh. My. GAWD, I LOVE cherry rum.  It is SO. Good.Wait, what?Vault wasn't my idea.  I'd been there a time or two in the past but it wasn't my kinda place, more of a sugar daddy recruiting center.  But the suggestion was made and I thought I had some money to spend (oops) so I went along.The HH drink menu is pretty awesome, but not at all meant for straight dudes.  Lots of mango and chocolate martinis.  But I saw the cherry drop, which reminded me of another drink called the cherry bomb so I went for it.  It was pretty damn good.  I think most of our group ended up getting one.I thought the service was pretty good.  The bartender was our waiter early on, then a dedicated bartender came on but closing out (and yes, splitting the check) with this new person seemed to go pretty well.The food's okay, the crostini was in particular well done.  It's all a bit, well, Pearly in it's pricing.So, Vault's okay, I wouldn't feel bad about heading there again, but it sure ain't no Low Brow.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2009,2/15/2010,104,175,22,25,17>There are very few people in the world who can convince me to drop trou in front of them after having known them for all of ten minutes or so. So far the list includes a Utilikilt sales rep, a very special piercer, and Sean at Infinity. I walked in a couple of weeks ago with a rather large text piece that I wanted to have done, but very few convictions in terms of details. Last night I arrived at 5:30 for my appointment and spent the next 45 minutes working on the exact font, spacing, and placement. Sean was great about making my text piece unique and making sure that the placement worked with my body -- the placement that meant me standing in the middle of the (incredibly beautifully decorated) shop with one butt cheek hanging out and a less-than-appropriate angling of my jeans over my pelvis. Three hours of pain and ass-baring later, I'm absolutely ecstatic with my piece and thankful to the staff who didn't bat an eye when I walked past them half-naked from the waist down in order to examine the placement in their full-length mirror.Oh, and these people are actually nice! Not once did I feel like an idiot, as I have in many other shops (and social situations.. personal situations.. job interviews.. you name it). Professional, clean, beautiful space and fantastic artists. Make sure you check out the portfolios for all the artists - there's some mind-blowing work in there. I know where I'll be heading for my elusive half sleeve (although I hear they're booked out 8+ months in advance).
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,3/5/2012,106,368,6,12,9>This delightful little Mecca of pupusas cannot be praised enough. The interior is so simple yet the staff is so warm. Everywhere you look in Sabor Salvadoreno you see smiles. You leave this delightful restaurant feeling warm in both your belly and your soul.On this my third visit I had the courage to ask one of the smiling young ladies how to properly eat a pupusa. I wasn't smart enough to figure this out on my own so I'd like to share the proper pupusa eating etiquette with my fellow Yeeps.First you put the curtido (cabbage slaw) in the middle of the pupusa. Secondly you pour the tomato salsa on top of the cabbage slaw. Finally you fold the pupusa and eat it like a taco. Wow! A pupusa is so delicious and it only costs $2!Add rice and beans to your pupusas and you have a near perfect meal. Speaking of rice, Sabor Salvadoreno makes outstanding Spanish rice. I'm convinced that Sabor Salvadoreno is the perfect cure for the Winter blues. This fun restaurant can warm you up and knock out your depression all in one blow.
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,3/4/2012,100,167,10,11,10>Sometimes when I'm looking for good food I feel a bit like Holly Golightly, peering into the window at Tiffany's lusting over expensive things I cannot afford.  Unlike Holly, however, I can do more than get a cracker jack box ring engraved at Tiffany's.  I don't need to go to an expensive place and get the cheapest thing on the menu when we have plenty of places here in Portland that offer quality eats on the cheap!  When my date suggested we hit up this little Italian spot last night for dinner my first thought was that I'd have to check my bank account, but I was pleasantly surprised at the menu and prices!  We got bruschetta and two entrees for only $22!!  He had the risotto and I had the ....something with a weird name that resembled penne alla vodka.  The noodles were cooked to a perfect al dente texture and the tomato cream sauce was delicious!  It was plenty of food as well, they didn't skimp on portions which I expected they might for the price.  I am definitely a fan and next time I want italian on the cheap this is my new go to spot!  I'm so glad I am discovering places like this that don't break the bank but still deliver in terms of quality!
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,3/3/2012,131,570,15,46,13>My friends and I had this ongoing discussion (argument) about which US president would kick every other president's ass:"Duh, Andrew Jackson. The dude was almost killed by a guy, then he turned around and whooped his ass.""Yeah, but Teddy Roosevelt wasn't just a hunter. He was a kick-ass boxer. I bet he died with boxing gloves on.""Well, Lincoln was like 10 feet tall, so he could just stomp on everyone."As always, everyone's logic was flawless.When speaking about burgers, I'd have to say that Rachel's would win any battle it could possibly find itself in. I just don't know why anyone would want to battle Rachel's. Their burgers win. Hands down. They're amazing.Everyone is looking for the Oregon In N Out.As an In N Out addict, whose college had an In N Out on campus, I will say that this is the real deal. It'll tide you over until you can get that Double-Double action.I have to do one better and tell you that I fully support the owners. This business is a memorial to their daughter, and an amazing memorial at that. She would LOVE this place.Rachel's mother was actually the one that took our order the second time we were here.I'm incredibly thankful to her for opening this establishment, because every time I bite into one of their burgers, I feel like I'm at a better version of that place with the crossed palm trees and long line.They have a drive-thru if you're escaping from your home only to eat Rachel's and get back in your cave in a flash (been there, done that). I also ate here TWO DAYS IN A ROW. No joke. It was an episode of extreme craving that I MIGHT want to relive. Someday.You'd better get in here before everyone discovers this place and they run out of food in a burgerocalypse, or at least before they get arrested for whooping every other burger place into oblivion.Did I mention that it costs less than a fast food chain restaurant?Oh, now I've really gone and done it.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2011,3/2/2012,276,315,11,22,20>I don't know why it took me so long to try this place out.  It's probably because I now live on the other side of the river, and some of us-- who shall remain nameless-- have a bit of a poopoo attitude about the east side.  Well, as a former east sider, and full-blooded Filipino, I couldn't be happier to have finally had the Tambayan experience.The menu is pleasantly extensive for a small spot, likely helping to ensure that most, if not all, Filipino regional palates can be satiated.  It's a very meat-centric (predominantly pork) menu; vegetarians will still find a few options, but vegans will leave hungry.  Note to the vegans: Don't dock the place for that; an entire culture's cuisine won't simply bow down to your personal preference.I've barely scratched the surface in terms of their menu, having only sampled about seven of their tasty offerings.  A must-have are the "Tokwa't Baboy" (as an appetizer) and "Lechon Kawali" (among the entree selections).  Their "Binagoongan na Baboy" is also quite delectable, but may not sit well to those uninitiated in the magic of shrimp paste.  If you're a newby to the cuisine, I would suggest you order their "Mongo" along with it as it will help to temper the strong taste of the shrimp paste.  Their "Adobo" has a hint of sweetness to which I'm not accustomed but it was still delicious.  And their "Dinuguan" (don't ask what's in the broth!) is as authentic as it gets.  A meal also isn't complete without their noodle dishes. My favorite (thus far) is their "Pancit Bihon."  (Don't skimp on the fish sauce!)I cannot wait to try the rest of their menu, especially several items listed under the "Combo Meals" section that are predominantly enjoyed during morning meal time.  Filipino Brunch, anyone?I'm aware of and have tried only two other joints in the greater Portland area (including Beaverton and Hillsboro) that offer Filipino cuisine, and I'm delighted to report that they're all quite tasty.  But Tambayan will be a place to which I will not hesitate in bringing family and friends-- especially those who haven't tried Filipino cuisine before.  They will not be disappointed.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,3/1/2012,84,213,3,12,8>WOW.  I haven't had a breakfast this simple and tasty in as long as I can remember.  This place was fantastic, and I'm surprised it took me this long to find this place.Compote is what an outsider would imagine of every restaurant in Portland if he or she watches Portlandia.  Very high ceilings, lots of natural light, lots of effort to make this place plastic free, environmentally friendly, and local (they have a photo book of the chickens that lay the eggs that we are eating).  Come on.  Besides being the quintessential cafe, Compote is serving up some new takes at breakfast foods.  Plus they do perfect poached eggs - they're beautiful pearls that have sunshine oozing out once you dig your fork into it.  My friend and I shared two dishes - poached eggs on top of kale and hash browns (instead of an english muffin! i liked the substitution) and some vegan/gluten free sweet potato pancakes with the pear ginger and cranberry apple (i think) compotes.  They also gave us some organic maple syrup, which I ended up drinking at the end of the meal because I didn't want it to go waste.The coffee was only served as pour over or espresso based, and I thought it was delicious.  I don't have any complaints about the wait because I sat there having a conversation with a friend and the food magically appeared in front of us at some point and we ate it. Please try this place!
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,2/29/2012,43,65,7,14,12>This is the real deal! You can fake good service just like you can fake sincerity, concern and orgasms; but you can't fake excellent food.I say that because I know one of the chefs here, and well, we probably get some special treatment for that, which means the service (Which has always been excellent) that we experience may not be what one could expect if you were just Joe and Jane Schmoe popping in for dinner, so let's just leave the service discussion out for now and talk about the food. We have been here three times now and I must say, every dish I have had has been top of the charts on flavor, last night was no exception. We had a party of six celebrating birthdays, for starters, the chef sent out a fried cheese stuffed ravioli appetizer  with a delicious fresh tomato puree', next up were the salads, four of us had the grilled romaine which is dressed with Gorgonzola and crispy pancetta, if you have never had grilled romaine, I can recommend it highly, the searing effect brings out a sweetness that is just lovely and the cheese with the pancetta is perfect with it. Two other members of our party had the fresh greens with pear and hazelnuts, both said it was possibly the best salad they had ever had.Here's where the menu takes a turn, you have the option of ordering half portions so you could have a pasta course, then a meat course, or just have a full portion of the pasta or the meat of your choice as your next course. We had done the split plate thing last time, so we decided on full plates for the next course. I went with the Osso Bucco, one of my favorite dishes, their version of it was delightful. My better half and her cousin had the Lamb Ragu' over pasta, which was incredible, one birthday boy had the braised Rabbit with porcini mushrooms over egg noodles, the other had the Bistecca, a dry aged New York steak with roasted mushrooms and truffle dressed fries, both reported loving their dishes. The most loquacious of our group had the Agnolotti with lobster, I could endlessly wax poetically how delicious that is, but I'll just say, after that arrived to the table she hardly uttered a word except to say how delicious it was between moans of taste sensing ecstasy. Finally, The Chef sent out a plate of perfectly grilled lamb chops on some delicious white beans with arugula for us each to sample, that were just out of this world.The wine list is very good and the waiters are all very knowledgeable in helping you select that perfect bottle or glass. I might add, if you like Manhattans(and boy do I!), the bartender makes a killer Makers Mark Manhattan.Now to the service, yes, my wife and I do get excellent service here, possibly because I know someone, but I watched the wait staff work the room on an incredibly crowded Saturday Night, water glasses were being filled, special requests were taken, menus were explained, dishes were cleared and new ones were brought pleasantly, quickly and efficiently.......for everybody. So if they are faking it, they're faking it for everybody.And like I said, you can't fake excellent food; THIS is a place with excellent food!
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,2/28/2012,21,41,17,10,12>My colon and i have an understanding, or we did.  It was a mutual respect, a symbiotic lovefest if you will:  I take care of it, and it takes care of me (if you know what i mean).  But, it doesn't take Doogie Houser MD to know that I am potentially stabbing my colon in the back by eating this pizza.  And, for the medically curious, your colon has a back--look for the "exit" sign.Based on the obscene amounts of toppings they serve, the pizza must be made in some twisted Willy Wonka-like sausage factory (which, as a side note, made me feel uncomfortable typing).  Cascades of sausage, onions, peppers simply relaxing in a  hot tub of melting cheese.We have always gotten take out, but i consider the locale perfect.: why fix the place up--focus on me and my colon's needs!  If i wanted a fine dining pizza experience i would go to El Gaucho (with my Flying Pie slice in my pocket--wouldn't be the first time).One thing the other reviews haven't hit on (besides my colonic needs) is the day after (for the pizza, not my colon).  For some reason, this pizza doesn't age well:  it bocomes soggier than a baby's bib at an onion eating contest.  You are thus forced to eat as much as you can in one sitting, but there are worse fates in life.   Like being born with hammertoes, for instance (sorry mom).
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,2/27/2012,35,108,9,8,12>Supporting LaMarcus as he goes from "Robin" to "Batman" Losing my voice on a Saturday afternoon for BRoy's game 4 of the 2011 playoffsLosing my voice when Andre Miller hit 52 points..miss you Dre.Losing my voice when B Roy hits career high 52 points.Losing my voice when the first chant of Marcus Camby filled the Garden.Losing my voice those many times Lakers try and fail.Being bitterly disappointed during the "Dark Era"... real bitter.Rocking the band-aid tribute for the amazing Rasta Monster and always the top favorite, Brian Grant.Chanting "Go Home Mailman" during the playoffs.  Trying not to "dork out"  while meeting Clyde, Porter and Duckworth.Figuring out how to eat cheap before going into the Garden.  Opening wallet for cotton candy for the little Girl who knows the players and their jersey numbers by heart (without any adult prompting).Watching my son shake hands with Armon Johnson while telling him he's big enough to be a Good Guy (a 5 year old with a serious case of Superhero addiction)Tons of memories and even more in the making.. good and bad.Go Blazers!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2011,2/26/2012,258,205,9,9,7>I am a pie person while my boyf is very unfortunately much more of a cake person. To split the difference, I spend my "alone time" amongst the company of pies, to be specific, the Pacific Pie Company. But really, how can one not like pie? It comes in options of loaded-with-fresh-Oregon-berries and stuffed-with-copious-amounts-of-beef-and-gravy. Beef in a cake? Unless we're talking beefcake, I think not.Pacific Pie Company, although it may be one of the few pie-devoted places in all of Portland, does pie good. Perfect, buttery, flaky crusts, well-balanced fillings, and best of all, perfectly sized portions! So you know your limits, you pie lushes. One pie at a time, *SIGH*, just one pie at a time. Luckily PPC won't need to play bartender since they always have a nice stash of ready-to-bake frozen pies for your future pie-hole filling.So boyf, unless you've got an awesome cakeshop rebuttal, eat your pie-encrusted heart out.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2011,2/25/2012,54,114,4,9,5>Can't say enough good things about FDNL. First and foremost, they are no kill. Nuff said.Their website is incredible: its blog-style approach, with profiles of adoptable dogs written in first person is genius. The shelter is lucky to have a wonderful photographer who donates his time to help FDNL show just how sweet their adoptable dogs are --- and that is a HUGE reason for their success, in my opinion. Those adorable, well-timed and perfectly placed photos melt hearts across this fair city, and help jam the doorway to this tiny yet popular shelter. Additionally, FDNL gets it that pitbulls are not the mean, horrible, out-of-control rage-filled killers that headlines like to scream about, and they highlight these large creampuff dogs via short videos, or "piteos," as they call them. Sheer genius. These piteos have great themes, and show the much maligned terrier in a truer light.The shelter building itself is remarkable in that it's amazing to believe that they do such a fine job in such a small, somewhat beaten-down space. This is not to insinuate that it's dirty, disorganized, or dangerous... just the opposite. I only wish the donor fairy would wave his glittery wand over FDNL, giving them a building that matches the passion and dedication that comes from the staff, and the love that comes from its community.The staff is friendly, efficient, and they don't just adopt their dogs to the first person who's interested. The application asks some pretty serious, detailed questions. Supplement that by some well-placed, "are you ready for this breed? he/she will (insert character trait here) from time to time..."  and you've got a pretty good screening process. Some may see this as attempts to be negative or dissuading... but I see it more as the staff being serious advocates for the dogs --- no one wants to see them come back because things didn't work out.One piece of advice:  if you've fallen in love with a dog from the shelter website or the Facebook page, get to the shelter early. And I mean early --  like an hour before they open. Friends gave me this advice, and it was excellent.Our third dog is a FDNL graduate -- and we love him more than keyboards can type. Our gratitude to the staff for taking him in, for showing him off, and for making sure our family offered  the best possible parents and dog siblings is sincere and heartfelt.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,11/6/2012,294,129,7,19,17>Libraries.  I love them.This is a smaller one but the best thing about libraries is that you can place something on hold and pick it up at your neighborhood library.  I do this all the time for TV shows I can't get since I don't have cable.  Or even movies I missed in the theatre and aren't streaming on Netflix yet.  Plus, I get an email when it's almost time to return my books and DVD's so I don't ever have to worry about "oh no... when are my library books due??".  I have a 2nd grader.  If anyone else has a kid this age, they know that part of their homework is to read 20 min a day.  A kid will go through A LOT of books this way.  The cool thing about this library is that there are sections for the kids where they are grouped by reading skill.  So, I just go and pick up another stack of level 2 books for my kid's homework and return them when he is done.  It works.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  The computer check out system works like magic (I still don't understand how the machine just knows what you're checking out when you put your items on the tray thing).  I've also noticed computers here so if you need access to internet, you can go here.  Free Wi-Fi is also available.All in all, I've been extremely impressed with my little library.  Thanks!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,11/5/2012,158,216,11,11,9>Oh luc lac. how I love you, even in the scorching heat of 80 I came to you. I licked my fingers noisily after noshing on wings of delight. I grotesquely chewed on the sugar cane after devouring the shrimp, not a care in the world as sugary syrup dribbled down my chin. I don't care you hear me!! it's really that tasty. We usually just get the nibbly plates and share, just snacking in the afternoon. However, recently we've been doing the vermicelli bowls. Their bowls are huge and filling but not in that "omg I'm going to have to run an extra 3 miles" kinda way ( not that I would know I hate running) perfect for the heat. Ben L cause he's crazy gets the pho, which admittedly is very tasty. so the break down. Great:sugar cane shrimp (slurp)wingsla lot beef salad (be warned...it's not really a salad..just really yummy cuts of barely cook meat)vermicelli bowlsphogood: cocktailsbad: no air conditioning so not really bad for the 10 out of 12 months of the year.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,11/4/2012,265,215,8,13,9>I've lived in Portland proper for a decade. If you include suburbia, I've lived in the Portland area for almost 15 years. That's a long time. For a majority of that time, I had  a disposable income. (That means I work in the service industry, and before I was a restaurant manager, I was a server and bartender and had cash tips to spend on any kind of frivolous frivolties I felt like. Which usually included cocktails, clothes and books, with an occasional pedicure thrown in.) What that means: I spent a large portion of my 20's getting frequent pedicures and occasional manicures. I know my nail salons. And while I no longer have the cash to spring for pretty colors on my digits as frequently these days, I definitely find my way to nail salon several times a year (especially in the summmmmmertime). Every nail salon I've been has been okay. No place made me want to swear my loyalty. Until I went to Envy Nails last week. What has given my bees their knees? I'll tell you:* They take credit cards. Again, as a person who doesn't make cold hard cash anymore, a nail salon that takes debit or credit cards is automatically on my good list. * They are suuuuuper nice. Sometimes you'll get people who keep trying to upsell you, but these ladies just did their thing and were sweet the whole time.* They have yellow nail polish. Not unique, perhaps, but totally feeds my current yellow fetish. * They give you a massage! The lady doing my nails came out from behind her desk while painting my nails and actually massaged my neck and shoulders for a few minutes. Blissful.* Prices are competitive: for a mani/pedi, I spent $35, plus tip. * Envy Nails is just down the street from my house, and convenience plays a big role in where I end up.I have been (half-heartedly) looking for a go-to nail salon for the few times a year I want to pretty-fy my toes, and I have found it. Holllller.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,11/3/2012,236,543,4,10,11>Beam & Anchor represents authentic handcrafted and upcycled Northwest American beauty. The vibe is 20th century made-in-America classic items, built to last by Americans.This store is a warm labor of love collected from local craftspeople. Furniture, jewelry, candles, purses, bags, dog leashes - collars, scents, knives, kitchen items, crockery, pillows, lighting, pens, and notebooks mix with near antiques. The most stunning work is the furniture. Early-mid-century classics and industrial shop items are updated with new upholstery, including Eames-Herman Miller rockers in Pendleton fabrics. Old tables and factory bases wear their age with new local Northwest hardwood tops, from trees older than a hundred years, and impeccably finished. Classic couches and chairs assume a new fifty to one hundred years life with durable recoverings and renewal. New handcrafted furniture is mixed in at reasonable prices given the craftsmanship and materials. Many of their makers are in the self same building - that's local!It's a highly curated perfect Portland complement to Redux, Crafty Wonderland and Tanner Goods. They take The Good Mod-like items and improve them. These items at ABC would be four times the price. It would be an excellent place to shop for creative, designer and artistic individuals who have a romance for aesthetics that fall in time between before great grandparents and after mid-century modern.If you are visiting Portland, have friends & relatives visiting, or live in Portland and are looking for handcrafted items, you will enjoy visiting this store. In fact, you might just want to set up an old canvas tent, light a campfire, put some coffee, bacon and eggs on, curl up in your Pendleton and live here!(Note Interstate Avenue is divided here, the best parking is on N. Knott Street off Mississippi, they have a small lot, or walk from N. Russell nearby)
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,11/2/2012,127,273,3,24,12>We've been living in the Indigo since May.  One of the best places to live in Portland honestly.  The rent is pricey in terms of the Portland market, but very reasonable in the larger scale of modern downtown apartments.  People constantly bitch and moan about Portland's downtown but honest to god you will never find rent this cheap any other legitimate west coast city.  The apartment is gorgeous floor-to-ceiling windows, quiet, safe, and elegant. I feel a deep sense of pride inviting others to the place I live.  The rooftop lounge is the ultimate summer hang out and the movie theatre is a great place to host a party. The gym has never been packed and the concierge team is amazing.This is a cool apartment because it's near Whole Foods, Fred Meyers, loads of restaurants and bars, and concert venues.One of my favourite features is that local restaurants Masu and Jake's will deliver food directly to your apartment.  Nothing beats a hot bowl of ramen hand-delivered on a rainy day.    I love the air conditioning in the summer.  The kitchen is large, and all the appliances are modern. Everyone in the building has so far been friendly.  Also the building is pet-friendly and does not discriminate by breed.You can get a load of services to your room other than just food too, like a masseuse, a personal trainer, an interior designer, an organizational assistant, a pet trainer, cleaning services, and pet-sitting.One of my favourite things so far is a recently developed concierge-team website where you can make all your requests for services online and also track your packages.  Oh, and they offer free coffee in the morning to residents.  Just bring your mug downstairs, and ta-da! A hot cup of coffee, with love from Indigo.  You can even plop down in the lobby and read the New York Times before you head off to work.What can I say?  I'm a downtown kind of girl.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,11/1/2012,99,154,6,10,6>Like The Waffle Window needs another review? Meh, I'm doing it anyways!I've lived in Portland for some time now, but the chance to dine at this literal hole-in-the-wall has eluded me. Several attempts were thwarted by random closings, but my persistence has finally paid off. To celebrate, I had to get the classic Three B's. It was worth the wait. Delicious!I've only had 1 waffle here, but I will be back with a vengeance. There are countless more waffles to try, and I must try them all! With a mix of sweet and savory options, $4-5 gets you a tasty breakfast or hearty snack. And you really can't argue with that, now can you?
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2012,10/31/2012,145,186,8,10,9>What a breath of fresh air this place is. For so many weeks I rode past it with apprehension because of where it is situated.  It's right on the corner of  Interstate and Rosa Parks so I thought that parking would be weird.  Or parking my bike would be weird? Or maybe I am just a drama queen that should shut her face because when I finally went,  I scored a parking spot right out front and a ton of cute gear. Aside from having a cool name, Button has a great variety of used items.  Even stuff for kids that are planned nicely and really meet the needs of the thrifty North Portlander.  Name brand jeans for less than $30, hats and accessories, fancy dresses. I think the best thing about this shop is the super adorable owner who paints a lovely picture of the North Portland vibe; easy going yet helpful and kind.  She even went out of her way to make feel better after witnessing me trying to squeeze my fat ass into some tiny red pants with no success. Anyone who can make me feel skinny when I am clearly feeling like a manatee gets an A+ in my book!I scored three nice shirts, a dress and some sassy red cowboy boots for under $80.  I love this place and I hope it stays around for a long time.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,10/30/2012,113,90,8,9,8>Up until a couple weeks ago, I hadn't been to a dentist in 5-6 years. I'm not proud, but hey, I was a college student and mostly uninsured. Also, who digs the dentist? Yeah, no one, except maybe dentists and those who have a crush on their dentist.I did a lot of googling and yelping and finally decided to try this place out. They have great hours; they are one of the only dentist offices around open after 4pm (seriously, wtf Portland) and open on Saturdays. I'm insured, but my boyfriend isn't and they cater to that so that was a big plus for me.This place is a trip. During my first visit I was cracking up out of awkwardness when they kept offering me spa-like treatments: paraffin wax for your hands, scented lotions, aromatherapy for your temples, and specialized ipad minis to listen to while you're in the chair. I was confused and hesitant to accept anything because it all seemed so strange. This is a dentist, right? White walls that give you nightmares and doctors with hands the size of planets diving into your mouth cave? Nope, not this place. The decor inside is much more like a Portland home than an office. It's clean, but comfortable. The lighting is relaxing, and those who work there aren't that noisy or bustling like I've experienced in the past. They have a rhythm that works for them.Both my first exam and my second for the cleaning were both very pleasant visits. Each assistant and dentist I had contact with was genuinely friendly and accommodating, and always made sure to ask if I was doing okay. What really sold me was when I warned my dentist before the cleaning that my tongue had a mind of its own, she smiled and joked back with me that it happens a lot. This may not resound with you - but I was expecting an awkward laugh and weirdness, because I am awkward and weird. Alas, not this time! I'm not saying I made a bestie, but I appreciate the laid-back attitudes everyone has. I honestly don't know how their prices compare to other dentists, because I haven't checked.. my insurance paid for the visits and cleaning. I do need more work done, but no way to pay for it (which is why they lose a star). I wish they took Care Credit so I could add the fillings to my pile of debt, because I'm pretty positive that teeth fillings will never be something I save for.
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2012,10/29/2012,188,386,15,22,9>You know that Twilight Zone with the guy, and the books, and the apocalypse, and the broken glasses?For years, I lived in fear of being that guy. He was going to be me: the one with the broken glasses, despondent on the steps of the library. The one feeling my way down the hallway as the zombies grabbed at my ankles. The one whose contacts somehow incubate the infection that kills off all life on this otherwise deserted island.But now?T Z E O C L?Yeah, I got this. Two weeks ago, my vision was something in the ballpark of 20 / 800. At my follow-up today, I'm at 20 / 15.I've become a walking billboard, a poster child, an obnoxious radio ad for King LASIK. When what they sell is unaided clear vision, and what you get is exactly that... how can you give less than five stars?Some notes:- The staff and opticians are darlings, incredibly professional, and clear communicators.- You'll go in a handful of times. There's the evaluation, the actual surgery, and then a 1-day, 1-week, and 1-month check-up. They are thorough.- You won't likely meet your surgeon until the day of the appointment, but he'll make you feel at ease, he'll do a great job, and...- The actual procedure is QUICK! So quick. Just when I was getting panicky and thinking ... um, guys? I dunno if this is such a good idea, guys... it was over!- The best piece of advice I received -- and have since been applying liberally to all parts of my life -- was: sleeping is healing. Sleep as much as possible right away.- The prescriptions are expensive -- mine ran me around $130 total. Use insurance if you have it.- The medicated eyedrops leave a gross taste in your mouth and can make your throat dry. You do the anatomy on that one.- Given the opportunity, it's OK to get a Groupon for LASIK. I know, it sounds sketchy. But here's the trick: DO YOUR RESEARCH before you make the purchase. Or do what I did: get one of your friends to do it first! I'm pretty sure King LASIK offered it this year because...- This office has moved fairly recently into its new digs, which appears to be an old bank building. The coins inlaid in the glass entry doors will tip you off if the drive-thru window on the far side doesn't. Once you step in, though, it's all doctor-level hi-tech, accommodating and welcoming and spotless.- After you're all done, you'll be one giant leap ahead of those poor vision-impaired schmos when the apocalypse rears its ugly head. Lemme at 'em, I say. I'm ready for anything now.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,10/28/2012,143,429,17,13,11>There is no better way to celebrate your gay husband's birthday than with a couple of martinis and an enormous piece of meat.I pre-booked a table for 4 via Open Table a few days before with a written notation that it was for Eric C's birthday and they could feel free to embarrass him in any way they saw fit.  Knowing it was a steakhouse and not a Mexican Cantina I knew it wouldn't be much.  When we arrived at Ringside, I have to admit I felt truly sorry for the valet as I handed over the keys to my trusty ol' Jeep, Wesley, fully lamenting not vacuuming him out anytime in the last 6 months.  We were a little early for our reservation and still waiting on one member of our party so we sidled into the bar for a few drinks and an appetizer.  The birthday boy, Eric C. and I shared an order of oysters on the half shell whilst Lisa G. looked on in disgust, not being a seafood fan.  Something is wrong with that one.I would love to say that the oysters were fab, but I can't.  Whoever shucked them did a shoddy job and left not only a disgusting amount of sand in them, but we both ended up with pieces of shell.  The champagne mignonette that was served with them added absolutely no flavor to the oysters and we quickly asked the waitress for some cocktail sauce.  Some time later she finally brought the cocktail sauce, however instead of being a small dish, it was a large gravy boat; weird?  She cited that it took so long because they had to make a fresh batch, however, I'm fairly certain she was lying to cover the fact that she just forgot about us, because it looked and tasted no different than the stuff that comes in a bottle.After we left the bar dinner was great.  I think my favorite part of dinner was actually the salads.  I started with Annie's Gathered Greens, a mixture of mixed greens, blue cheese, pine nuts, fresh strawberries and balsamic vinaigrette.  The good thing about sitting next to someone is imbibing in whatever they are eating also.  Jaime L. opted for the Roasted Beet Salad of greens, peppered goat cheese, candied walnuts and thinly sliced beets in a light vinaigrette.  Every time she turned her head to the right another walnut mysteriously jumped off her plate and onto my fork.  Weird how that happens.  Eric C. opted for the house Caesar with heart of romaine, shaved parmesan, croutons, and anchovy.  He said it was fab before trying to pawn off his anchovies to the rest of us.  Lisa G. also hates salads, go figure?For our main cours, Lisa G. and I split a monstrous 14oz sirloin, with mashed potatoes for me, wild rice for her, and a plate of asparagus for the entire table.  The hollandaise that accompanied the asparagus was thankfully on the side because it was foul and tasted of no more than flour and butter.  We were not having luck with Ringside's condiments that night, but thank fully the meat was a different story.  Our steak was fantastic, though a little too well done for my taste.  I generally order my steak rare or medium rare and am one of those freaks that judges the "done-ness" by how much blood ends up in her potatoes.  Lisa G. likes hers killed 16 times over and well done so we met in the middle and ordered it medium.  The steak was far past medium, however, it was still delicious, and so large I wasn't able to finish half of my half.  Eric C. went with the tenderloin and we swapped bites.  His steak was also wonderful.For dessert Lisa and I threw the towel in and both briefly considered unbuttoning our pants until we remembered where we were.  Jaime L. had been on a mostly juice fast for the last week and therefore decided to make up for it with a three course dinner, so she opted for the Bananas Foster.  Eric C. opted for some kind of Rubarb crumble, which our fantastic waiter brought out with a candle on top.  Each of them got about two bites in before retiring with us in the land of the Food Coma.The cool thing about Ringside is the autographed menus framed all over the walls.  We sat next to a posse of Nicolas Cage, Brendan Frasier and John Ratzenberger, who's menu wisely said: "If God didn't want us to eat animals he wouldn't have made them out of meat."  I always knew I liked that guy.  Slightly because I wasn't satisfied that Eric C. hadn't been properly embarrassed, and mostly because I'm an inappropriate asshole, I felt it was my duty to say this to our adorable 70 year old waiter:  "So I see all my friends are up here on the wall, and I was just wondering if you wanted me to sign a menu also?"  Our waiter didn't miss a beat and replied "Well, I suppose I could round one up for you."He never did, but I loved him anyway for playing right into it.Ringside was more of a 3.5 for me overall, but I'm going to round up to a 4 because our service from our main dinner waiter was so great the entire night, the steak was pretty fab and the salads were good enough to make me want to return and try it all again.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,3/7/2008,19,43,4,4,3>I live four blocks from the Paradox, and it's my favorite place to go when I want to eat around other people but keep my nose stuck in a book. I just grab at a seat at the counter, order the vegan nachos, and then spend an hour alternating between chowing down, drinking the entire pitcher of water, reading 30-40 pages, and exchanging pleasantries with the 22-year-old Earthchild waitress from Vermont (it's a different person every time, but the Paradox owner seems to hire to type). The food is great (and healthy), the atmosphere is pleasantly casual, and the service is quick and friendly.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,3/6/2008,18,167,8,4,3>The theater is gorgeous, the seats are comfy, and the plays I've attended exceeded my expectations. In fact, (neighborhood parking issues aside) the only unpleasant feature of the Gerding was the gentleman to my left who passed gas the entire night.  I'm sure he's not there for every show, so you're probably safe to risk it.  If he is there, however, give him the stank eye for me.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2007,3/5/2008,65,138,5,4,4>OK so I don't profess to be an expert or connoisseur of Japanese Cuisine ... I definitely enjoy Sushi (or did before getting knocked up) ... but I must say this place is amazing.We went with a couple friends (who are definitely connoisseurs and familiar with Japanese cuisine and culture), who - thank goodness they were there - recommended several of the menu items. As usual in a situation where I don't really know what I'm ordering ... we made one great choice and one that was a little more questionable. The Udon with Sweet Potatoes and the Curry with Egg Omelet. The Udon was amazing -- broth was perfectly seasoned, noodles cooked just right. The curry ... was a new taste experience.Overall -- very yummy and very authentic. I can't wait til I can eat sushi again and I will definitely go back.** disclaimer -- I am not always responsible for my tastebuds right now so I am leaning more heavily on my fellow yelpers and friends to guide my reviews of questionable cuisine **
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,3/4/2008,241,429,7,7,4>I've seen this place for years, watched it change locations at least once, I think twice and always thought, well, at first I thought "crepes, who the hell would want flat pancakces", then a friend explained they put stuff INTO the crepes and after a bit of headslapping I thought, well, I'll try that place in seven years.Okay, I'm not exactly on top of it.I shoulda gone years ago.  I'd have discovered that the chicken teriyaki crepe isn't my thing.  But I'm deffo going back to try something else.  The lady who helped me was great, made everything right there and the prices were decent (crepe and pop for $6.95, not cheap but I might be suffering from "back in my day" syndrome).One minor word of warning, it's not a terribly filling meal (for me, tiny people and gastric bypass recipients may disagree).  Something you'd want for lunch, but if you're stuffing your stomach for or during a night of drinking, might wanna stagger somewhere else.
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2008,3/3/2008,376,599,8,8,10>Sometimes I like to envision alternate lives for myself, especially as I space out in front of the computer and contemplate having another cup of coffee and lament the fact that it's not even 10 this morning. A sampling of my schizophrenic musings: Margot, the 1960's flight attendant, always wears her hair with a defiant flip at the ends no matter the weather. She likes splashes of neon color and hits the shoe stores in every city she flies to.Kiki, wacky nanny to the stars, appreciates a handbag that exudes good taste while hiding the bottles of formula and spit rags she carries. Her charges' art projects inspire her to make dangly earrings and wear her hair in Pippi Longstocking braids. Elle has been sewing since elementary school. Bolts of fabric fall out of her purse, from her closet, and occasionally from the mouth of her toothpaste tube. Regina Spector and Basia Bulat songs accompany her work whether she has a stereo on or not. Strangely, all these gals would shop at Moxie. Even if you don't consider yourself a fashionista or a girly-girl, the store is great for gifts and consumer fantasy. Moxie hosts a few local designers, and the employees here strike that balance of friendly but not overbearing. My many personalities and I will be hitting it up come payday.
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,3/2/2008,69,575,2,6,4>So far my favorite meal in Portland!  I got the basil egg salad sandwich which was so good!  At first I wasn't sure how I felt about it, it is made with a sun dried tomato mayo which really changes the taste of it!  After my first couple bites though I was in love!  The calamata olive bread that it was served on was delicious, so fresh and the olive flavor was a nice addition to the egg salad.  Paul got the chicken salad sandwich and he really liked it.  It was funny, I have never seen him order a chicken salad before and wasn't sure if he would like it but surprisingly he did.  He mentioned that he really liked the bread, it had a bit of a sourdough taste to it but not too strong so that it overwhelmed everything else.I really liked how they didn't stuff the sandwiches so full of the egg salad and the chicken salad.  I hate when you are trying to eat a sandwich and the insides are falling all out onto you and the table.  They had a nice selection of breads but I noticed that a lot of them were sold out by lunchtime.  I bet you have to get there pretty early to get the really great choices, it was so crowded in there!  It did take a while for our food to come but again, it was pretty crowded so we understood.  We will totally be returning!
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,3/1/2008,30,38,10,2,2>Dear Ikea,You woo me with your obnoxious blue and yellow building. You entice me with your fancy showrooms full of pretty things. You teach me how to live in precisely 235 square feet. You are like Disneyland to me. I drool over rooms full of things with names I can't pronounce and fill in my little checklist map. I carry around my heinous yellow bag and fill it with $0.79 vases and  $2.99 throw pillows. You make me change my room decor more than I change my underwear. (Speaking of which, why don't you carry that?).I will gladly spend my days wandering around your store at a speed of one foot per minute as I am herded around with your other adoring fans. I will savor my $1 nonfat frozen yogurt cone. I will even navigate your aisle/bin system if it means getting a desk for $89. Why only four stars? The concept of Swedish meatballs in cups and eaten with toothpicks still grosses me out more than a little. Forever Yours,Francesca
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2008,2/29/2008,3124,1728,21,22,20>One more 5-star review and Helser's might spontaneously combust...but I just can't bring myself to go any lower. But don't judge a review by it's stars: I promise to say at least something remotely interesting in the following sentences...While most people attribute 5-stars to the food at Helser's - my food was pretty standard...a spinach salad and cup of black bean chili...two items that are pretty tough to screw up. It was a solid 3 star food performance. Let's just say that I wasn't doing cartwheels leaving the restaurant, nor was I having orgasms in my mouth following each bite.I believe in unicorns*The 5-star rating of Helser's is due in gigantic part to the amazing service. Again, not your standard "speed" or "attentiveness" stars, instead I'm dishing out the big guns for our server asking the EXACT right questions.  Stick this in your pipe and Yelp it:#1I asked for a coffee (and I HATE creamer. YUCK.) Our server asked: "Would you like me to bring cream?" Now this may not seem too important for most....but I can't STAND it when I have to look at that nasty cup of cream my entire meal! Thank you THANK YOU for asking me before you just bring me a chilled cup of nasty.#2FJ asked for a diet coke.  Our server asked "lemon or lime" in that? Bam. That's music to my citrus-loving ears.#3She had no problem bringing us some fresh bread and fruit - free of charge, although neither of our meals included it. #4After we paid the bill, our server asked me if I wanted to take my hot coffee to GO!  Brilliance. I have no shame in my doggie bag game and with my constantly cold hands...And for these lovely highlights, along with the "no complaints" food, the entire experience was 5+++stars.*just in case you didn't find my review interesting, I threw in that little juicy tidbit. Cheers.
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2008,2/28/2008,171,101,14,18,16>It should be known right here and right now that I am a fan of breakfast. I love it. No no. I'm sorry. I don't think you understand. I LOOOOVE BREAKFAST.I am not one of those people who say, "i don't usually eat breakfast." also, I am not likely to eat cold pizza or tamales for breakfast. Or be one of those people who hates on breakfast food. No no no. I AM however, likely to be the sort to get caught making 'breakfast for supper', a favorite of mine only made better when consuming said food in your pj's. Now that this has been understood in it's full capacity, let me rave for a moment about the breakfast i just had at Broder, the cute little Scandinavian eatery on Clinton.Innovative. Delicious. Mouth-watering. Bad ass. Fancy. Casual. All-that-and-a-bag-of-chips, Creative, Scrumptious, Hearty, and Awesome. These are just a few words to describe my breakfast here.And I am picky about my eggs. I will be a huge breakfast bitch if you mess up my eggs. grrr. But not, Broder. No no. I feel Broder and I have a mutual understanding. On top of the fact that they serve breakfast ALL DAY, you can also order off the lunch menu at breakfast-time if you so choose. Hoooo-ray!The service was amazing. This dude constantly made sure my coffee was not only full, but warm. He would come by whenever it was lacking even a little bit and offer me a "warmer." I blushed a little bit, and pushed the 3rd grade version of my mind away, and said, "That would be lovely."OKAY OKAY! so the food! I ordered the breakfast sandwich. Not just any ole' breakfast sandwich. It comes with fresh Duroc ham, Gruyere, marjoram cream, and tomatoes topped with baked eggs, and served with walnut toast.  I added a little hot sauce for the hell of it, and it was PERFECT.  The toast was really incredible. Seriously. I'm not one to give toast a whole bunch of love, but they obviously know what they're doing. I cannot rave enough about the amazing attention to detail on the food. Wow. just wow.I kind of wussed out as far as being adventurous goes. They have so many options on the menu that sounded unique and fantastic. The Swedish Breakfast Board sounded yummtastic. It is described as follows: "Rye crisp, salami, smoked trout, grapefruit, yogurt and honey, lingonberry jam, and hard cheese."yeaaaah. Tell me you don't want a bite of that? Come on. Plenty of veggie options if you so desire, i'm just a bit carnivorous of late.They are apparently known for the dishes with their trout in it. Next time, fo' sho. Put this on your places to immediately try. Just do it! Seriously. Bookmark it right now! Come on...you know you wanna. :)
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2008,2/27/2008,104,185,9,6,6>Ok so it's like a greasy spoon type joint....minus the grease....and the spoon.  It's basically meant to hint of that old diner feel, but feels more stringent...like a hospital. A hospital with pictures of old cars and Coca-Cola signs on the walls.  All that aside the food is made fresh and is pretty tasty.  I had the "Hawaiin" burger, which was okay.  And the fries that accompanied it were, on a scale of 1 (being I think they're laced with crack) to 5(umm...are these burnt shoelaces?) I would give them a 3.  The strange and major point of interest is that they sell hamburger hats.   ---I'll let that soak in.Yeah!  hamburger hats, for an outrageous 12.99 or something!  Despite how absolutely silly it is in general, for two seconds I toyed with the idea of buying one!!  However, it is far too crazy an idea.  Because, really, when would I get the chance to wear it?So, all in all, quick, easy, basic, burgers(and burger hats?) = Amy's Burger Shack.  PS. They also happily advertise that there is no trans fat used (I assume for the hats as well).
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2010,5/19/2011,252,87,9,12,8>I can't stop eating this food.  I really want to give this 4 stars, but I just can't.  Why only 4 stars?1. There is an hour wait for dine-in, almost always.2. I spend WAY too much money eating here - the dishes are too small.3. When I call for to-go food and get put on hold, 1/2 the time they forget about me.  4. There are more staff then customers.But, the food is amazing.  A-M-A-Z-I-N-G.  Damn them and their addictive flavors.  I will wait, I will spend and I will hold for Vegetarian Khao Soi Kai, Som Tum and Spicy Mushroom Salad.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2011,5/18/2011,240,523,9,11,10>Why did everyone started their review with "authenticity" for this restaurant? All I know is the food is good. Of quality and with the right amount to fill you up. And ofcourse, with quality, the price is relative. I was greeted with a plate of bread with my eye set on the good pretzel. Not too salty, not too dry. It was washed down by Monk's Path. It is on the citrusy side and was served in a martini glass. I did not much have appetite for appetizers and salad so I skipped it. Basing on the table adjacent to me, they look good and the serving portion is nothing like Claim Jumper which is about a serving bowl. I then ordered the buckwheat spaetzle with braised rabbit and variety of mushrooms. Good and done. I can barely move after. I had a very good experience at Gruner. From the accommodating crew to the perfectly dim lit  quaint place they have the mood is set to be flirty and sexy. Will I be back? Definitely.
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,5/17/2011,645,1150,31,20,19>Ah, what a nice change from caffeine.  Before I talk about the kava drink itself, let me mention the pleasing modern interior of Bula Kava House.  Of course, considering kava's origin, there was a South Pacific ambience.  I loved the masks on the one wall and the music was great.Also, they've got sandwiches.I was surprised to learn that several different kavas were available.  I decided not to monkey around and requested Madang Long ($3.75), Bula's most potent variety - even though as a newbie to kava, the gal working there suggested maybe I would want to try something milder.  Nah, let's go for broke!In very short order, I was handed a tannish translucent beverage in a half coconut shell, served with a spear of pineapple.  The gal told me that normally kava is chugged quickly, but some people slowly sip.  I decided to milk the whole experience and sit down and nurse my drink.The kava was served chilled and, yes, had an earthy flavor - and maybe was slightly sweet and tart all at the same time.  I had to laugh at another review that stated kava tastes like the Willamette River.  I wouldn't know about that because I would never be drinking water directly from that source.  I immediately could feel a sensation in my mouth.   Not burning, not tingling, but a sensation.  I also soon felt a sensation throughout my body, that was not entirely dissimilar to reefer.   More precisely, kava gives a feeling of relaxation and well-being.After taking about ten minutes to drink my kava, and then chasing it with the sweet slice of pineapple, I departed the premises.   I assume that kava does not really have any psychoactive properties, unless it was a hallucination induced by the beverage when moments later I saw a flock of chickens strutting out onto 37th near Clinton, including one that had hairy legs like a dog.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2011,5/16/2011,158,216,5,8,7>My boy planned a special date, he wouldn't tell me where, as we were walking i said "oooo is shigezo?" he responded "OH! that sounds good..uh no..would you rather go there?" he had chosen a fancy pants place, and although I've wanted to try the place forever, the lure of trying the dinner at shigezo was a little too much. we changed course and went there instead. We sat in the cooler section this time, in the sitting on bean chair booth. (yes ladies there is a section where you might sit on the ground, be aware and dress accordingly or run the risk of flashing the place when you get up..trust) We skipped the ramen this time as we had had it and wanted to try some different thing. much to my delight they had okonomiyaki. We ordered that, quail eggs two cause i wasn't sharing, and the special was grilled salmon collar, and bacon. We also did a nigiri omakase. The quail eggs are delicious. perfectly cooked with bulldog sauce on the side for your slathering pleasure. bulldog sauce is light a slightly sweeter thicker worchester, if you've ever has katsu it's a similar sauce. next came the house made bacon, it could have been smokier, it could have been a little more crispy, but all in all that was proper japanese bacon paired with an excellent stone ground mustard. next came sushi, it was a beautiful presentation, the nigiri was at the right temperature, slightly colder that room temp, the rice was perfect, the pieces were a little big but not a huge deal. the roll that came was the california roll, it was good. the tobiko was very fresh crunch crunch crunch. next came the okonomiyaki, which much to my dismay didn't have any of the technique or awesomeness it really should have. it was the only thing that was really disappointing. however! the flavor was right. very right. all those memories of past matsuri and my dad over the tepanyaki grating the yama imo and laying out all those fantastic ingredients came flooding back. so just a couple of things, the texture was gooey and rubbery, this was made like a stuffed pancake, where all the ingredients were cooked separately and shoved into the pancake and folded over. that's not how you do it kids. but oddly the flavors did come through so it's hard to say. the batter should be softer lighter fluffier..something er. i dunno. but the jewel which stole the show, grilled salmon collar, the coveted piece of fish besides the belly, for any japanese - is that true for the chinese too? don't know, but the cheek and collar are always fought over, and dad always won. sooooo good, all charred and delicious with daikon oroshi on the side. yumm. could have used a little bit of ponzu but eh no biggy.    So the stars are for the food and the atmosphere, not so much the service. I don't like basing reviews on service as i have had excellent service there the first time. We were seated right by the servers station and two different servers walked by us several times, not an exaggeration it was about 10 min before they came with water. she didn't ask if we wanted a different beverage, and walked away, about 10 more min and she came back asked what we'd like to order or should she come back. fearing it would be another 10 min before that would happen we quickly ordered. but other than that and the 20 min to get our bill after last of our dishes were cleared away, it was an enjoyable evening. I think the poor service may have been a fluke, as I said my first visit was so excellent.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2011,5/14/2011,189,522,4,11,7>The Portland metro area is full of surprises when it comes to food. Just when i thought there can't be another contender for top sushi places in town, this guy shows up to the fight.  Maki, a relatively small place in Tigard right off 99 is delicious. The fish slices seem humongous, and that's because the rice it was on is a lot smaller. That's fine with me though because I'm here for the fish. I had a bunch of different things all delicious in their own ways being how delicate it is.  The biggest shocker of the night for me, Monk fish liver. Holy hell the foie gras of the sea. Rich delicate smooth flavor that coats your mouth just the way foie gras does it. Definitely a do not pass if you get the chance to sample this.A nice place which feels roomy inside, the staff is attentive and is just friendly. You can help to feel welcomed here and it makes you want to stay a lot longer. Maki, thank you for complicating my life when it comes to recommending a sushi place in town.
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,5/13/2011,289,148,24,18,16>koipod is airy and lovely. the staff is kind and low key. the location is super good with a stumptown and food and a weird ass nickel arcade across the street.the first time i ever had an appointment with carl at koipod, i rolled up in there after an 8 hour barista shift with a side ponytail and rubber clogs on. i was exhausted and slightly dubious. i also had a the barista "brown finger" and a smear of chocolate up my left arm.i sat in the chair and carl, who looked like a character out of a john waters movie, slowly pulled my ratty hair out of the pony. i looked him straight in the eye an said "i am a leo, now can you cut a head of hair?". he looked right back at me, not even a single flinch and said, "honey my partner is a leo, if i can handle him, i can handle your hair!".sold.the next thing (and every thing since) he said to me was a mind blower, totally wacky and inappropriate and then oh joy of joys, i fell deeply into his pencil mustache and over sized black framed glasses. it was love. by love i mean i sit in a tree outside his house, make notes of everything he does and draw hearts around our names.carl gave me a haircut to end all haircuts. he left me breathless and beautiful. i was able to go 3 months without seeing carl and my hair continued to look fabulous until it was clear that the ends and layers just needed some lovin' and snippin'. he is a hair sculptress, a queen, a perfect and wonderful lamb of god.listen jerks, if you are a bitchface whiner or don't believe in talking trash and getting dirty, don't go to carl. if you are cool, funny, respectful and interesting, get thee to koipod. you will kiss my queenly robes after. or else.
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,5/12/2011,70,846,6,7,4>The Blueplate is open for dinner.  The Blueplate is open for dinner.  This sentence didn't exist in my mind until a few days ago.  I am happy it is stored in there now with a bunch of useless information.  The Blueplate being open for dinner is definitely not useless information.I was meeting a friend for dinner.  She was in town from the east coast for a work conference.  On my way walking to meet her at her hotel I passed by the Blueplate and noticed the light was on and a sign in the window saying they were open for dinner on Friday and Saturday nights.  I might have literally jumped for joy.  Ok, no I didn't, but I think I did in my mind.I had only been to the Blueplate once and that was specifically for a milk shake.  This time there would be food.We found a table near the back of the restaurant and were given menus.  I was disappointed that they were out of meatloaf.  This seems like a restaurant that would make a mean meatloaf.  Next time.  Instead of the meatloaf they were offering one of their lunch specials from Wednesday which was the Reuben Burger and that is what I had.  The description:  Our house seasoned ground beef and pork patty fried on the griddle and topped with sauerkraut, Swiss cheese, and Russian spread on Texas toast. ($8).  It was served with a side of creamy mashed potatoes.  A nice meal for a rainy day.  It sounds good because it was good.The main attraction here is the soda fountain.  They make one of the thickest shakes in town.  They also make their own sodas and my friend ordered one.  I however went with a milk shake.  They have a nice list of straight up flavors like chocolate and vanilla with a few exotics like green tea and filbert butter, but I decided to go with one of their 3 specialty shakes.  It is called the P.R. Nelson and it is huckleberry ice cream blended with our house made purple haze hibiscus syrup.  Berries and shakes will be my demise.  This thing had some monster flavor to it.  I need one now.  Good thing this restaurant is across the water (a few miles) from where I am currently sitting.So there it is.  Blueplate=dinner on Friday and Saturday nights.  Now you have no excuse not to go.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,5/11/2011,130,164,10,14,11>When I first moved to Portland I lived just down the street from Stanich's.  I was also lugging around a broken leg, then Snowpocalypse hit.  Mom was in town to help out so we cruised down to Stanich's, eyes wide at all the pennants, looking for our alma mater's.  I ordered a PBR, this conversation ensued - Mom: "What does PBR mean?"  Me: "Pabst Blue Ribbon.  Mom: "I thought I raised you better."  My mother gave me little crap for ordering the Special, also labeled "World's Greatest Hamburger."  And damn, it is pretty good: Ham, bacon, fried egg, special sauce, skinny but large patty, lettuce, tomato and onion.  Make sure you order your onions grilled.  The fries are unlike any I've ever seen.  First off, they use mutant russets, resulting in the occasional 5"+ fry.  When picking up to go orders I've had a chance to peek into the fryer.  I'm guessing they don't really ever change the oil, maybe just top it off.  It really does look like motor oil.  BUT the fries have a uniqueness that's grown on me.  They taste very potato-y and their limpness and various levels of doneness are appealing.Speaking of to go orders, when I still lived near Stanich's I ordered takeout way too often.  Like more than once a month.  I wouldn't recommend that one.  But it was convenient and comforting while I healed.  Fast forward to last week, Mom is in town again and she said, half-jokingly "We should go to the place with the PBR and fried eggs on hamburgers!"  I didn't have the heart to tell that's pretty much every fancy pants bar in Portland, but I knew what she meant.As luck would have it, we were near Stanich's the next day and since I've been really needing to get my iron level up, a burger sounded perfectly justified.  We walked in for lunch with the rest of the AARP crowd, ordered a Special for me, patty melt for her.  The Special was just as I remembered, a hugely messy, three napkin affair.  Consistency, that's what I'm talking about.  Mom's patty melt was a model of the genre and the fries were still limp and greasy.  No PBR this time, but I love that they offer Diet Rite and Squirt from the fountain.We got there a bit early so only waited about 10 minutes for our burgers but I know that they are justly infamous for long wait times.  Just relax, watch some sports, look at all the memorabilia,  But not more than once a month.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,5/10/2011,110,167,11,8,7>My 4 year search for a decent Chinese restaurant here in Portland has come to an end. A brilliant end! But Calling Shandong "decent" is a severe understatement. That's like somebody saying Andre The Giant was an above average sized human. He was freakin' HUGE, and Shandong is freakin' DELICIOUS!To start things off be aware that by parking in the vastly spacious NECC parking lot next door will most likely get your precious Pinto towed. If there is a wait get comfortable with standing around uncomfortably in the way of the servers carrying hot dishes, and other patrons entering and exiting the hallway to the bathroom. On the bright side, there are 2 awkwardly placed chairs for you to sit on while you wait, but you may have to thumb wrestle someone for the right to sit there. I mean... There are only 2 chairs.But you don't come here for the parking or waiting area. You come here for the food. The pot stickers might have been the best I've ever have, the sizzling rice soup was both entertaining and scrumptious, and the cherry pork was similar to a sweet and sour and sour pork, but was WAY better.I don't know how long this place has been open, but all I can think about is if I can convince my girlfriend to go back there tomorrow night... Wish me luck!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,5/9/2011,509,364,7,18,11>Based strictly on the best croissants I've found in Portland, specifically the almond filled variety.Nuvrei Pastries is an underground bakery in the Pearl District with hours that are not to be taken lightly. Forget about weekday afternoon strolls to the bakery for a cookie. If you want an afternoon coffee accessory it would have to be premeditative. I have been to Nuvrei before, having been easily sold by their bright pink and white signs roping me in for fresh croissants. After all, they are a stone's throw from my Bar Method studio and it's always great to supplement some thigh shaking exercises with butter +sugar + flour. The major sign to look for is the pink and white one outside shown above, or else all there is from the outside is this silver sign below:The only you clue you have about going downstairs is this sign (and the hypnotizing smell of baked goods). The bakery is small inside, but at 11am on a Tuesday there was an entire row of almond croissants available for my choosing. It's sort of cultish. You select your pastry and a cup of stumptown coffee and then get the hell out of that building (if its obvious you don't work there, ie. me in navy spandex and bright red back pack). You leave, stuffing the pastry in your greedy pie hole as you pass by some bewildered tourist, construction workers and those people who live fabulous lives in the Pearl that always seem to be walking their dog or going for coffee in trendy rain boots and pearls at any old time of the day. Nuvrei uses Plugra butter, a European slow-churned butter that's higher in fat and lower in moisture to create a flakier pastry.My almond croissant ($3.00) was a normal croissant size - not American obese size. The flaky crust shattered on first bite.They do not use a marzipan based filling like most places do. Nuvrei has developed their own filling based on ground almonds, butter, eggs, sugar and rum. The filling was pure almond cream heaven - slightly oozy and bursting with fresh almond flavor. The best almond croissant yet and totally different than the competition. Nuvrei scores top marks on croissant pastry having the most airy, buttery and flaky dough thus far as well as the superior filling - original, fresh, and full of flavor.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2008,10/4/2008,8,105,10,6,7>As a kid, my dream house always had a huge wall of books with a rolling ladder.  I loved to read.  That was then and this is now...interests change.  What could possibly be better than a wall of books?  A wall of liquor of course!  I love to drink.Good times!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2008,10/3/2008,42,63,4,5,4>Being a North Carolina native myself, I expect something very specific from my biscuits.  Even though good ol' Bojangles is like eating a year's worth of heart attack risk in one meal, that shit still tastes amazing when you are hung-over or just want some genuinely-so-bad-it's-good southern food.  Don't even get me started on Bojangle's sweet tea; out of everything I miss about the south (which isn't that much honestly) sweet tea is most definitely in the top 5.  So, when I went to Pine State, I was hoping for some down home goodness; I totally got what I was looking for.  You get a gigantic mason jar of refillable sweet tea that makes you feel like a million bucks.  The biscuits are fluffy and taste like they have plenty of unhealthy wholesomeness without the Bojangle's nasty fast food feeling attached to it.  They have wonderfully tasty mushroom gravy that I like to get on the side with my bacon and cheese biscuit.  They have some biscuit called Reggie's special or something that looks like the worst thing you could ever eat for your colon.  However, being from the south I can appreciate some truly greasy heart-attack magical flavor and praise these peeps at Pine State for having this place in the all-so-health-conscience PDX.  Yay for sweet tea and butter biscuits!
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2008,10/2/2008,59,47,16,16,13>So here's how I ended up here.  You didn't think you would get off without a story did you?  Oh you did?  Silly, silly reader.  Anyway, after my less than stellar Bishops experience I was a little gun shy about the Portland hair scene.  I had resorted to asking random women with cute hair where they get their hair done.  Bad Bishops day was in October.  So by February, I was very unkempt.  And getting ugly.  And I only had one eyebrow.  I kept thinking I should try out Hello Gorgeous since it is right next door and all, but I thought it couldn't be that simple.  In February I took a little tumble off while snowboarding and ended up on crutches.  So I was ugly, unkempt, crabby and couldn't walk far.  So I called hello Gorgeous and they fit me in with Julie so I crutched my ass over there.  I love her.  She fits the perky description that I require in my hairdressers.  But not annoying perky.  More like punk rock perky.  She did a really good job on my cut.  She's not all self conscious.  She does her thing and doesn't second guess herself.  Like Julie D. I also went back for purple in my hair.  It had excellent staying power.  It was a good 8 weeks between touch ups.  However, I had an interview so I had to dye it back to a "working for the man color."Their wax is some kind of mutant wax.  It has been since February since Julie did my eyebrows.  Granted, I touch them up myself with tweezers, but I have never EVER gone this far between waxing.  I'm an Armenian.  I'm hairy. Oh and when they call to remind you of your appointment they say "Hello Gorgeous" as a greeting which always throws me off but is totally adorable.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2008,9/30/2008,56,175,8,9,7>The primary draw of this place for me is the location. It's right across from my office, which is out in basically no-where. This is kind of a bodega / cafe type spot. Tons of snacks and drinks but also hand made sandwiches, salads and hot lunch options. I've only had the turkey+avocado wrap and it's pretty durn good. It must the be cheese. I'm not saying it's good for me, just not super bad. It gives the illusion of healthy...which also serves a purpose. Oh wait, I've had their espresso too. Double ick. Don't bother. Service is always quick and friendly. Parking seems to be adequate, but I always walk (again, the illusion of healthy is important here). There is a little patio outside which looks clean and comfy.If you are out in no-where, with no other options, this will do just fine.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,9/29/2008,152,351,14,13,11>The same respectable grannies that once, long ago, admonished me that it is not proper for a young lady to drink coffee (so vulgar!), walk in public without a male relative, or, of course, ever enter a liquor establishment -- these same grannies are now selling it without batting an eye.Not a speck of dust on the bottles, a perfect crease in every brown paper bag, and absolutely no shameful eye contact keeps the transaction clean and above reproach. As long as you don't acknowledge it, it's not happening.Limited selection compared to most Oregon liquor stores, but a surprising variety of sizes among the brands they do carry. Monopolowa comes in 12 sizes? Who knew?
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2008,9/27/2008,17,46,4,4,5>THANK GOD for this restaurant. I can't believe it took me 5 years to realize its existence. I'm from the South, so I'm very picky about southern food. Let me tell you, the crawfish here is amazing. As is the cornbread, mussel/oyster shooters, and mixed drinks. It's family-style seating, so you never know who you'll be sitting next to, or what mood your waitstaff is in, but it's worth it. Plus, I know it's hard, but try to save some leftovers so you can leave the restaurant with some insanely crazy aluminum foil sculpture. If you get there and there's a long wait, try the lounge around the corner. Most people don't even know it's there, so there always seems to be a place to wait.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2008,9/25/2008,1,42,6,8,6>It's seriously ALL ABOUT THE PATIO here. I live only a few blocks away so this is the perfect place to just go grab a drink when you're feeling lazy. They've got swings around several tables and then two tables with fake firepits in the middle, to keep you warm in the winter. I just spent both Friday and Saturday nights last weekend drinking wine and swingin' away! If you can handle swings while drinking beer, it's pure euphoria after a long and grueling week. One criticism is that the service at the bar is very slow, even if there are relatively few people there. Both nights I would order, get served, and pay and a friend would be waiting to order while the bartender attended to other people. One time the bartender downstairs even disappeared for five minutes with several people waiting to buy drinks. It would be good to have more folks downstairs. Other than that, the wine was good, the beer was hoppy, and I am coming back!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,9/24/2008,24,76,9,8,8>I work in advertising, and have never seen a direct mailer work so well for a company. The key is targeting bachelor sports fans with a penchant for italian cuisine (read: pizza). My roommate and I got a menu in the mail from Rovente a couple months ago, and have since relinquished hundreds of dollars towards their delectable pizza. I highly recommend the #74, which is bbq chicken on two 8" pieces of french bread. The average cost is $6-$10 per person. The pizza is kinda spendy, but it is much better than dominoes or pizza hut. They deliver to ballers who spend $12 or more, so make sure you have a friend to eat it with (or a big piggy bank).
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,9/23/2008,274,549,11,15,13>Never in my wildest porcine-infused dreams could I have imagined bacon which bested Fatted Calf's famous Red Wattle products. Now, I'm on the fence...This morning we tried the new (just opened September 2, 2008) Sellwood breakfast & lunch spot, Hash. They use seasonal, local, & sustainable products...deliciously!Mr. Handsome Dining Companion ordered the mushroom hash with a poached egg. Yours truly ordered the bacon hash (what a surprise) with an egg over easy. The bacon is house smoked & house cured. It's meaty, like pork belly, not that crisped to cracklin' crunch business. The potatoes, peppers, and onions in the hash were tender, not greasy, & very flavorful. The breakfasts are served with a choice of 3 types of house made breads (white, rye, or brioche), and seasonal fruit. Coffee is made in small batches. There is no burnin' Bun-O-Matic sitting for hours on a burner. The juice is fresh squeezed and my grapefruit juice was perfect. Oh! Our server sent over a little amuse bouche before things got started which were 4 mini raisin scones with just made strawberry-rosemary jam with butter. It doesn't get much better than this!The restaurant is in an eco-friendly building, with an open kitchen. Seating consists of counter seats along a window, high chairs with tables for 2, or chairs around tables accommodating 4. The servings are (to my mind) the perfect size. If you are used to the enormous Northwest breakfasts, served on plates the size of a late model Buick, this may surprise you. It is not huge, tho' oh-so-satisfying, and by no means cuisine minceur. I loved every bite! I have mixed emotions submitting this review as I want them to succeed, yet I want to still be able to walk right in & get breakfast PDQ! Please support this fine new establishment. They put lots of te amo in what they're doing, and it shows.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,9/22/2008,171,101,10,9,9>Vegan Schmeegan.If you don't go and get the french toast, you will hate yourself forever.period.:)
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,5/23/2009,6,8,8,3,7>Ground Kontrol is the reason I moved to Portland.  It's the reason I live in a sketchy apartment building in Old Town full of crack addicts and schizophrenics.  It's the reason I have vivid, substance-induced dreams about barrels knocking me off a tower of scaffolding in a desperate quest to save The Princess.This place knows exactly what it wants to be, and it couldn't possibly do it any better.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2008,5/22/2009,7,67,6,8,5>It is midnight, concert is over, and who really wants to go to sleep with the buzz going.  You could go to a normal bar, or Denny's :) or you can walk/ride/drive over to Le Happy and dine on a oh so wonderful and tasty crepe creation of your choosing.  Being like 4 blocks from my house makes it even better.Whether you are for the sweet or the savory the options are a plenty... and you can even create your own crepe concoction.They also have a decent spanish coffee, and a nice ambience... though once I went in and had maybe a few too many glasses of wine before, and added a spanish coffee on top... and then all of a sudden that damn spinning disco ball was a bit much.  However I got my senses and finished a delish Le PNBC, yum.Crepe on!
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2008,5/21/2009,84,137,4,12,6>If I could buy stock in a country, Peru would definitely be in my portfolio.  I don't know much about the place, can't even spell the tourist attractions.  But between the (at least) three Peruvian joints that have opened up in Portland recently, and the number of friends I have taking jaunts to the place, I'd say we're in for a Peru boom.And Nasca was a nice touch in that direction.  Tasty food, delicious combinations, served with a mild elegance by a friendly Peruvian dude.The restaurant itself is nice enough.  Small, with minimal pictures and other objects, it's fine.  Definitely upscale for Sandy...more an extension of the nearby Halsey scene.We started with Empanadas and Cebiche.  The empanada was probably my favorite.  Flaky little turnovers stuffed with beef, raising, carrots, and peas, baked and dusted with powdered sugar.  They are served with lemon, which the waiter suggested we implement by busting open the crust and sqeezing the lemon in...giving a great taste sensation of sweet, sour, and savory.  It did.The Cebiche was grub also.  Limey tilapia with onions, corn, and yam.  You know ceviche, this is pretty much the same thing.  Simple, great flavor combinations.We shared the Seco de Carne.  Not sure what they'd refer to the beef as dry here, because it's served tenderly infused with cilantro and stewed in garlic, onions, and peppers.  It was really good as well.  Great texture.  Nice aroma and lots of flavor.  It was served with beans and rice, neither of which were outstanding, but I don't really think they're meant to be.So there's room to improve, and I haven't been to the other Peruvian spots around town or anywhere so I'm hesitant to give 5 stars...but Nasca is a really good spot, suitable for casual dining up to being a good date spot (no promises on their wine/beer selection there tho...I was in for lunch).  Definitely a nice addition to the eclectic Sandy food scene.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/2/2008,5/20/2009,18,19,5,9,6>Dive bar. Hipster bar. Dive bar. Hipster ... it's a little of both, although a real dive bar is one where red-nosed old men start drinking at noon and start making sense by 3 or 4. Leaning more toward the hipster side, The Matador is still good fun--very spacious, with a well-stocked juke and assorted activities for a night of bar olympics including a couple of pool tables, darts, pinball and a photo booth. Happy hour is daily from noon-7 p.m., and includes $2.50 wells and PBR (on tap) for a buck. I have yet to try the Hillbilly Highball (Old Crow and Mountain Dew for $3). Geez, I guess if you have nothing to do on a lazy afternoon, you really can get red-nosed with the rest of 'em, which would match the bar's red, '70s-chic decor.
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,5/19/2009,107,57,6,11,9>I am in love!!  My parents and I walked in on a whim and empty stomachs.  They told us about a 45 minute to an hour wait but sat us in the bar and a fun table with a rotating center right next to the Peruvian trio.  They were great and for being right next to them we didn't have complaints about the volume.  Cute old men with big smiles and great attitudes - you could tell they enjoyed being there.  Our drinks were wonderful and very unique - which lead my parents insisting on multiple rounds so we could sample more of the menu - way too hard to decide on just one.  After only about 30 minutes they offered us a booth table in a window and we almost didn't go to stay in our prime bar location.  Just as we sat our appetizers arrived; oysters and a meat and cheese plate with fruits and jams.  Both tasted great - the oysters were so fresh!  We could not have asked for better entrees.  My father ordered pork, my mother the halibut and I ordered lamb.  We decided that all three dishes were equally amazing!  The service was the best I have had in a long time; engaging but not interruptive, funny but not too over the top, there when needed but not lurking in the background spying on the table.  One of the classiest things they did the whole night is when they brought us our bill and our server mentioned the comment card and asked us to fill it out if we had the time.  We came up with all great things to say with much praise.  The only thing that was not an absolute plus was that we wrote, "Oysters were very fresh and extremely tasty, but quite small in comparison to the displayed."  When we got the bill back it did not match up to what it read before.  We realized they took off the oysters but made no mention or fuss about it at all.  I was so impressed that they dealt with it that way - though we would have happily paid for them because they were really good - just small.  We felt guilty about not paying since we enjoyed them so much and wanted to say something but agreed that it was not necessary.  The best dining experience I've had in Portland.  I can not wait to go back!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,5/18/2009,66,85,8,18,13>so what's better than an awesome italian restaurant that makes not only awesome cuisine, but awesome gluten free cuisine?  GLUTEN FREE COOKING CLASSES!!!!!!no, im not kidding!gluten free cooking has always intimidated me because trying to get the right texture and consistency with various gluten free flour mixes is tricky business.  So, in hopes of moving past my insecurities and inadequacies, we called to get our spot in Chris Tompson's gluten free cooking class.  They offer all kinds of classes like soups and sauces as well.We arrived for our two hour course to be greeted by Chef Chris Thomspon who offered us beverages before we signed the waiver excusing the restaurant from any liability like if we lose our limbs or something.He not only answered all of our questions, but we learned how to make gnocchi and different kinds of pasta.  We tasted everything as we went along, while he told us about each step and why certain things were important.  For a beginner, this was so helpful.  The class was affordable especially since we brought home a giant delicious lunch!Chris is an awesome teacher and an awesome chef and i highly recommend checking out his classes.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/7/2009,5/17/2009,53,263,17,17,18>Oooo cupcake cupcake cupcake!  A cute little mini cake just for lil' ol' moi?  Yay!  Which to choose?  Whichwhichwhich?  The classic red velvet cake with tangy mouthwatering cream cheese frosting?  A lilliputian German chocolate cake with decadent coconut-pecan frosting?  Waaaaah.  The deceptively simple yellow cake with chooocolate frosting & rainbow sprinkles?  The I-can't-believe-there's-no-butter vegan carrot cupcake?  All these adorable baked goods lined up at attention, staring at me with their puppy eyes through the display case saying, "Pick me!  No, me!  Me-me-me!!"After escorting my little pink treasure chest home, opening the lid with due ceremony, & reverently peeling the paper wrapper off I bit into the tangy cream cheese frosting down to the red velvet cake.  Huh.  The frosting's really good, just the right ratio of cream cheese to butter to sugar.  [lick.]  The moist, luscious red velvet cake I've been salivating over however just wasn't there.  It was rather dry & tasteless.Love the cute little shop within a shop surrounded by quirky nostalgic tchotchkes from the greater Noun: A person's place for things showroom.  Very friendly & helpful staff.  Lovely presentation of the adorable cupcakes from display case to pink cupcake box.  And offering 2 cupcake sizes (2-3 bite Dots vs the Regular) is genius.  Sigh.  I really wanted to like this much better than I actually did to fill that Trophy Cupcakes void since moving to PDX but it's not meant to be (if you're ever in Wallingford Center out & about in Sea-town, go in & go wild!).  Unless...they read the recurring theme & tweak their cake recipes/baking time.  [winkwink.  nudgenudge.]
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/26/2008,5/16/2009,148,236,19,10,13>So a pirate swaggers into a bar, decked out in full pirate regalia.  Much to everyone in the bar's surprise, protruding from the pirate's trousers is a large steering wheel.The pirate says: "Arrr, I'll have a tall rum, ya scurvy dog!"The bartender, mustering all of his available chutzpah, says:  "Sure!  But do you mind my asking why you have a steering wheel on your crotch?"The pirate, considering the question, scratches his head with his hooked hand, and answers: "Arrrr, it's drivin' me nuts!"************Pirate jokes are sorta lame, but they have their place.  The same could be said for the Jolly Roger.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,5/15/2009,426,1757,17,18,18>Apparently I like my nudes velvety.  I knew I would enjoy this place as a unique part of Portland, but I wasn't prepared... who could be?  Velvet painting had its heyday in the 70s (aka 'the era of questionable taste'), so there is plenty of kitsch.  But there was such beauty here it took my breath away.Caren and Carl have amassed a collection of 3,000 paintings and they rotate them through the gallery.  Caren gave me a personal tour and there's plenty of fun, silly stuff... portraits of KISS, Hendrix and Hulk Hogan, but then I walked to the back and discovered  the work of Louis Behan.  It shows you that a master artist can be spectacular in any medium.  He just happened to love velvet.  Tribal maidens, exotic South Pacific beauties, Maori chieftains and Mexican bullfights.  One of my favorite pieces was a simple pineapple, but painted so I experienced it in a new way.  There is even a black light room, which is just pure fun.  And I'm happy to report not too many clowns which give me the heebie jeebies, especially in this 3-dimensional type of art.The gallery is located a block from Screen Door.  Next time you are faced with an hour wait, put your name on the list and pay a visit to the Velveteria.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,5/14/2009,152,351,16,16,14>Filling a lull on a recent wine excursion, one of my fellow adventurers nose-dived into an unabridged brick of a book, the complete works of Karl Marx. Really? Karl Marx and pinot? Some things should not be mixed with communism.So I was a little skeptical when "The People's Yoga" opened in my neighborhood. Really? With no visible sign of red stars or cooperative farming, I gave them a chance. What I found was a superb Yin yoga class (which is rare) and at only $6. For that, I'd put up with nihilism.
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,12/27/2012,113,108,4,6,6>Serradura.  I've been haunted by this dessert since leaving Ping with a belly that felt like it was getting fuller by the second.  After sharing two appetizers, a small salad and two soups, I wasn't sure we should be getting dessert, but after all the exciting flavors we had experienced, we just couldn't resist trying one last dish.  I am so glad that our mutual distaste of coconut led us to trying this amazing dessert!  I thought about Serradura everyday for about two weeks.  I even found a recipe for it so I can try to recreate its creamy goodness at home sometime.What's in this so-called amazing concoction you ask?  Well, it seems to be just layers of whipped cream mixed with condensed milk and crushed biscuits.  At Ping they also added a layer of cacao.  Seems too simple to rate such a fawning response, doesn't it?  Call me crazy, but I think I will come back here many times just for the Serradura!What about the other food?  I don't remember much expect that the duck egg salad was super salty (but in a good way), the Sam was surprised that the ramen was basically a dressed up instant noodle dish, and I felt that the prices were a little on the expensive side.  Definitely a splurge kind of place as opposed to a cheap eats one.I did feel sorry for the two women sitting next to us.  They seemed to be adverse to "spiciness" and had an altered satay plate served to them along with another dish.  They didn't eat much.  But when our Serradura came and they were paying they complimented us on our choice of dishes.  They said it looked like we knew what to order and seemed jealous.  We said we really didn't know and just guessed at what sounded good.  I didn't have the heart to tell them that if they thought the chicken satay was "too spicy" they probably wouldn't have enjoyed what we ordered any better than their own meals.  I've never considered the Sam and myself being adventurous eaters, but I guess we are open to trying new things.The Serradura is actually not that adventurous of a dish once you know what's in it, so don't be turned off by the American translation of the name: "sawdust pudding."  I encourage you to order it and hope you will love it was much as I did!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/26/2012,196,280,5,15,11>If you haven't been to Hollywood Theatre lately it's time for you to go back. You'll be pleasantly surprised.NEW 50ft screen for the main auditoriumNEW digital surround sound systemNEW theater seats with cup holders (donated by Regal) & tables (upstairs only)NEW carpet, curtains & paintConcession stand now serves beer & wine along with nonalcoholic beverages. The popcorn is still the best theater popcorn ever popped & soon they'll be serving pizza courtesy of Atomic Pizza with their second location on Sandy. Oh, did I mention they serve Fifty Licks ice-cream? No? Good because they don't anymore. It's now Scoop ice-cream thanks to fellow Yelp Elite & theater volunteer, Joe M. Thanks, Joe!General admission is $7 unless you're a student or a 65+ senior it's $5. Matinees are also $5 but what's even better is becoming a HT member for as little as $25/year & paying $4 for a ticket instead. It's a nice perk for being a member.The bathrooms are still in desperate need of new plumbing but as long as the toilet flushes & the sink runs when I want it to then I'm good.The only parking available is street parking or if you're a $35 member the parking is free, with a parking pass, inside the Whole Foods Market garage up the street.Not only does the HT show documentaries, independent shows, cinema classics but they also have programs like Grindhouse Film Festival, Kung Fu Theater & Hecklevision. Why go anywhere else?
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,12/25/2012,196,203,3,8,7>I was preparing for a letdown based on the yelp reviews of Trigger within the first weeks of being open, but I had a great experience.First, THE CHIPS ARE HOUSEMADE. Maybe they weren't before, but they are now. I actually love Juanita's and would have been fine with them (if you live in Portland and buy any other tortilla chips for home, I feel sorry for you), but these are most definitely not Juanita's and they were fresh, hot, delicious and free. I thought the salsa seemed fresh and housemade too.The tortillas are not that impressive, I agree with them just seeming like storebought flour & unremarkable, but perhaps they'll start to making those in-house too? So the real reason this place became a top priority for me to visit was when I saw a bunch of photos of the Sidepipe, which is a frozen margarita with a corona turned upside-down in it, but the magic of physics keep the beer inside the bottle til you've finished the margarita. Yo dawg you can drink your drink while you drink your drink. It's $10 and the corona is a miniature bottle, but I was pleased for the novelty factor.I tried all of the tacos - enjoyed them all but I think the fried chicken is the most remarkable.  I'm not from Texas and I don't really care if any of this stuff is "Authentic Tex Mex" but I found it all very flavorful! And they didn't skimp on guacamole on any of them, bonus!The service was outstanding, and I the manager walked around making sure everyone was happy and having a good time. Chips and drinks never went empty. I like the decor and there was a western playing on the one TV off to the side.I think Trigger is just getting started and only going to get better - I will definitely return. The only thing keeping it from a 5-star for me are those lifeless tortillas and the lack of a Happy Hour.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2012,12/24/2012,637,638,6,9,3>I literally ordered one more. I ordered my tacos. ate. basked in the glory and happiness that overcame me after eating them. And then I went and ordered one more. I couldn't get enough! I've tried the steak, prawn, pastor and barbacoa. Like a loving mother, I have no favorite. I love them all equally. The meat is so flavorful, and they pile it one. They only use one corn tortilla which deviates a little from the traditional taco but I think it helps to show case the beauty that is that meat. They range from $2-3, well worth the money I promise. To compliment the the taco they have an extensive array of salsas. The avocado salsa is the best I've had.  Uno Mas wouldn't do you dirty by selling delicious tacos without a proper beverage companion. No No No, Uno Mas has you covered with a wide variety of adult beverages as well as mexican sodas! Uno Mas Por Favor! ....seriously though give me another taco.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,12/23/2012,194,364,5,7,9>How do you fit 525 beers (no, that's not a typo, read it FIVE-HUNDRED-TWENTY-FIVE) into a place the size of my old 2-bedroom apartment?  i don't know, and frankly I don't care.  Because when you want beer, especially the special/limited edition brews, or from small/obscure breweries, this is your place to go.  And when you want it from a locally-owned place, this is your place to goAnd when you want  ridiculously low prices, friendly servers that know their brews, and AMAZING hours (11am-11pm EVERY DAY OF THE YEAR!!!)...well, you get the idea.Honestly I can't think of any reason you would not come here for your hoppy libations!Oh yeah, and bonus points for being super-close to Los Gorditos and Portabello for great food before or after your drinks!***Review #15 in the Yelp 30 in 30 Challenge!***
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,12/22/2012,194,499,8,13,10>People have been whispering to me that I am a chowderhead for not going here. Oh, they are right! It is pretty incredible! The smart gardeners know that for a variety of reasons doing one's gardening shopping right now is a smart move. They were pushing out Perkins roses for 70% off  as well as other "off season" leftovers. These can be doctored very little and make swell additions to this or next year's gardens. They were also getting big juicy bulbs for putting down now for spring, among other things.I'm eyeing trees right now. I just need to get those guys that dynamite old casinos in Las Vegas and have them do a number on this evil 15 foot cypress wall that Needs To Go Away by our Secret Compound. But, a couple of well selected trees might take its place, and I am loving the selection as well other goodies they have here. They know their stuff! They were more than happy to look at my lawn samples ("Eeww!" was the response to that) and to look at some of my phone photos to help me get ideas.Nice people. Very easy to work with. Design service, delivery service, suggestions or a full design service and then installation, if you prefer. For you poor slobs that live in the city, I would recommend driving through the 'Burro, get some Mexi-eats and then head out 219 to Farmington and go through all the farmlands. You can pick up little noshes and then hit Farmington Gardens for a bush to stuff in the back of your bus. Local folks: for heaven's sake, this is so much nicer that Big Orange or Big Blue!Go! Green thumb is optional for a good time here.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,12/21/2012,97,506,4,11,10>This truly is as good as it gets for sushi in Portland.  I've been waiting for a place like this to open in Portland since I moved here in 2010. Hokusei's not relying on any "sustainable" labels to bring in folks, they're just doing it the way it should be done. They have all the usual fish, plus lots of obscure and local fish from the OR coast. The last time I visited, they had no less than 6 kinds of fish on the specials chalkboard that I'd never even heard of, and I've been eating sushi on the west coast for 15 years. They don't serve out-of-season uni, and they don't make those massive ridiculous fried-and-stuffed-with-cream-cheese rolls that you find at some of the more popular places in Portland (I'm looking at you, Saburo.)They also hand you the nigiri one pair at a time, and it's already painted with a light soy-based glaze and wasabi'd up if that's what the chef thinks it needs. If you're the type who needs to drown your sushi in soy & fake wasabi, this is not your joint. I recommend going in at happy hour, when they have some great deals on drinks & appetizers. They open at 4PM!  I also recommend sitting down at the bar & ordering omakase (chef's choice.) Tell them your price limit, sit back and enjoy. Yes, they have some American chefs in this place. If that bugs you, don't go - more room at the bar for me. I've never been to Japan, but I can tell you that every time I've been to Hokusei, the majority of the people at the bar are Japanese people, so that has to count for something.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,12/20/2012,122,59,11,9,10>This time of year, as the rain is falling and it gets colder outside, thoughts often turn to family, holidays, the rampant commercialization of said holidays, how there's no f-ing way you're EVER going to shop at Wal-Mart (especially on Black Friday), college football standings, BCS shenanigans, NFL playoff picture, new wipers, snow tires (well, if you're an idiot, anyway) and, potentially, whichever version of indoor sport you prefer (hooker taints are NOT a sport, Chris...just sayin'...).I guess what I'm trying to say is that one of the things you likely DON'T think about is getting your car washed.  Nevertheless, there I was, in my car, cursing the birds that had decided, without consulting me at all, to use my car for their pre-Thanksgiving target practice.  I had left the office late and it was nearing 7pm but I wanted to get my car washed as I was heading to pickup a friend and, potentially, engage in the aforementioned indoor sports...but bird shit on my windshield might just be the kicker that decides my fate.It's dark...It's cold...It's windy (as fu...err...hell).I pull up to Pinky's...looks like it's open.  Office door is open...lights are on...But the dude that is always running the place is nowhere to be seen.  Is he closing the back end as I'm pulling up?  Man, I'm screwed if he is (or, more to the point, definitely NOT).I'm about to give up and pull away, when he comes running up to my car, hands in his pockets (did I mention the cold and wind part?).  Hell yeah, we're open!  Takes my money ($6-$8 depending on the level of wash) and gives my car the brush down before waving me into the tunnel of shiny car love.Look, it's a damned car wash...nothing overly special about it or the pricing structure.No cookies.No bikinis.Not topless.But they close at 7pm (I believe) and this guy was at a deserted car wash at 3 minutes to 7 on a crap night where there was little likelihood that any random asshole was coming in.But there he was...right when this random asshole needed him most.Damn right, I'm a fan!
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/19/2012,327,281,7,6,6>Lovers of brunch, rejoice!  Wild Abandon will rock your breakfast socks off!  Been going here for years, but seeing as how I just moved back, wanted to do a current visit before writing a review. The Sunday scramble with spinach, tomatoes and chicken-apple sausage massaged my tongue into a state of bliss.  Toast and potatoes were decently tasty. I've had many delish scrambles here and the other divine thing is the vegan french toast.  You can't  tell it's vegan, so might as well yum it up. We had a hottie server which made the morning all the more pleasant, he was also nice.  The manager/owner guy is always there making sure everyone is taken care of. There's sometimes a small wait but today we got a table right away. Prices are average for brunch, but the service and food are well above.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,12/18/2012,320,479,7,14,12>Oysters and bubbly.  Two of my favorite things.  But wait a minute: Oh hello dollar oysters for happy hour!I love everything about The Parish.  Got that?  EVERYTHING.  The corn on the cob is awesome.  The wedge salad is crisp and fresh.  The clams, the shrimp, both fantastic.  The burger is the next thing I will try.  But I will always keep coming back for those oysters.  The baked oysters are very rich and satisfying.  I really just need one of those to complete me.  But the raw oysters... I cannot get enough of those.  There is a hot and spicy oil on each table to accompany any appetizer and the oysters are also served with a fresh grated horseradish that adds just the perfect zest to the oysters.Service has always been friendly, efficient and is just one more reason to be fond of The Parish.Laissez le bon temps rouler!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,7/28/2008,241,429,12,13,11>I hear the word dive thrown around a lot, and while I generally like the bars described as such, I always wonder, what the hell does it really mean?  Are all "dive bars" the execrable Yamhill?  Is it implied that they're not clean?From wikipedia: A dive bar, or simply a dive, is a downmarket drinking establishment serving a working class (or poorer) clientele.It goes on to talk about Victorian snobbery.Anyway, Yur's is pretty flippin' awesome (and not filthy).  A few pool tables, a long bar, a big TV and sketchy internet juke box, lots of booths and also a diner side that I don't think I've ever been in.I've only had the fried foods in there, but it's pretty good.  Never burnt, never soggy.  Yum.  (AND MINI CORN DOGS!!!)They used to have a bike rack just inside the door, but they took it out. I bet it was a drunkard tripping hazard, and associated drama factory.  Bony hipster bike messenger face off, FTL.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2008,7/27/2008,3,2,4,7,7>I walked in with an ancient bike that wouldn't stay in gear. They were super friendly,  handled everything with remarkable efficiency and gave me back the bike in perfect working order for just 12 bucks. That's as perfect a transaction as I've had.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2008,7/26/2008,59,47,25,9,9>A few years ago Jack (my gallbladder) stopped doing his job.  So the big boss (my doctor) pulled me aside and explained that Jack had to go.  So Jack got the can.  The rest of my organs Phil (my pancreas), Joe (my liver), Duke and Zoe (my kidneys) and most of all Norma Rae (my large intestine) responded by striking and not allowing me to ingest anything other than turkey sandwiches (specifically from Blimpies) and Drumsticks, those ice cream cones with about 17,000 calories, for about three weeks.  The masses settled a little after that and I was able to go back to my regular eating habits.  Until I attempted to eat a French fry.  Norma Rae yelled out, "Screw those managers!  Just because they fired Jack doesn't mean we're doing his job!"  But instead of striking, Phil, Joe, Duke, Zoe and Norma Rae, ahem, rebelled.  This above summarizes my relationship with fried food.  I eat it once in a while, things get ugly, I have to call in a negotiator (Pepto-Bismol) to calm things down until I piss them off again.  As soon as I walked into Fire on the Mountain, I pulled out my grocery list and added "Pepto."  The place just reeks of deep fried goodness.  I ordered the deep fried pickles and 6 of the buffalo cilantro wings.  The husband had the chicken tenders (hot) and fries.  The pickles were not quite what I'm used to in a fried pickle (sadly, I have an opinion on this), but were really good.  And the wings were excellent.  Not greasy at all and just the right amount of heat.  All of our food and a soda came to less than 20 bucks.  The best part...I have yet to hear from the Union.  They have had severally inopportune moments to start an uprising today, and not a word.  For that, FOTM gets four stars.
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,7/24/2008,33,62,5,7,6>I love this place. You have to know what you're getting into when you go to Riyadh's:You're not looking for 'haute cuisine'.You're not looking for 'ethnically inspired'.You're not looking for lavish interior design.You are looking for a fast dinner.You are looking for a very tasty fast dinner.You are looking for a very tasty fast dinner with friends in an unpretentious little place.You are looking for the right price for a falafel sandwich.A beer and a falafel sandwich. What could be better?
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2008,7/23/2008,30,97,3,8,6>The colorful and alluring window displays have been calling my name every time I drove by this place in the past 2 months.  Formerly in West Linn, Howden Art landed in the good old OC in May.  I can't believe it.  I knew the minute I walked in that I was in love.  I quickly checked my bank balance on my blackberry.  I was not leaving without a piece of art.  When Annie, the owner, greeted me and asked me if I wanted a glass of wine while I browsed, I pinched myself to see if I was dreaming.  Wine AND art in the OC???  Oh my God.This woman is extremely knowledgeable and her vision is clear as you walk the new wooden floors and admire the art.  She knows every artist by name, style, media and history.  She is dedicated to her hometown.  She will only show artists who reside in Clackamas County and she rotates all of the art every three months.  Brilliant!  It gives me the perfect reason to go back (and back).I landed on a unique photo/painting of a weathered cottage window with brilliant painted pottery on the windowsill.  It's fabulous and the matte and frame are a perfect match for my newly painted Devine Mesa dining room wall.  I may not be able to paint fine portraits or landscapes, but I can paint a mean dining room wall like nobody's business.This is an absolute must stop if you are in Oregon City.  If you aren't in Oregon City, then this is a must go destination.  You won't be disappointed.  If you are, then your taste sucks.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2008,7/22/2008,187,281,1,10,8>This coffee, beer and wine cafe is in the space vacated by Fruition, NW 23rd @ Marshall. I used to frequent Fruition only occasionally, though there was much I liked about it. After seeing what Glenn Brugman has done with this space, I realize that Fruition just didn't have the warm, welcoming, comfortable feel that Cafe Reese has been transformed into. Comfy overstuffed furniture has been well placed to support social interaction, along with traditional table seating and a wine bar. It's light and friendly and just has a good feel.Mornings center on coffee and espresso drinks (organic) and pastries. For lunch time there are a variety of panini, salads and soups. the evening brings 30 wines available by the glass and various appetizer plates.My visit last night was just for wine and appetizers (and a bunch of socializing). I had a Tempranillo that was an off-list special at $6 a glass and was excellent. They were highlighting Spanish wines as specials last night - it will be fun to watch what comes next. Others in our party had a Chardonnay/Viognier blend that got great reviews as well. Glenn was a warm host and his staff made our group feel at home.I plan to return to sample their coffee and food offerings and will report further.Update: I've been back a couple of times and had panini: one chicken pesto and one with roast beef, roasted peppers and horseradish. Both were great. I'm all the more impressed.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2008,7/21/2008,40,144,5,7,5>Holy mother these burritos are huge and tasty! And affordable. I mean you may think, almost 5 bucks for a burrito? No way braaah. But wait! Little did you know this mother could feed a small nation! Seriously, you would have to be some kind of crazy hungry to down one of these in one sitting. I had the carne asada, which doesn't make it to the top of my list for carne asada, thus the minus a star, but no one else around me ordered asada,  so maybe that's not their specialty (I heard lots of Chorizo orders while I was there...). But aside from not approving the asada, everything else was great, the beans and rice how they should be, and most importantly, a freshly toasted tortilla...mmmm....My problem is I love that toasted tortilla soooo much that when I am too full to finish, I still try to nibble on tortilla, but that has serious implications for the structural integrity of a burrito, so don't follow in my footsteps children...Just wrap the burrito and wait until later, the tortilla will still be there.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2008,7/20/2008,46,48,5,8,7>This used to be the alternative to the Coffee Time (which is just up the street) crowd, but now it's got the same hipster patrons... sorry, I hate using the word "hipster," but when the Talking Heads come on and three tables are asking if it's The Cure, I don't know what else to call them. Aside from the retarded conversations you'll wind up eavesdropping on, this place IS pretty cool. So, the hipsters migrate downstairs into the smoking section or out to the porch, leaving the main room surprisingly empty and quiet. But there is the occasional flood of yuppie tourists from the Inn on Northrup, so it's really hard to give advice on what hour you should visit to avoid a crowd, because there might be some folks recovering from jet lag at both opening and closing hours.As for the internet, no, they don't charge. The Inn at Northrup does, but Anna's? No. It's provided by Personal Telco, which is a weird provider if you're trying to connect with something besides a laptop (*cough* Nintendo DS! *cough*) because it requires you to confirm your connection through a browser window.If you're vegan, you're in heaven here! The drinks can come with either soy or RICE MILK! Yes! It tastes soooo good. They've also got the typical-Portland Black Sheep Bakery goods, such as vegan chocolate chip cupcakes and an array of muffins. They also make soups, but I'd avoid the sammiches, they're kinda dry when they've been left in saran wrap for hours. If you're not vegan, you can enjoy the homemade gigantic Rice Krispy Treats and coffee cake, etc..About the music... uhh, can't say I've ever heard the same album played two days in a row. They've got everything from (meh) Tom Waits to (sweet) Mirah to Bob Marley, pretty much anything mellow and not distracting, which is more than I can say for Coffee Time down the street, which I've heard play death metal more than once. And the guys & gals DO take requests, maybe cause I lived next door for three years and got to know them, but whatever, they're still nice.Try a magnum Anna Banana's "for here" made with rice milk, and a vegan cupcake on your first visit, you won't regret it!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2008,7/19/2008,4,22,6,7,7>Uh!!!As good as any pizza in my home town of NY. This is not your regular neighborhood joint. There are seasoned masters mixing things up in the little kitchen (like hand made dough!!!). Pizza dough is tough enough on mixers; By hand guys? Thank you, soooo much thank you!Doesn't really matter what you get, 'cause after the first visit you'll have no choice but to return over and over and over...
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2008,7/18/2008,11,3,9,8,9>This is a great place!  The owner plays equal parts bartender, server, and host.  The other servers are very nice and seem to love their job.  Being from NYC, I have yet to take this for granted. ;-)  The 1/3lb burger with jack cheese and fries ($7) is excellent.  It's great fun to draw on the butcher-paper-covered tables with crayons (not as ghetto as it sounds).  They have live bands later in the evening.The patio is a real crowd-pleaser, complete with SWINGS instead of chairs and a FLAMING FIRE PIT in the middle of the table!  Surprisingly, no one got hurt.  The fire was perfect for fending off Portland's chill air.  All they need now is a trampoline.  Be warned, the patio seats are quite popular.- "There are coathooks in the bathroom!" - JamesCheers,\\Marc
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2010,10/26/2010,258,205,17,18,14>UGH, so i broke both of my collarbones last week in a freak bicycle accident involving an asshole driving a mini cooper (another story, for another time my dears), and since then i have been completely unable to do my own hair. (and by "do," i mean simple BRUSHING and PUTTING IT IN A PONYTAIL.) while some women may be completely fine with relying on their male significant others to do their hair for them, i couldn't stand it about after about three days and had to find a way to make my hair look okay even when mismanaged by inexperienced hands.so i threw in "hair for azns" into the yelp search and grace popped up. i don't even know why "azn" was really an important detail, but i imagined getting a weird razor cut a la the locust just cuz my hair is super straight, thick, and jet black, and that was NOT what i wanted. none of that hipster shit for me.i called at about noon and asked for an appointment "as soon as possible." they scheduled me in for 5:30pm. nice.i arrived at 5:30 and waited about five minutes. i was offered water, tea, coffee, or booze. i would've opted for booze if only i wasn't already on tons and tons of pain meds thanks to my collarbones! so i had a water. i was introduced to lindsay who did a quick analysis of my hair and listened to my demands: keep it long, decrease the volume, get rid of the dead ends, make sure it looks good in a sloppy ponytail.50 minutes later, i walked out looking like a brand new woman...or at least a better-looking one. lindsay is a skilled woman. take comfort in the fact that she knows exactly what she's doing with her shears. when i said i just wanted a little bit off in length just to get rid of the dead ends, i lost the ends with almost no length lost at all. sweet! (vs. butchers and mothers who will go in and lop off two or three inches as if growing all that hair didn't take any effort, bastards!) now i can just keep on growin!there was also a point where i asked if she could decrease the volume just a wee bit more and she warned me saying, "well, that sort of gets into the wispy realm/rocker look." tru dat gurl, i don't need that hipster shit. thanks! she heard my cries and felt my pains and tended to me like a mother (but not my mom) would.now, my boyfriend can leave me looking untamed and tied up like pebbles and bam bam...but i'll still look amazing. thanks grace salon.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/25/2010,104,97,11,7,5>NEWS FLASH NEWS FLASH NEWS FLASH NEWS FLASH NEWS FLASHBunk Bar serves Bunk Sammy's till 2am. Yes you can get a beer, have a conversation with beautiful women, and have an awesome Cubano or Tuna melt at the same time. Their entire Bunk sandwich menu is served.By pass the much hyped meatball and go straight to something they recommend. Have trust in them they won't let you down.  Can you tell they pour a stiff drink and a fast beer by my review?Yes I'm drunk........ and thanks to Bunk , well fed. And yes the bartender had a very fine tushy and was hot. There I said it.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,10/24/2010,113,108,4,13,8>Delicious!  S'mores!The sweet, melty marshmallow fluff and Nutella filled crispy, yet soft waffle definitely hit the spot!  The delectable treat was enough to make me forget the heat, my skinned knee and my throbbing ankle.  You see, on the walk to this FlavourSport cart from the 10th and Alder cart pod, I rolled my ankle near the Gin cart on 3rd and skinned my knee.  Watch out for uneven sidewalks!  That S'mores waffle was definitely what the doctor ordered!!  I tried to lick up every bit of that homemade marshmallow fluff, even getting some on my cheek.  As we were walking up to FlavourSpot, we could see that they were in the process of shutting up for the afternoon.  I am so grateful that the operators decided to stay open a little longer and make us our waffles!  The lovely cart guys even recycled my soda can bought from a different location (by the by, where are the recycling bins around these cart pods?).Thanks, FlavourSpot guys, for everything!
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,10/23/2010,58,56,12,11,8>So a vegetarian walks into a chicken wing joint and...well...ummm...I wish there was some sort of punch line for that, but being in Portland I suppose this is a perfectly normal and acceptable occurrence!    Being a meat dominated restaurant, I will give Fire on the Mountain kudos for having enough options to keep even a picky vegetarian like myself content.   Between meatless wings, salads, and sandwiches I was left debating what to order as I approached the counter.   Ultimately the Vegetteranean Sandwich won my vote because it was the most fun to say aloud! After ordering the sis and I got to play the find a table game, which was a little creepy. I am not a huge fan of staring at people to figure out who was almost finished then standing in their personal space in order to snatch the table.  On the bright side however, this helped to pass the time because by the time we claimed a table, our order was ready and deliciousness ensued.  Once again my "Ooo that's fun to say" decision process landed me with an awesome outcome.  The combination of roasted peppers, grilled eggplant, lettuce, tomato, onion, feta cheese, and balsamic vinaigrette was extremely yummy but oh so very messy (Meh, who do I have to impress?!?).  Because the place was packed with vultures looking for a table to snatch, I did feel a little bit guiltily taking too much time to enjoy my meal.  I guess that just means I will have to come back another day.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,10/22/2010,426,1757,12,20,19>Angelina Jolie is a provocateur. And back in the day when she was dating Billy Bob and wearing a vial of blood, winning an Oscar and kissing her brother, she was quoted as saying, "Before I die, I want to taste everyone in the world." And that statement really resonated with me.Not in the overtly sexual or inflammatory way in which it was intended, but in a purer way. I want to taste (and experience) everything. Then Yelp entered my world and I found other people like me who might be singing, "I flit, I float, I fleetly flee, I fly." But what interests me most are people who see and experience life differently and I get a glimpse into their world. It is those reviews that I especially enjoy because it encourages me to try a new place or a different item on the menu. They taste different.You can use Yelp a thousand different ways. To write a few reviews about your regular haunts that you know deeply or only about places you love or kill the hype of those you hate. To keep a record of adventures with family and friends in real life and keep in touch with those around the world you meet 'on the internet.' And if you're lucky some of those Yeeps become real friends too.Another reason to enjoy Yelp is when it leads you to places like Gourmet Productions. I live one town over, but had never heard of this cafe until I came across it in reviews. It does all those things that folks in the Portland Metro Area love: independently owned and serving locally sourced food. It has style and flair, vibrant color and taste, but food is served on paper plates with recycled plastic forks.That is Oregon's specialty - casual elegance. We want to wow you, but look like we're not trying too hard.Gourmet Productions is a catering company that also operates a small café so you can dine in or take your food to go. I've been working my way through their salads and sides, and their pre-made gourmet sandwiches are also excellent. The quinoa with feta cheese, cucumbers, pecans and tomatoes is out of this world. The snap peas are another must have. You can assemble a plate of different items that they will individually weigh and you pay by the pound.Since everything is pre-made, this is one of the fastest and most enjoyable lunches in town. They sell six types of fresh baked cookies and offer a daily dessert. I've also bought Spanish wine and they sell a small assortment of cook books and other items.The space and staff have a decidedly female vibe which I really like. They are fun and seem like they've found their niche and are executing everything very well. I look forward to many more visits here until the next little spot catches my eye. In Portland, there is always a new place. Thanks to Yelp I have a little inside info. about how to have the best experience and what to avoid before I walk in the door.
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,10/21/2010,28,135,12,9,12>Remember when you were a little kid and you made forts in your house with blankets and a table?  You would then spend the day eating ice cream and drinking Coke while playing board games...all in your little place that was just for you and your friends.  Later that may have become a tree house, were kids could just hang out and be kids.This is the adult version of the fort/tree house.Instead of ice cream and soda, there is a nice selection of single malt scotches and other whiskeys (but I just look at the scotch), and a place to smoke your favorite Dominican cigar.  There are other choices from the CPR next door, such as draft beers and mixed drinks, but you are in your adult fort.  Why get what you can get everywhere else?  You have finished work, and maybe your day didn't go so good.  Call a few friends and hang out at the shed for an hour or two, and the day simply got better.  Yeah, you can get food from the McMinaminnemanimannimmumins next door, but why?  A scotch, a cigar, and friends.  Nutrition for a weary mind.   My adult fort.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2010,10/20/2010,24,48,16,10,10>Trizzity.  Tron.  The T Spot.  Tryon.  What a bar.  I've been to this place more than really want to admit to, but I will say it is fabulous for several reasons:1.  College hipsters to 50-year-old alchies, this place has the perfect mix of young and old, who are all ridiculous in their own right.2.  In College, the booze was a great freakin deal: try a vodka press and pay $4.50 for a pint glass 2/3 full of booze.  Or a $10 micro pitcher on a Friday night.  Or, if you dare, try a long island---but do not dare try more than two or you will be praying to the porcelain gods.3.  There are some great regulars, keep your eyes out for Max or Blaine.  If you are a woman, stay away from Max, he is a dirtier than a highway restroom toilet.  Actually, everybody should avoid Max.  You'll know it is him because he is missing half of his front tooth.4.  I like their french fries, and I've heard that everybody loves the bar grub.  5.  Trivia night is fun, but they don't really like me to come for that because I can't resist hollering out the answers.  6.  The bartenders are the shit.  And they are very good about cutting off the drunkies, which back in my partying days I didn't appreciate.  Upon further reflection, I really do.  I was indeed visibly intoxicated.  That's all I can think of now.  :)
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,10/19/2010,42,52,25,17,17>Ever wonder where they got the ideas for Scooby Doo? Hi. My name is Oaks Park--the poster child for beautifully creepy haunted amusement parks everywhere.Sometimes I wake up in the morning and just feel lucky that I have my own authentic 1920's spooky carnival right down the street. It's a dream come true.When I first moved here, I took a walk through Sellwood park and saw the aging riverside behemoth of fun poking through the trees and thought, 'My god, I've stepped into a 1970's horror movie. How awesome!"The actual experience of Oaks is equal to the imagination. In a branded world of sophisticated corporate entertainment, it is so rare and precious to find a vanishing piece of authentic American cultural history preserved so well.Sure, there are no 100 mph, hang upside down, double loop, make you sick with fear Batman rides at Oaks but, unlike Six Flags or Diseyland, Oaks Park is like a time machine where you can step back into your own childhood or even the childhood of someone born decades before you ever existed.Oaks comes complete with every wonderfully seedy detail of the old time amusement park experience. It's slightly decrepit, full of authentically disturbing carnies, packed with rides that have that wonderfully dangerous 'maybe this is the time that it falls apart" feeling as you get on them and, finally, loads and loads of fun.It also sports one of the best roller skating rinks I've seen in a long time that has, gasp, a working Wurlitzer organ in it.But my favorite thing at Oaks currently is the Lewis and Clark ride. The first summer I was in Sellwood, the Lewis and Clark ride was actually the requisite Haunted House ride. And then during the Lewis and Clark bicentennial, they hastily switched it from haunted spookfest to pioneer celebration.Only they didn't really switch anything. Took out a few skeletons. Repainted. And re-dressed any "animatronic" figures with coonskin caps and cured hide jackets. Including one figure that was clearly some sort of scary monster that now poses as an oddly vibrating Native American who is facing the wall away from the ride. Awesome! Strangely, it's more frightening this way.Oaks Parks is great for kids, fun for adults and even fun for cynics who love encounters with decaying Americana.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2010,10/18/2010,50,138,11,18,13>A good burger is not like re-inventing the wheel.  Actually, it is exactly the opposite.  With the emergence of 5 guys, a truly classic and pure interpretation of the Hamburger genre, a trend emerging to compare all burgers of a "non-gourmet" (oh the semantics of foodiedom) fashion to In-N-Out points to an interesting and almost singular phenomenon of food.  That perhaps the best is in-fact behind us and not in-front.  As in some of my reviews I am going to digress from here on for about 5 paragraphs, so if you are looking for the overall takeaway, please skip to my last paragraph.  I don't want to waste your time, but if you are looking to waste time I assure you these next little bits of tripe are somewhat worthy of consideration.Now, in New York City, the venerable epicenter of gastronomy, a war-of-burgers has emerged of a different kind; a war fought initially around beef quality over presentation/interpretation.  The wholesale meat distributor Pat LaFrieda Meat Purveyors has carved out a niche market of blending extremely high grade meat cuts, some aged and almost all prime grade, selling both standard and custom blends of their meats to restaurants looking to serve "high-end" burgers; some of which can carry price tags well into the $30-$40 per sandwich.  And over the last 3 years a frenzy of burger invention played itself out with multiple players contending to win the spoils of "best burger" in the city.  But the endgame has played itself out in a manner which perhaps nobody could have imagined.  The restaurants most prized for their burgers were not the places who got the most prime, longest aged, priciest cuts into their burger blend, but the restaurants who could make a bun to stand up to the ungodly, and awe inspiring juiciness, fries which were most palatable, and a combination of toppings that could stand up to a fat/flavor content of the meat; a beef patty containing meat of such high quality and flavor that most citizens couldn't even acquire at a local supermarket.  Mostly it came down to the bun, with the amount of juice from these burgers most bun-bottoms quickly became a soggy mess, unless they were of the foccia variety where they would lose points for authenticity.  So let me tie this around.Nobody in their right mind, nor common socioeconomic status would ever consider eating a $25 burger on a regular basis, regardless of how good it is.  Similarly, nobody wants to eat Burger Kind and McDonalds burgers regardless of how cheap they are.  There has to be a common ground....enter In-N-Out; aka the un-reinvented wheel of the burger world.  What they perfected is 1) Simple Menu 2) Simple, fresh ingredients 3) Fast and cheap delivery.  It seems almost ludicrous that these three things would be so hard to accomplish that people in states other than California who have the chance to eat In-N-Out once in their lives pine over the lack of access to something so simple.  Meanwhile, in Beaverton, late 2008........Five Guys.  Could this be the answer Oregonians have been looking for to the In-N-Out question?  Some say yes, some say no.  I say, Maybe?  What five guys represents is a different but, in my opinion equal, experience to in-n-out.  Where the comparison fails is that Five Guys lacks the all out tour-de-force simplicity and affordability aspect to In-n-out; they are somewhat expensive, offer bacon (gasp in horror), and their fries are not traditional AT ALL.  However, what they do, and do VERY well IMHO is a simple, well topped, and well appointed hamburger of extremely high quality and freshness.  All in all, I think that expectations are the #1 spoiler of experience and that most people don't like 5 guys because they EXPECT it to be like in-n-out.  But I digress.  My expectations for Little Big Burger were minimal to ambivalent.  People said they are small, which they are. Where LBB excels is in their finely sliced toppings of lettuce, onion, tomato pickles (which I removed), and cheese.  The lack of an interfering texture between the bun and the meat really lends well to delivery of the pure beef flavor of the meat, which I could not tell if it was seasoned or not, but my guess would be that it has some salt and savory spices added.  The meat was cooked to a perfect "medium" which the sign clearly says, quite a bit of cooked pink left in such a small patty, which is impressive.  The bun is smooth and plain, but flakey and structured and delivers the burger and toppings well w/o a hit of sogg or unpleasant firmness.  The Fries, my god the fries.  They are perfect.  Enough said.  I was 50/50 on the catsup, it was good and fun, but perhaps just a little too spicy for constant dipping of the fries.  All in all, this place is legit, and as long as they keep their simple food model and good service that I experienced today, I don't see any reason to change anything or them closing down any time soon.     Kudos.  I'M ADDING THESE LINES TO MAKE IT EXACTLY 5001
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,10/17/2010,148,236,15,14,14>I am totally hopeless in the face of a pastry. You want my money? Have it. You want my dog? He's yours... just give me the pastry. Thank god I have a wife, or I'd be broke and starring on Biggest Loser.We hit up sweetness on a Saturday morning when the usual PDX brunch just wasn't resonating. The result was total awesomeness! While the location isn't much to look at, the ambiance inside is fantastic. It's shabby in the best way, and the staff was all female, and they were all totally awesome. We had muffins, quiche, muffins, pastries and more. If I had been without the wife, I suspect I would have had extra muffins and pastries. Everything was fresh and tasty, and the whole place seemed to smile like the sun on the box of Raisin Bran. If I were you, I would go here. I would also bring me a pastry. Please?
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2007,9/19/2007,141,355,,3,2>Locals who frequent lunch in Downtown Vancouver probably already know the intersection of 12th and Main as the location of the green and white striped hot dog cart.  While yummy, another culinary gem is found across the street.  1220 Main is a small but inviting  Restaurant and Lounge that looks like it's been plucked out of bustling metropolis and placed in mellow Vancouver.   It reminded me of the late Harrison's (located in Portland's Fox Tower).  We had the Baked Spinach & Artichoke dip and Roasted Pepper Hummus as appetizers, both were simply fantastic.  I had the herb roasted chicken breast which was brilliantly prepared and presented with potato and a cranberry chutney.  There are enough options on the menu that anyone could find something to be happy with.  The live music was starting up in the bar as we were leaving, the group sounded pretty good.   Our group of 5 had a dinner reservation at 6.30 pm on a Saturday night, but were unnecessary as it was not overly busy.  The staff was attentive and charming and get a bonus star for not making a scene that it was my birthday.  Well done 1220, I hope you're around for a long time.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2007,9/18/2007,3,10,2,1,2>The people at Stumptown are like chemists and a wine connoisseur all in one with their coffee, especially at the Annex on Belmont. If you ever ask where they get there coffee, you'd think that they are in another line of business. But, these are good people with a passion for the stuff and I enjoy a nice quality French-pressed cup of coffee in the morning. You will be surprised that after drinking their coffee for a while, your senses get a huge upgrade, and other coffee tastes like...well... coffee flavored water. It's kinda like back when you would order water at a hamburger joint and it tasted like water downed fruit punch. Remember that?
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,9/17/2007,5,52,1,2,3>When life has been getting its digs in, take a break and stop off at Journey's.  It's a bar that will blow you away with just about every drink they serve.  They have a number of great ales on tap and a  amazing selection of wine.  Just ask the salty gentleman behind the bar and he'll give you all the info you want about your drink choice and enough sass to keep you coming back.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2007,9/16/2007,14,2,,4,4>This place is  a hidden gem for the vinyl lover.  Some of the records are a little pricey, but a lot of them are hard to find here in Oregon.  The best thing about the shop is the proprietor!  The older gentleman that is usually there whenever I go is very knowledge about all the product they carry and delightful to chat with.  The $2.00 bin is full of useful product especially for those trying to build their crates.  If your in Beaverton, hit it up!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2007,9/15/2007,3,2,2,3,4>I had read somewhere (an old WW, maybe?) about Roux's crawfish pie. I know zip, nada about Cajun culture, food, music--other than I like what I've heard and tasted of it. I mean, how can you not smile when a zydeco band lights up and the washboard player gets going? Strumming his chest, for God's sake.  West Coast-born-and-bred as I am, however, I still have a claim to crawfish. Though we called them crawdads. It was a coming-of-age initiation along my boyhood stretch of Kellogg Creek (out in the wilds of Milwaukie) to be able to  snatch the clawed beasties off the creek bottom without getting a nasty pinch. Then we'd boil them in a old coffee can over a fire we'd light in the woods, dip those tails in ketchup, and life didn't get much sweeter for a 10-year-old.Roux didn't consult me when they concocted their crawfish pie, and good thing. I settled in at their bar by myself one August evening recently and ordered that, and a shot of Laphroaig (neat). Yum, and yum. My crawdads came in pastry, like chicken pot pie, a bit on the small side, I thought at first. Then I forked it open and dug in to the creamy sauce and generous quantity of crawdad tails in it, and it was enough. Such a delectable enough, too.I lingered at the bar, nursing my scotch for another 15 minutes while writing and musing. Roux is a good place for that, if you're by yourself. The barkeep snared me with the offer of a scoop of ice cream for dessert. For the life of me, I can't remember what flavor it was--nothing particularly exotic--but it was the texture, not the flavor, that captured me. I cannot remember tasting ice cream that was creamier and more luscious than this. Yowsa.Then out into the summer twilight, onto my bike, and home. Good tastes, good memories, a good evening at my neighborhood Roux.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2007,9/14/2007,121,1306,2,7,6>Warning, warning!  Cheap, cheap, CHEAP Indian food in large, gut exploding quantities.  Can you handle it?  I know I can.  It's insanely delicious despite the bland decor.  You walk inside the building touting Gandhi's sign, and you're met with a cafeteria style experience.  Gandhi's occupies the right side in the front of the building.  Empty serving facilities line the rest of the walls leading to what looked like a Mexican food place in the back.  I was introduced to a tasty bite of trivia while standing in line.  The building used to house an old Burger King (thanks Kyle F. :p).  But back to the food:  You're given any multitude of combinations to choose from, be it vegetarian or meat or both.  I was slightly disappointed at the measly piece of nan, but the curry made up for it.  No meal was over $7.  For meals including lamb or shrimp, that is a steal!  If you opt to eat in house, you're treated to dining both downstairs and upstairs.  It's very fast food restaurant-esque.  We got there at noon and there was no trouble finding a spot to eat.  This place is definitely a lunchtime gem.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2007,9/13/2007,18,0,4,3,9>One of the reasons I love Portland is the variety of people that would normally be divided by their clothes, beliefs, drinks, food, and music who continually  find themselves co-existing peacefully and invitingly.  To me, Ron Tom's provided a perfect example of this.Several reviews mention Eames chairs,mid-century modern, vintage, and hipster.  None of these words would describe me.  When I hear "Eames chair," I wonder when he will come back from the bathroom. I am a Midwestern boy who thinks vintage describes Grandma's couch.  I usually wear a t-shirt and jeans (not a vintage t-shirt, just a t-shirt), and if I am wanting to dress up, a polo. My knowledge and preferences are framed by my background.  Therefore, Ron Tom's felt initially very foreign to me.Yet, I love experiencing things that I cannot relate to, and Portland always opens my eyes to things that I never knew existed.  And I love Portland for this.Ron Tom's provided a place where I could feel comfortable not knowing the significance of a certain piece of furniture or what it is called. It has great drinks (everybody at our table satisfactorily ordered something different) and a friendly staff.  I felt completely comfortable in a place that I would normally feel unwelcome. I will go there again, especially with my roommate who actually knows what an "Eames chair" is.One of the reasons I went to Ron Tom's is their rating details; the geek in me glows when I can choose a restaurant based on a bar graph and timeline!.  Since people have been reviewing them, their ratings have increased.  I think this is an awesome feature.  I really hope restaurants and bars use this to see if they are doing better or doing worse.  They could really help their business if they stayed attuned to their customers' feelings.
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2007,9/12/2007,55,113,,7,4>There is a theme to my restaurant reviews. If my children can play happily while I eat, the restaurant is going to get 5 stars. If I could do a 5 star plus, Laurelwood would get it. There are kid restaurants where the kids are really happy (ChuckECheese, Peanut Butter and Ellies), then there is the Laurelwood. Granted it doesnt have the loud noises of CheckECheese to entertain children to the point where they are screaming when they leave. Or Peanut Butter and Ellie's  edible playdough, that makes you feel like you overpaid for mediocre food. Laurelwood is modest  in it children's entertainment, but on a quite afternoon, that is all that is needed. After an exhausting morning of treking 3 starving kids through downtown running errands, we popped into Laurelwood for lunch. We ordered the kids lunch as we were being seated. All of us practically in tears, the waitress got it! Our food was sitting in front of us before we could all of the potty trips done. I feel like I am an adult in an adult restaurant and can almost forget that I have kids when I am at Laurelwood. Thank you!!!On a side note:If you go to a restaurant  that caterers to children, and you do not have children, let alone like them . . . . . . please don't go to that restaurant, or if you do, don't sit in the children's area. There are other areas of the restaurant where there is not a kids play area. Go sit there. That way you don't have sit for your entire lunch glaring at the parents of children happily playing.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2007,9/11/2007,258,331,4,9,5>The Canned-Food Crack-House is goin' strong.  Pick up your gift wrap, greeting cards, T.P. , shampoo, hair-styling products and paper towels at insanely cheap prices.  Perhaps the package is slightly ripped or the item has older, outdated packaging.  In any case the non-food items are a steal.  I have found BedHead and Redken hair products, and my favorite 100% cotton Tampax tampons (which they don't manufacture anymore).  Those were 50 cents per box...I couldn't eff-ing believe it!Do NOT buy the frozen food.  Most of it is expired, and sometimes it's been thawed in transit and then re-frozen at the store.  Gross.  I would also stay away from the cheese, milk and other perishable items unless you carefully check the expiration dates.Baking supplies: yes. go for it.  Real vanilla extract and other expensive flavorings/spices for cheap cheap cheap.They even have wine tastings!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,9/10/2007,18,98,,7,4>[From a message to the girl who only gave Flexcar two stars:]Yeah, I wouldn't rent a car to go for a hike in the Gorge.  What would be the point?  But I think you're failing to see the inherent awesomeness of Flexcar.When my boyfriend was at band practice late and his band mates were too drunk to drive him home, I could rent the Flexcar for a half hour, whip across town and grab him and have him home safely for $5.  Way cheaper than a cab.And when I go to Trader Joe's, I can rent the car for an hour, load up on groceries, and be home for $10.  Being that the only grocery store near me is Wild Oats, I save a crapload of money, even factoring in the cost of the car.So yeah, if you're taking a day or weekend trip, rent from a car rental agency.  But if you just need a vehicle to run some errands, Flexcar is the BOMB.  And they have monthly plans where you can rent the car for, like, three hours a month for only $9.99 total.  You should check it out again.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,4/19/2013,811,415,5,9,9>When I married my husband and came to Oregon for a visit with him, many years ago, this was the first place he brought me. It was like no other pizza place, the pizza was $3.95 for a large and if you wanted a box you were going to pay for it. They haven't changed too much over the years, except for the price now being like every other pizza place. Maybe even OVERLY priced for what it is. My four star is a fair split between my 3 star and my husband's 5 star. I don't have the gooey warm nostalgic feeling of growing up with this pizza and stories of chasing down the Pizza Baron truck for a pizza. My son loves them, as well. We went for his birthday not too long ago and it looked like everyone was having a birthday, as well. It was packed, but we found the last table open. I would say try them at least once if you are in the area, their crust is the cornmeal kind, and grab a pitcher of rootbeer, which is pretty good for the price. As a tip, they are in the Entertainment book.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/18/2013,949,916,18,22,22>Remember when you can pay $6.75 for a movie?Remember when popcorn and candy were only a few bucks?Remember when a debit card or credit card didn't exist?Well if you remember that! Then you may like to watch your next flick at Cinemagic! I'm not quite sure how this theatre got it's name, but the place is ***CASH ONLY***Located off of SE Hawthorne and sorta intersects with SE 20th. This 1940's theatre is quite charming. Parking is on the street and nearby neighborhood streets as well. If you have a student I.D. or you're a senior citizen, there are discounts and your ticket would be a couple bucks cheaper. I came to watch "The Hobbit" with several Yeeps one lovely evening. The seats were quite cushiony and comfy, which was kinda nice for a 3 hour movie we were to endure. It was too comfy for some of us, that they fell asleep through bits and pieces of the movie (I'm not speaking of experience). Although the seats were very comforting, a few may squeak. So if you're the type that fidgets in their seat while watching a movie, you may want a move a seat or two down so you won't irritate your neighbors. In addition, the seats just added cup holders, I'm not too sure how recent that is. Typically this theatre doesn't show the newest flick to date. They wait until a couple months before they show it on the silver screen. But it's nice to know that if there is a huge blockbuster out and about, they they would be showing the film a bit earlier than expected. I wouldn't mind coming back to this theatre again to watch another movie. Especially since it's pretty wallet friendly! =)Yelp 2013 100 for 100 Challenge - Review #11
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,4/17/2013,219,318,5,4,5>This is another one of Portland's premier five star breakfast spots. On Sunday you have to be in by 9 o'clock or you will have to plan to wait. I'm not sure why I waited so long to try this one out but I can honestly say, we'll be back. They won't seat you without your entire party present but we got a table immediately.Oh Besaw's, you tickle my taste buds. Breakfast was excellent as I had the wild salmon scramble: Three eggs, house-smoked wild salmon, fresh herbs, cream cheese, and chives. All egg dishes are served with rosemary-garlic roasted potatoes & multigrain toast. They also offer gluten-free options for all us glutards (One who does not possess the enzymes necessary to digest gluten, a main ingredient in wheat products. One who is "glutarded" must only eat gluten-free foods, such as water, tofu, and air.) Great atmosphere with impeccable service. Lots of windows line the 23rd street wall so even on a rainy day it's pretty bright in there. Service was excellent.Thanks Besaw's for a wonderful breakfast experience.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,4/16/2013,349,547,8,9,6>I've got mad respect for those who do, but I've never been one to write a poem or song parody for a Yelp review. It's a testament, then, to Sweetpea's tasty baked goods, that I nearly wrote one for this review--to the tune of T-Pain's I'm in Love With a Stripper: I'm in Love With a Cookie. (In case T-Pain's masterpiece didn't make it out here to the west coast: youtube.com/watch?v=lKcr)Sweetpea makes my perfect, ideal, dream, delicious, amazing chocolate chip cookie. This thing is a tiny bit crispy on the edges, soft and chewy in the middle. The chocolate chip ratio is perfect, and they are sweet, but not cloyingly so. Oh man, I really love this cookie. I also had a raspberry bar on my first visit to Portland nearly four years ago, and it was great, too.I've got a pretty good routine going. I walk about a mile and a half to get to Sweetpea, where I get a coffee and a cookie for four dollars. In-house coffee comes with one refill. They've got ample outlets, free wifi, and plenty of seats. The three mile round trip walk hopefully helps me burn off some of the cookie calories, too. Service is admittedly pretty bad. I tried to start a Supportland card here after reading about the loyalty program on Yelp, but the girl behind the counter couldn't figure it out. When I politely told her not to worry about it, she didn't demur. (I guess that's what I get for saying something that wasn't what I meant. Yay passive aggression.) There's one or two nice folks, but for the most part service is scowly and curt. The cookies make up for it. I hope to try their sandwiches and brunch offerings soon, too.I do think most of the prices seem about 25 cents to a dollar too high. I haven't branched out from my beloved chocolate chip cookie in part because everything else is a little rich for my blood. I also wish there was an option to get one cup of coffee for a little less money--two cups of coffee is a lot for me, but I'd never not drink a free refill.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/15/2013,90,588,6,9,7>This is a review by a vegetarianDING DING DING we have a winner. Decrement all my earlier Portland bagels reviews by half a star. THIS IS THE PLACE.Better than the competent Rescue, better than Kenny & Zuke's, better than Bowery, better than Spielman's. Don't even mention Bagelsworks or Einstein or "that bakery you know that has 5 bagels in the case and offers Gluten-Free"The only competition is Tastebud and that's a totally different style.Eating one of these still warm after sampling the Portland miasma of bagelry is like the first moments of sex following a long period of abstinence/self-love. "Ah, that's what was missing. So glad this is happening for real"In the same storefront as Hogan Goat pizza. Right now open Fri-Sun 7am until bagels be gone. Also to be found in some cafes listed on the website.$7 for 6.$13 for 13
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/14/2013,148,128,2,10,6>Met some foodies here last night and since I'm not really sure what to order, I left it up to my Chinese speaking friends, and they didn't disappoint.  I'm not sure exactly the names of all the dishes we ordered, but we started out with Egg Flower Soup and moved on to Crispy Duck Skin, various veggie dishes, Chicken and Egg Plant, Clams and Egg Plant, Rice, Battered and Fried Sardines and many more.  I'm thinking there were at least a dozen dishes that we consumed, and the price came out to $10.00 per person and that's including the tip.The only real negative was that they had a table for 12 and would have liked to have sat there, so I wasn't bumping into my neighbors while eating.  Supposedly the larger table was reserved, but they never showed up in the time that we were there, so I'm not sure why they wouldn't give that to us.Everyone says that this is the best place in PDX for Dim Sum, and if the rest of the menu is anything like what we had last night, then they're correct.  Tasty and delightful.  The fried foods didn't seem greasy like other Chinese restaurants, so that's a huge plus!Overall Rating: 90%Food: 5/5Price: 5/5Service: 4/5Ambiance: 4/5
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,4/13/2013,187,281,,9,10>I've got 280 checkins here - virtually all of them with my dog Zoey. Most days we walk from home, down NW Overton to NW 9th, then cross over to the waterfront by the Police Equestrian training facility. We walk south on the Greenway Trail, with how far we go depending on how long of a walk we want to take. If we turn right and cross the pedestrian bridge over the tracks to Union Station then head home via NW Glisan it makes for a 3.5 mile outing. If we have more time and energy, we continue along the Greenway Trail, under the Steel Bridge into Tom McCall Waterfront Park. Sometimes we turn off at NW Everett (about a 4 mile loop) or continue to SW Morrison (about a 5 mile loop).There are always some sort of birds along the way (geese, ducks, seagulls, crows, sky rats {pigeons}) for Zoey to boss around. There are always other dogs being walked for her to get in some quality butt sniffing. There are kitties on condo decks along the boardwalk for her (and me) to say "hi" to.
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,4/12/2013,158,77,5,9,5>Honey toast cafe, the type of cafe I've been fiening for in the Portland area. One look at the picture of the honey toast and I found myself inside of this establishment almost immediately. I'm a huge sucker for sweets, but an even bigger sucker for unique types of sweets. So yes, not your average pastry or ice cream dessert. We ordered the strawberry honey toast, and holy crap was that thing HUGE.  My stomach grumbled as it made room for this delicious concoction to enter its digestive system. This thing is a beauty, one of those things you have to giggle and take pictures of. The server was polite enough to show us how to eat it, but all I was thinking about was how I was going to stab my fork in the middle and go to town. After you cut the sides out, you notice that the bread inside is already chopped up into smaller pieces which I found fabulously smart. Every bite is a mix of crispy, soft, honey toasted goodness. Yes friends, it is very sweet but not in a bad way. I ordered the salt and pepper chicken which I also orgasmo'd in my mouth while eating. Put the salty flavor and sweet flavor together and you're in a happy flavor land. Please do yourself a favor and check it out. You won't regret.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/11/2013,126,2155,7,10,7>Sweedeedee is probably still North Portland's hottest new breakfast place even though my visit was a few months back. The lines of people and full tables visible through the windows definitely don't lie about the demand this place has. Good for them. They make some mean breakfasts. The cafe is rustic and comfortable. The kind of place where your grandmother could enjoy a meal just as much as some hipster wearing big sunglasses to ease the pain of morning light after a long night of drinking. Like I said, I visited a few months ago. For as much as I'm talking this place up you might wonder why it has been so long. Well, because I loath the seating arrangement. Granted it worked just fine on my first visit, the chances of not getting a seat are enough to keep me away. You order everything at the counter, so don't screw up and forget something or you'll find yourself back in a long line or simply going without. I suspect this is the most efficient way for them to pump out the eats but it freaks me out. After ordering you'll stand in the way of just about everyone coming and going. You'll look on to the totally full tables and frantically check people's plates to determine who might be leaving soon. Then you'll remember that brunch is not a quick process and Portland on a weekend is no exception. At this point thoughts may fill your mind regarding your plan if your food arrives before seats do. Can you imagine what this would be like if you had a few people with you? What about some parents or grandparents? Sorry grandma, looks like you've got to eat that omelet standing over by this window doing the shuffle when people walk in or out. See? I don't want to deal with this crap so I go get breakfast burritos from whatever cart is open nearby. None of this is to say that the wait or the stress isn't worth the food, because again, the food is awesome. It's just that, chances are, I will not be in your way when you visit. Consider it one less person vying for your table.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,4/10/2013,236,543,,10,10>Gemini is the new Foster. They took a small neighborhood bar, decorated on a theme, put in a jukebox and upped the food. The deep red walls are gallery to black framed prints on a gemini or twin theme, many by Portland artists like Jennifer Park. The menu is built around sliders served in twos. I had the spicy chicken, with generous slabs of breast meat. Included sides are fries, salad or soup. The tomato basil soup had a strong sharp cheese flavor, recommended. Prices are moderate+ for the 'hood, but the quality is high. The mixed drinks are strong, taps are limited, but well selected. A good size outside area with seating along Foster. And even on a weeknight, they draw a neighborhood crowd filling the space. Great staff makes this small spot work. Recommended for neighborhood or visitors seeking a strong inside retro design theme with solid food and drink.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,4/26/2012,170,145,8,12,8>In the rear of a somewhat dingy market lies this wonderful gem of a taqueria/panaderia.I used to have this tradition where I would always want Mexican food after taking an exceptionally long run and while it was a bit of a trek to get there, Santa Cruz always had what my body desired. I don't need any stupid electrolyte drinks to recharge after a workout, I just need a burrito and a giant pastry.Depending on who is working, you may need to bust out a little bit of that Spanglish to get what you want. Even that may not be enough because they often mess up orders, but usually the mistake is even better than what you had originally ordered. Of course, they will happily correct any mistaken order and let you keep the original item. By far the best thing they have on the menu are the burritos. The tortillas are homemade from scratch, the meats are marinated to perfection and they don't completely overdo it on cheese or cilantro like many Mexican restaurants tend to do. They also have this chile relleno burrito that is to die for, but it is easily the richest thing I've ever eaten. Their tacos are made with the same marinated meats and are an absolute steal at $1-1.50/piece. If I'm feeling quite like a heifer I might go for their tostadas made with queso blanco.After Portland Marathon, Chas S. and I were absolutely starving and decided to hit this place up. Chas's goal was that if he successfully completed the marathon, he would order one of each of the tacos they offer and eat the entire platter. This is definitely more of an accomplishment than finishing an entire marathon, and he still continued to eat half of his mother's burrito. Even if he didn't get a medal for winning the marathon, he deserves one for the taco marathon.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,4/25/2012,219,427,14,11,13>Friggin' awesome! Like I needed anything else complicating my cart decision at this pod anyways. This time the fried chicken craving hit my guy and I knew exactly where to take him because I had been lusting after this sandwich for awhile. Of course I had to try the Jalapy, as soon as I read about it, I knew we were destined to meet. It is scrumptious boneless fried chicken on a bun with bacon, jalapenos and their house made ranch. Once obtained, I regarded the sandwich. I'm pretty sure it regarded me back in all its fantastic monstrosity. I considered my approach, there was just no way to eat this and still appear attractive to my partner. (This is not date food. Repeat, only eat in front of your nearest and dearest). I went for it and took the biggest bite I could, which sadly was not nearly big enough. My boyfriend collapsed into hysterics. I fought my way through it, sharing bites with my beloved. It provided a lip tingling heat. Wonderful. I loved the little crispy bits that came off the chicken. I admitted defeat and wrapped up the rest of this treat for later. We also enjoyed the bf's regular fried chicken with a side of coleslaw that had a great little smoke to it. It would be perfect on a sandwich as well. The gentlemen manning the cart that night were dolls. To prevent freezing your tookus off this winter while waiting they handed us a card and said you can call in your order. Sweet!!! They also take credit cards. I saw some people commenting on price. I didn't think it was bad at all considering the HUGE portion size. My sandwich was $7. I'll introduce my theory on food purchases: If it's bigger than my face and it costs less than $10, it's a deal. And they use Draper Valley Farms chicken. Can't beat that. Go check them out. That is all.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2011,4/24/2012,320,479,10,14,10>I was on the prowl for a fancy little clutch type of purse for my NYE ensemble and the window displays of cutesy dresses lured me in.I thought for sure the fluffy little dress in the window would be over $100.00 so imagine my surprise when I turned over the price ticket and it was only $29.00.Now I get it.Everything in here is super cute and way too affordable for you not to try stuff on and if it fits, well, the price tag is not going to get in your way.I was taking photos of shoes and such and sending then as MMS messages to my friend.  I knew that this store would be just her style.  Now that she has seen the photos, now she wants to get herself in there ASAP and I can't wait to go back.At this time, there are a lot of dresses for the holidays but that is going to change and new stock is coming in all the time.  Also, it was explained to me that they only sell six of any one item and once that item is gone, it is gone for good.  So if you see something you like, you better buy it.  The style of the clothing is a little bit on the youthful side, which is fine by me and the shop is one of several with the others being in Las Vegas.I know that this shop is going to be one of my regular stops for fun clothing and friendly chit-chats with the sales gals.You fuddy-duddies may want to steer clear.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,4/23/2012,342,431,9,13,11>After snow boarding last week the Mrs and I wanted to head out, get a bite to eat and have a few drinks.  As I was looking for places off the Blue line (thanks Frank L.) I seen Goose Hollow Inn.  A Reuben and a beer sounds awesome.After a short ride on the max (avoiding the Drinkin' and drivin') we arrived.  The place was cozy and had Snoop Dogg and Tupac bangin'.  Didn't see that coming!!  The music already had me kinda "in the mood" to drink.  We sat in the back half of the pub at first and couldn't really hear the music.Our server was kick ass, personable, attentive and on top of our orders.  I asked what he suggested for a good IPA and he mentioned the Vaporizer.  Explained how it was lighter than most, but still had a kick.  SOLD! And this was a fine beer, I was a instant fan.Clearly Reubens are the way to go here.  D to the A to the N to the K. DANK!! Loved the sandwich.  The rye bread was crispy on the outside creating a nice texture while the corned beef was succulent and tasty.  The Kraut, dressing and a little bit of the horse radish set off the flavors perfectly.  I do admit it was a little greasy, but hey, we didn't care, it was great.  I'm not much of an expert on them, but it is my new standard when it comes to what a Reuben should be.A few booths cleared out in the main area, I asked our server if would could move.  He was cool with it, and it livened up the visit being able to clearly hear the music and sit with all the others.I would stop here again and get a vaporizer and a reuben without question.  Try it out, you wont be disappointed.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,4/22/2012,273,418,8,26,16>Confession: I thought I was going to hate PaaDee...I really did. I live very close and had seen it being built, I walked past it frequently and it looked a bit posh for the area.  I thought it was going to be a fancy-pants Thai place with high prices and small portions, a place that a caveman like me would get the stink-eye for even entering.I was so, so wrong.The ONLY reason I went here is because I live close and wanted to try something different in the neighborhood, I'm very glad I did.The best tip I can give about this place is: if you sit at the bar it's ALWAYS happy hour. As someone that often wants to cure his hangryness STAT and not coordinate/beg friends to meet him somewhere, I love this idea.I only sit at the bar here, so my review is framed around this life-changing idea and may or may not be relevant to the place at large.Like Pok Pok (which I like the food at, but given its price and meager portion size, will NEVER visit again) this place has what I'm assuming is a more "authentic" take on Thai food (I don't really know though as I've never been to Thailand).  Let's just say there are a lot of dishes you don't see at other Thai places and vice-versa.UNLIKE Pok Pok:- this place doesn't have insane wait times- this place doesn't have isane(ly) small portions (everything at Pok Pok feels like a side or an appetizer but is priced like a full meal)- this place doesn't have an air of "have you dine with us before? We do "family-style" dining" pretension (read: you'll have to get three things and share and still be hungry)Let's just say that I when I was here I got:TWO 20oz pints of good NW beer (Laurelwood IPA and Double Mountain IRA)TWO skewers (squid and pork)And a tastey noodle dishThe tab?  ELEVEN BUCKS.  This would cost you like $30 at Pok Pok and you'd still have to go hit up the food carts afterwards.  Also, this is what the 'tapas' concept is supposed to be like: low prices and smaller portions which allow you to sample many different things and still leave satisfied, but never is.Other things that are great:Service is sweet, kind, and fantasticThey give you your tab wedged in some sort of Thai comicbook/graphic novelAmbiance is dark and nice but not pretensionsThe sign has two cute Asian Elephants on itI highly recommend giving them a shot!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2012,4/21/2012,121,1306,8,13,11>My life has been forever changed now that Sizzle Pie has taken over the old Rocco's spot.It's everything I've come to love from the east side location--great pizza by the slice [vegan or otherwise], loud music, great staff--but within walking distance at work. The New Year is so much better. I think I've resolved to eat her many, many times a week if this week was any indication.For being "new" they handle the lunch game like champs. There is a steady line from pizza case to the door, but it moves quickly. The guys behind the counters know how to handle the crowd. One person takes your pizza order and starts to reheat it [if that is even necessary. The turnover is so ridiculous that your pie is almost always fresh], then you move on to the register to add anything else to your order and pay. I never wait longer than 5-8 minutes total from walking in to having my pizza in hand.Make sure you use the pizza slice punch card. All slices fall in the $3-$4 range but the star of the show is the killer deal of any slice and any of their three salads for $6. If you get it "for here" instead of to go, I swear your salad is 10x bigger. They use a small pizza pan and half of your pan is salad. The slice takes up the other half. Totally balanced meal. It's impressive. They go light on the dressings and use super fresh ingredients, just like on the pizza. I don't know why I never tried their salads before, but they're pretty much the best thing ever [next to the pizza, of course].I have yet to really have a bad slice from either of their locations. The creativity is top notch both in combinations and in pizza titles. I seriously can't wait to take the office here for a work lunch trip. The O_o look on their faces alone for the punk/metal scene will be worth it. The pizza will be the icing on the cake. Which reminds me...pizza is the only pie better than cake.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,4/20/2012,123,492,10,15,13>Everyone should have a neighborhood restaurant like 3 Doors Down.  It's the kind of place where, when you are a regular, they start setting out your silverware and preparing your favorite cocktail the moment you walk in the door and head for the bar.  It's the kind of place where you may have a favorite dish that you order 25 times in a row, but on that 26th or 52nd or 78th time, when you decide to be adventurous, you are consistently blown away by just how fabulous the other menu options are.  It's the kind of place where you know you can bring out of town guests, and they will rave about their food, their drink, and their overall experience.  It's the kind of place where neighbors and friends can stop in on a casual weeknight and enjoy an all-night happy hour of affordable food on those days when cooking for yourself after a long day at work seems an impossibility.  It's the kind of place where we consistently run into Portland chefs on their nights off.I have had the pleasure of being a 3DD regular for almost 8 years now.  Most of my visits are during the week or Sunday nights, but even when The Bud and I decide to go out on a Friday or Saturday night, 3DD is often our top choice.  It's close.  It's delicious.  It's like family.  The atmosphere early in the evening is quiet and laid back, but in no time at all, the place is bustling, and it can become quite noisy.  There is a palpable energy running through the restaurant, and I personally thrive on that energy whether patrons are celebrating life's milestones or the mere fact that it's Wednesday.  I love observing it and experiencing it with a bourbon blood orange sour nestled comfortably in my hand, and another one on its way just as soon as I am ready for it.  It's the kind of place that always knows exactly when I'm ready for it.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,4/19/2012,46,111,6,6,5>***Now Open On Saturday!!!***No super long LineNo Stale Cereal DecorationsGreat fresh Donuts!It's the fresh thing, that's what makes Coco Donuts cool.  The magic...  is in the DONUT, and there is no boogie to deal with.They work with family recipes and combined quality ingredients, they handcraft small delicious batches of all your favorite classic donuts!That's donut quality...  vs donut hype & tourism, YOU make the choice.This location is cool, it's just across the street from the SW corner of Pioneer Square, at the Yamhill and 6th bus stop.P.S. The owner looks like Clark Kent.P.S.S. Friendly service!Not open on Sunday.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,4/18/2012,194,364,9,8,6>My heart stopped after seeing the Colbert Super Mac and I knew that was the only thing I could order on my first trip to BB!!!  It's a beautiful blend of 5 sandwiches in one:- 3 grilled cheese - 2 bacon cheese burgers w/ lettuce, pickles, & secret sauce- over 1/3 foot tall and weighing in at well over a pound (honestly, I'm not ever sure if Mick Jagger or Julia Roberts could fit their world-class kissers around this beast)- all surrounded with THICK Texas ToastCAUTION: Predosing with aspirin and having morphine and oxygen on-hand is STRONGLY recommended since 1 in 4 will likely suffer a coronary finishing this colossus!!!It's some serious heart-stopping greasy goodness (both figuratively and literally), only 11 bucks, and the best part: all of the proceeds go to the Colbert SuperPAC!!! :-D It's like the Cheesus from Grilled Cheese Grill, but bigger...and it's kind of like a BigMac, but WAY better....honestly, you have to see it to believe it.  I can't imagine one person eating it without throwing a clot, so best to have a friend or two help you out so you don't bust a gut!!!My only critique is that it's processed american cheese, certainly not worthy of such a behemoth....and using some local curds like Tillamook (or at least REAL cheese) and/or some thick peppered bacon instead of average would take this bad boy over the top...but alas, it is quite the spectacle, regardless.There are healthier and veggie options for those that can't afford to smack over 1000Cal & probably 200% of your fat for the day in one sandwich, so don't let this impressive tale scare you away if you're on diet :-)Final note: be cautious of their limited hours!  Unfortunately they're closed on Sundays and only open for Lunch most other days!!!
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,4/17/2012,949,916,8,10,9>I finally made it to Andina!!!! [**insert confetti falling from the sky**]I thought this place was a small restaurant (me looking from outside), but inside there are like 3 different levels and two different areas where you can dine. Wonderful atmosphere, great service, but most of all - extravagant and sophisticated food! I do recommend making reservations here because it can be quite busy. Andina is more about the tapas (small plates for sharing). But they also have some entrees which are just as yummy! I had their filet mignon and "OMG" this was cooked well and had so much flavor emitting through each chew! I swear I was salivating while I was eating! This was complimented with a corn tamale, which to my surprise was oozing with cheese in the middle! (what a plus!) This was sweet yet not over-powering. Another complimentary side dish to the meat was a slaw that was so yummy I gobbled it up and I didn't realize I had that side in the first place. And it doesn't stop there - dessert is just as scrumptious! I enjoyed their Chocolate Andino which was just the sugar I needed to end a rich meal. Parking for Andina is on the street and can be a bit difficult since parking in the Pearl District is a tad slim. But don't let the parking turn you down to dining here. It can be quite intimate for a date and a nice place to take out-of-town-visitors to be impressed (believe me they will be amazed). But nonetheless, hands down! Another favorite in my book! I would like to come back here to try out their happy hour (which is daily 4-6pm). It's no wonder that people are still buzzing about this place! It's mind-blowing!!!!! [**insert explosion sound here**]
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2013,3/12/2014,86,292,4,10,9>Trifecta is where I come to eat "the really good calories"!Ken, aka- The Bread King", has opened up a beautiful, very comfortable, new dining/bakery place. Seriously...I had no idea it was this BIG walking in! The gorgeous oak floors caught my eye first the wondered up the red walls that are lined with classy red leather booths. The bar is in the front, and the open kitchen in the middle with a massive wood oven!  Tall ceilings with an industrial look completes the restaurant. On the other side, is the bakery with white subway tile and beautiful breads in the front case. We came in on a Thursday night before a concert, and only had to wait 30 minutes. We were offered a cocktail menu while we waited, points to Trifecta for service! The cocktail menu looks awesome with classics and a navy strength gin, with a note "only 2 per customer"...must be hella strong! We opted for wine, which was a great price point by the glass.Our waiter was very knowledgeable on what was on the menu and suggested the trifecta oysters. He was spot on! They were the best oysters I've ever had, with 2 cheeses melted on top...I'm still drooling over these! We also enjoyed the wood fired brussel sprouts with chorizo and apple butter. The apple butter gave the dish the wow factor! What a great flavor combination, I'm going to make these at home! The deviled eggs we also had to try. Very creamy and tasty. I do suggest, when offered the house churned butter to go with your bread, get it! It's worth the few extra bucks and tastes so creamy on their house baked bread. Of course, we had to end on a sweet note with dessert! The rhum cake was to die for! Not like the rum cake served in the islands, but very good. It's more of a bread. Your server brings it to the table, cuts down the middle, and pours rum all down the cake. Served with a side of fresh cream, it was the perfect end to a great meal.The service was on point and the food was very delicious! The restaurant has a comfortable feel, no pretentious hipster attitudes here, just down right friendly folks serving really great food! I cant' wait to come back again and try the rabbit!Great job Ken and staff!
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,3/11/2014,426,1757,7,13,12>I took a walk back in time to 1913 in West Linn and Willamette. It was like Somewhere in Time, but with a tad less romance. And although it was tempting, I promise I didn't leave any pennies behind.The Willamette Neighborhood Association does a wonderful job of keeping our local history alive. Not just by documenting our local history, but by bringing it to life. In the summer, you can see locals in period dress in parades, at the farmers' market and at play in vintage baseball games during the Old Time Fair. The highlight is a Living History Lantern Light Tour held every September. This was my first experience and I hope to make it an annual event with my family.For every performance, they pick a different year and build a script around events and issues of the day. The actors represent residents that lived in the area during that time which is especially fun. This year it was 1913 (perfect since it is West Linn's 100th anniversary this year) and the big questions were whether Willamette should remain a separate community or combine with West Linn and if the city should become "dry." Believe it or not, Oregon City was already a dry city and the temperance movement was just getting under way.There was a visiting celebrity, an aviator, lively town council meetings in both Willamette and West Linn and a traveling salesman with a cure all for women suffering from extreme nervousness and fatigue, Vinol. The tour began and ended at Lavender Bleu Gift Shop & Tea Room, but you do need to purchase tickets in advance, since they regularly sell out. You start by boarding a wagon ("Omnibus") pulled by draft horses to enter the historic Willamette Neighborhood that has gone back in time for this special event, but most of the hour long tour is on foot.Lanterns line the streets, modern cars are (mostly) out of sight, and you take a guided walking tour through local homes. While on the tour you come across police in uniforms of the day [1], a disgruntled mail carrier and a variety of other characters. There were nine scenes on porches, in living rooms and on the street with locals taking the part of our town's former citizens of all ages. The audience is told not to interact with the characters or use flash photography, although you have guides who will answer questions in character. Essentially you are just eavesdropping on scenes of the day. From a young girl's bridal shower, to boys talking about joining the army on the eve of WW1, they did a very nice job.It is important to note that all of the participants are local volunteers, including our mayor and city council members, not an acting troupe. The little kids added a lot of fun and some spontaneity.At the end, you finish the tour with refreshments at Lavender Bleu where you might be serenaded by a barbershop quartet. As someone who truly enjoys learning about local history, I really had a lovely time while learning a little more about the early days of my hometown. Who knows, next year I might be one of the ladies in a fine frock and tsking about the devil alcohol.----------------------[1] Under the heading, You Can't Make this Stuff Up! Two West Linn policemen that were part of the tour made a DUI arrest in costume when a driver bypassed all the barriers and entered the reenactment area. oregonlive.com/west-linn
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,3/10/2014,457,244,16,18,18>Life has been busy.  Hectic you might say.This is reflected in the number of reviews I've written lately...which is somewhere between few and none.  It's difficult to make the time when you've not gone anywhere exciting, or tried anything new.  Sure I could write an updates for Fred Meyers, New Seasons, Walgreens, my mechanic and the Liquor Store, but then I'd be admitting in writing that I'm living a life of domestication.Certainly there's an unwritten review of the Acrop that I could write, but debauchery, my pal from back in the days has gone missing from my life.  And without my wingman I'm starting to forget how it is done.Not that I'm complaining.  Work pays well and is constantly challenging me in new directions.  My family is beautiful and slightly deranged...just as I've always wanted.  Yet when you throw in the holidays, the declining health and mental well-being of  my father in law and the challenge of being a great father, husband and all around good dude and I realize that sometimes you just need a break from it all.And that's the rub.  Breaks are few and far between.So when a rare opportunity presented itself to leave the Lil' Dictator with a babysitter for a night out with the Tall Leggy Blonde, I jumped at it.  And by jumped I mean exactly that...jumped up and down with unbridled excitement.  I think I have a future as a contestant on the Price is Right.A movie and a bite to eat was the plan.  I had heard excellent things about the Ringside Fish House's Happy Hour and since it is conveniently located next to the movie theater we decided to give it a try.  As did just about everybody else who planned on seeing a movie that night.Happy hour is only offered in the bar.  The bar was packed and there was already a wait.  Typically this sets up a night of being frustrated, anxious and worried that we won't make it to the movie on time, won't get a good seat close to the aisle (I've got the bladder of an overhydrated pregnant woman) and that I might actually have to be patient and wait.I was impressed that this wasn't the case.  We were seated within 10 minutes and had a table full of food and drinks shortly after.  You can tell they are used to crowds and people on a time budget before heading over to see a flick.  Our waitress was attentive, quick and earned the extra percentage on her tip that is reserved for pretty girls who laugh at my jokes.  Plus, the food was great.  Steak bites, fish tacos, calamari and shrimp all well done; although having to peel your own shrimp was kind of messy...a wet wipe would have been nice.  My first drink was a whiskey sour, then I moved on to Boneyard's Hop Venom because it is Boneyard's Hop Venom and one of the best damn double IPA's you can ever hope to drink.And during our experience I couldn't  help but appreciate how easily the staff dealt with the hectic situation of such a busy night and large crowd.  I guess when you deal with something like this frequently you get good at it.  A good reminder for my own hectic and busy life.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,3/9/2014,70,67,12,16,7>I've been going to a salon to get my hair done for 20+ years, and I had never had a horrible experience...until last week. I had going to the same stylist for the past couple of years, and loved the rockin' haircuts she gave me. I always felt like there was bounce and wind in my hair after leaving the salon. Of course, that could be because I was hopping on one foot while pointing a fan in my face, but still.She took a leave of absence, and recommended that her clients see another stylist at the same salon. Just recently I went to get a trim, and made an appointment with the recommended person. She was really cool, and we had a great time talking while she cut my hair. Sadly, I went into that chair a whole person, and came out looking like Carol Brady. That's not an exaggeration, I quite literally had that hairdo.I've never been fussy about my hair, I've gotten 'meh' cuts and dealt with this. This was different. I got emotional. I cried. I cursed my bad luck. I wrote a letter to Congress about it. I wouldn't have cared so much had I not had a pretty important work function the next week. Unless it was with Alice and Mike, this cut wasn't going to work.I searched the internet for "fix bad haircut Portland" and Ginger Salon came up a few times. I read the Yelp reviews, and made an appointment with Nikki. Let me just say that this woman is a hair goddess.Pros: * She is friendly and cool. Time flew by!* She asked me a lot of questions about my lifestyle, products I use, etc to get an idea of what kind of cut would work for me* She never badmouthed the other stylist, and just worked to fix the problem* She turned a hairDON'T into a hairDO* Reasonable pricing for a great cutCons:* I'll never be as awesome as she isI also want to give props to the salon itself because it's in a great location, and the inside is cute. It used to be a barbershop so it has that comfy, community feel that I love. Parking is easy, and they get you in and out in the time promised. I'm ditching the old place in favor of this one.If you're looking for a new stylist, suffered at the hands of an overzealous one, or just like looking fine as hell, you'll want to check out this salon.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,3/8/2014,140,274,6,12,9>My local go to dive bar.  Don't judge until you get the check.  Yup, cheap drinks and strong pours all day.This place is inhabited by the bearded local hipster crowd.  Giant beards, thick rimmed glasses, combat boots, tattoos, and beanies rule here.  Usually they are rocking out here to true butt rock music.  As per typical Portland you could roll in here in pajamas and fit in perfectly.  The bar is dark and has a photo booth in case you feel like you want to document your intoxication somewhere else besides Facebook selfies.  The bartenders are quick and friendly.  Never have eaten here so can't weigh in on this.  Tired of paying 12.00 for craft cocktails?  Than this is your bar.
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,3/7/2014,130,164,13,29,22>I was the duchess of DoveLewis for awhile, thankfully I'm not anymore.  My dog had a nearly golf ball sized cancerous tumor removed from his back, near the base of his tail, at Laurelhurst Vet. After bringing him home, it became clear (like within an hour) that there was no way I would be able to manage his care. With the help of some valiant Yeeps, we put my normally staid, loving dog who had morphed into a writhing, biting demon hellbeast into the car and went off to DoveLewis. Upon arrival, a tech met us in the parking lot and got Clavey out of the car and onto a gurney. Within ten minutes Clavey was evaluated, sedated and I had an estimated cost of his care which ranged from "time to mortgage the cat" to "I guess it's boxed wine this month." His Laurelhurst vet had already sent all the pertinent info about his surgery as he anticipated I would not be able to manage him (but that's another story and another review update).  I can't stress enough what a youknowwhat show he was on arrival. He needed so many different meds, including thrice daily shots into a catheter that was SEWN into his surgical scar. It was gruesome. I tear up a little writing this, because he was in so much pain, unable to process what was happening and I'm the one that elected to make it happen to him. He ended up staying there for four days, until he was able to walk a little better and his pain was under control with the meds his regular vet prescribed. I was able to visit him at any time of day or night. I would call and give a head's up that I was on the way and they would have him ready. A vet would consult with me every time I visited and give me details about his progress. Many (all?) of their vets are trained in animal ER care.Is DoveLewis cheap? No, it's not. But I don't have kids and this damn Husky of mine has been with me through thick and thin. After the initial payment of about $600, I expected to pay much,much more than that, but the total was less than $1100. Bringing his meds helped to defray the costs, but I was still charged for the administration of those drugs. Everything single charge, from food to exams to additional meds were itemized, which I appreciated. Oh! And this wasn't his first time at DoveLewis. He was rolled by an American bulldog that was off leash on Hawthorne a few years ago. Thankfully, his injuries then were minor. To pass the time while waiting, it's nice to peer into the cat playroom that is glassed off from the waiting room. It houses blood donor cats who hang out for a few years, then are adopted out. How cool is that? Definitely soothing to watch them frolic when you are stressed out.I know there are a lot of pet helicopter parents out there. If you are one of them and decide to take Fluffy in because she has the sniffles and your regular vet is closed, please don't complain if your pet isn't given priority. They are dealing with pets who are either in major crisis or life and death situations.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,3/6/2014,273,418,6,21,13>I almost hesitate to write this review.Why?  This is one those places that has "the best food that no one knows about".  AND, they serve it till late (they close at 1am, not sure when the food stops).Previously, I had a place like this (PaaDee) but now it's gotten incredibly popular (awesome for their business, crappy for me!)  I am really happy for them, but the days of my innocently slipping in and immediately sitting at the bar and getting my food are long gone.So. Getting back to this place, you probably know this spot.  When I first moved to Portland it looked like some sort of trashy Chinese restaurant (the type where people rarely get any food but frequently get hammered), then it was vacant for at least a year.Now it's kind of...well, it's a hard place to describe.  They have a small but tight selection of menu dishes, but they are all absolutely stellar.  I never knew I could eat something simple like a "chicken sandwich" and immediately reconsider every other chicken sandwich I've ever eaten.  The food here is solid, with great portions and fair pricing...something that is often lacking in some of the newer, "high-end", places in the neighborhood (*cough*Levant*cough*).It's bold-faced on the top of the yelp page for a reason, but: YOU MUST TRY THE "GRILLED ROMAINE".  I know, I know, you are a skeptic.  SO WAS I.  I ordered it and I was absolutely blown away, I have never had anything that tastes like this.The ambiance is kind of dark and candle-lit and simple.  It feels like everything on the menu is going to cost twice what it does.The owner is friendly and gregarious, an all-round nice guy that obviously takes pride in his place.If it's after 10pm and I want some GOOD food and I don't want a crazy, loud bar environment...I pretty much always go here.  You should too...but not too often, and don't tell you friends...
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/5/2014,99,70,8,15,12>Is the Hollywood a great theatre in Portland or the greatest Portland theatre? I would argue the latter. In college I had two minors, film studies and drinking, so if I'm not at work, you'll either find me at the local pub or movie theatre. The Hollywood isn't the cheapest theatre, that title goes to the Laurelhurst. It also doesn't always get indie/semi indie/foreign films first, that title goes to the Regal Fox Tower. However, what it lacks in those two categories it more than makes up for. The Hollywood is a quirky hybrid of a first run, a second run, an art house, and a repertory theatre. You really never know what kind of eclectic programming will be playing. It could be the latest blockbuster, or it could be a documentary on a local issue. It might be Turkish Rambo dubbed, scored, and foleyed right on stage as the film plays. Or it could be one of their plentiful Kung Fu or Grindhouse nights with rare prints from someones private collection. The theatre could be playing anything so you need to check the schedule often.Tickets for normal programming are around $8- so on the cheaper end, but some special programs, like their Filmusik series can cost as much as $12, but it is worth the extra cost. Getting a membership also reduces the cost of films and can quickly pay for itself if you're an avid theatre goer. The theatre also went through some major renovations. They restored the beautiful marquee and brought it back to it's former glory, on par with the days when this was a premiere movie palace. The seats in the main auditorium have also been completely redone. Now they are some of the most comfortable movie seats in the city. The main auditorium is so large it doesn't need stadium seating, so there is no neck craning in the first row. The two smaller auditoriums upstairs aren't bad either. They've also remodeled the upstairs lobby like a peculiarium.Atomic Pizza now has a window so you can order pizza at the concession stand. There is also a good variety of well priced beer and fresh popcorn that you can add nutritional yeast to. The line at the concession can get really long at some of their special programming, but they delay the start of the film so no one misses anything.My only real complaint is with the bike parking. They have a couple cool looking, but highly nonfunctional racks out front. When it's busy, I've had to walk two blocks to find a parking sign to lock to. They could really use a row of staples with a covering. Based on the charm, programming, and beer, this is hands down my favorite theatre in town.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/4/2014,143,335,10,16,13>I heart Dub's! You know I reserve my 5 star reviews for special occasions and places. This was one of those places and occasions! Our UYE of dinner at Dub's was an unequivocal success. By the time I arrived - 15 minutes late, my fellow Yelpers were already in full force, chatting away, sitting with my non-Yelp friend, and some with empty plates. We Yelpers don't fool around!I live 3 minutes from here, and have driven by more times than I can count, but when it came time to go here - I drove right by it. Turn left, go to downtown St Johns, turn right, go to Dub's... pretty much the only thing around.The place is kind of divided in two - Dub's food on the right as you enter, table, booths, ordering window; and the Ranger Tavern on the left with pool tables (2?), video poker, and a large bar rounding one corner to another. There may also be two tables or so on that side of the place.A couple people playing pool, the owner talking business at one of the booths, there were leftovers from where a private party had taken place in the bar side, but not too crowded on a Tuesday - with the exception of us. Squishing together 2 tables, we sat by the jukebox witch Melvin kept going throughout the evening.We waited a bit for someone to take our order. My friend was at the point of annoyance when we realized we had to order our food at the window, and our drinks at the bar. This could be a problem if the place is packed, but I didn't mind (as long as I could actually get out from the table). Deals were struck with my 2 friends so w could all share sides. Most folks at the table got chicken and waffles ($12) or chicken with two sides and corn bread ($10). A perfectly lovely price for lots of food - esp with sides. The meatloaf ($10) and brisket ($14) sounded awesome too but will have to wait till my next visit.Everything was wonderful. I did not hear one complaint about food, and I did hear many many nice things from everyone! Fried chicken was loved by all. I also tried the fries (best fries around!), bow ties & cheese (yum), mashed potatoes (good), veg du jour - yellow squash (which I really liked despite myself), collard greens (so much better than Rusell St), and cornbread (big, light, moist and yummy). I had told William (the owner) that I would be there Tuesday evening en masse (in response to his FB post) and apparently he didn't mention this to his cooking staff. They were lovely and friendly and apologized for the wait on the food. Cooked to order and I don't mind a little wait for food this good. This event was super fun - lets' have an UYE here every month! I do adore my fellow yelpers! Jeannie and Mary bought us a round of jello shots ($1.25) which we happily slurped down. Thanks Mary & Jeannie! My well drinks were $3.50!!!! Combine that with fresh and superb food and this place is one of my new favorites!
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,3/3/2014,236,543,6,22,12>I met the owner in another context, a wilderness campout, and he's "we are a float tank center" and I'm "like John Lilly?" Yes. Dr Lilly was a physician, neuroscientist and psychoanalyst famous for studying human consciousness and the psychology of dolphins. He came up with the idea of float tanks.Float On is about to open two new large, open to the room, tanks. They are really float pools, about seven feet square. Like all the others, about a foot deep. They have a beautiful dressing area and shower. Really beautiful. They are recommended for the otherwise claustrophobic. There is a slightly higher price.What I love about this small local Portland business is the community of staff and floaters. Everyone who works there wants to work there. And every floater I've met is excited about the experience. For a small business, as opposed to, say, a corporate hotel spa, they have the same thick towels, terry cloth robes, quality soap, items for your float. They also have complimentary tea from Foxfire as you are waiting for your float, or reentering after.The Float On founders have started an international Floating conference in Portland, floatconference.com. They are all about helping float centers starting all over the world. In fact, after my float, I was suggesting a visitor from Alaska whose family wanted to start a float center connect with Float On's experience. Now onto the float. You arrive in the reception area and check in for your appointment. You can make appointments by phone or online. The center has floats 24x7. Yes, all night. The reception person adapts the orientation to your previous floating experience. You will be floating in salt water. So don't shave beforehand. Shaving with a razor can open the skin to saltwater - painful. They have vaseline to cover any breaks in the skin, like cuts, that could be irritated. Before scheduling your float, scan that body and consult with the staff as you schedule. They can advise. Our skin is there for a reason.Your room will have been cleaned and the filter run. The filters are an industrial upgrade to the filters and heaters used in hot tubs. The staff member will point out the provided items, like wax earplugs, q-tips and ear clearing solution, a vinegar hair rinse and soap. You can also bring your own earplugs and hair products. I did not have any problem with water in my ears.The salt in the water creates a slippery texture. It also crystallizes out on the skin. But the amazing thing is the buoyancy. And it's an opportunity to examine your body for things that need attention outside the usual pressures of gravity. I'm not sure if I will ever go into space. But I'm fascinated by weightlessness. To see space videos of crew so happy to be there and with their hair floating is special. youtube.com/watch?v=CZii One of the great poems of the world is an inspiration. It begins "Oh! I have slipped the surly bonds of Earth". You may find that here.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2008,9/21/2008,222,561,13,14,15>So I hear there's this place where you go up to a window and they give you a delicious waffle.No, it's not a restaurant. It's not a cart. It's just a window.A window to paradise? A window to the outdoors? A window (not a wardrobe) to Narnia? A window that God opened when he closed a door?I don't know. I hear it's a window to the Bread & Ink Cafe kitchen, but I'm pretty sure that Jesus is the chef (yes, the waffles are walk-on-water amazing).I dare you to order only one.Try the basil, brie, and bacon waffle. Or the 3Bs, as I will now call it. Or pure deliciousness on a paper plate. I'm not much of a savory person, but the richness of the bacon and brie meld perfectly with the sweet crispness of the waffle and the apricot compote on the side. And the basil gives the perfect amount of seasoning. I'm inspired!If sweet is your thing, the seasonal berry waffles are also great. Today it was some sort of Huckleberry divinity...a berry compote with sweet cheese atop the sugary waffle. Or the sundae waffle with ice cream and chocolate syrup. HOLY MOLY. I told you Jesus worked here.If you asked me before today if I'd rather go to heaven or waffle heaven, I'd have laughed and said I want to spend eternity with those who went before.But now I'm not so sure....
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2008,9/20/2008,758,866,7,10,9>Decided to wander around and find somewhere new for lunch when I found this place. They specialize in authentic sandwiches from around the world. Here is the list of them: Milanesa, Mediterranean Burger, Gyro, Shawarma, Falafel, Halloumi, Croque Monsieur, Kafta Kabob, and Manakeesh. I decided to go with the lamb gyro recommended to me by the young attendant and added on feta cheese for an extra 95 cents. The sandwich was good, but very messy, quite possibly the messiest I have had in my life. It took four napkins to control this gyro. What caused the mess? There was a ton of tzatziki sauce combined with feta to create a flavor overload. Next time I will probably hold off on the feta and tell them to go light with the sauce so I can taste the other components inside. Everyone there was very nice and I was even given a sample of their famous baked-fried potatoes.3.5 Stars.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2008,9/19/2008,260,232,11,10,9>I've found my holy grail of drinking establishments. I live for Annette Funicello, neon signs, umbrella drinks, and gaudiness in general. Stumbling upon this place was like the second coming of all that is good and campy.Drunks are in the front, party booths with karaoke (every night!) are in the back. The booths are huge, and on a Tuesday night, it had just the right amount of participants. Kudos to the man singing Bryan Adams with true heartfelt emotion--no sarcasm there, my friends.The ladies' bathroom is definitely amazing, and definitely ripped from a tackyass '70s trailer. The list of fun fruity drinks will please anyone who answers to the name "Moon Doggie." They range from $6-$7, and I got a Mai Tai that was delicious enough for breakfast.Our server was real nice, but I can't help but think they deserve better uniforms. I mean, a black polo with embroidery? This is a freakin deakin' tiki bar! I'd suggest coconut bras, but that's sexist, right?I'm already planning my next outing here. This time I'll be prepared with a fake bake tan, white lipstick, and Frankie Avalon on my arm.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2008,9/18/2008,80,286,27,22,19>I believe that when cows die for my pleasure, their meaty spirits and tender loins arrive at Brazil Grill. Their select goodnesses are then grilled in the Churrasco tradition and then delivered tableside still on their spits by gaucho's, slicing it for me to pick up with my tongs then put into my belly. It's meat heaven. Rock salt grilled tri-tip, sweet lord. Bacon wrapped filet mignon, por que no?Top sirloin, dios mio.Cognac marinated chicken legs, yes.Cinnamon roasted pineapple, put a fork in me and call me done.Basically, you pay a chunk ($32/person) for unlimited Brazilian salad bar, then you pick and choose your meaty yumyums as the gaucho's stop by your table, ferrying their wares. It's like a constant stream of food coming to your table for you to say Yay of Nay to. Unlimited amounts.The service was a bit slow when it came to the bill and initial drinks. But when we turned our table disk to green (they give you disk to turn to red or green when you're ready for the onslaught) the gauchos come arunnin.The dessert, passion fruit mousse = holy shit, words can't describe. (Transcending from meat heaven to fruitty heaven, to eventual sleep heaven).
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2007,9/17/2008,21,150,8,11,6>Edit (again): Oh, how my view on this store has changed since the first time I went in there last year. See, here's the thing - Rerun can look like a junky thrift store or a veritable palace of treasures, depending on which hour  of the day you get there. Now, I'm not saying there's a particular hour that's better to get there than others, I'm just saying that you need to get there pretty soon after the good stuff gets there, otherwise it will be GONE in a matter of hours. These days, I try to stop here at least twice a week. Cool, funky old stuff pretty much oozes from the pores of this place. The funny/interesting thing is that everything in the store is consignment, presumably from "people in the neighborhood". Nonetheless, I would say that more interesting junk turns up here with more regularity than pretty much any other similar-themed place in Portland.
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2008,9/16/2008,71,113,10,18,14>Stopped in here for "Social Hour" last night with my date for pre-movie cocktails and food.  Holy moly, what a great selection!  The bar menu is half off during the HH, which my companion had a hard time accepting--"Are you SURE this means half off these prices? I mean are you sure the prices listed aren't half off what they normally are?"We got: goat cheese raviolis, wild boar raviolis, grilled mini cheese and apple sandwiches, a beer for him and a spicy cocktail for me, for just under $18. As T-Rex would say: DAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMN.Everything was super delicious, and our server/bartender was great.  The whole place had an excellent vibe.  I will certainly be taking advantage of their outdoor seating throughout the warm months!
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2008,9/15/2008,66,161,8,12,10>I am so excited to come back to this place! I came here with a fine group of ladies and we all tried something different. I had my first ever jambalaya (medium spice) and oh my goodness it was so good! The portion was just right for dinner and decently priced.  Since everyone ordered something different I was able to try meatloaf, fried chicken, herb chicken (yes, it really is 1/2 of a chicken for this dish), and country fried steak. We all got artery clogging side dishes of mac n' cheese which is one of the best mac n' cheeses I've had from a restaurant and their special of the day which was a green bean casserole with bacon and cheese.  I'm pretty sure I'm about to drool just thinking about these sides.I like the fact that there are so many side dishes to choose from that are your typical southern choices.  They have the option of picking three of them as your entire meal or you can get a certain entree with either one side or two sides.There is also a nice variety of cocktails. I had a "Blood, Sweat, and Tears" which was vodka, lemonade and raspberry syrup. It is very refreshing for a hot day! Other drinks at our table consisted of a lavender iced tea with a booze I can't remember. I'm definitely ready to try their other drinks next time I go back. This is a very hippy-ish atmosphere.  I really enjoyed it! The only thing I didn't like about it was the painting of a man's head in the bathroom. It seems to just stare at you while you're in there...
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2008,9/14/2008,46,111,5,13,12>Our old friend Palmer the cat had just died of liver failure a few weeks earlier.  So, we took a look at the Oregon Humane Society website, to see if we could find another cat to join our home.  We already have 2 other cats, Ziggy and COAL. Go online to oregonhumane.org  and you can see all kinds of cats, dogs, rabbits and beyond!  All ages, all sizes and breeds.  We settled on 3 or 4 cats that looked interesting and went down to the shelter.  It's the most beautiful animal shelter I've ever seen.  The cats were in small cheerful rooms and some were in cages sleeping. There were several very nice shelter volunteers there to help us.  You can tell that these volunteers are into it. Finally, after looking at several cats, we decided we'd like to meet "Soon Hee."  She was a beautiful 4 year old cat who had been at the shelter for about 4 months.  Her previous owners had given her up to the shelter because, "they had too many pets already."Soon the very nice people at the shelter had Soon Hee in their arms and we took her to one of the little rooms to meet her.  She was beautiful and shy. It didn't take long before we were hooked. We asked if we could adopt Soon Hee.  We completed our application, paid an $85 fee.  Some cats have a much lower fee.  We had a brief meeting with the shelter people and they told us about Soon Hee's history, her medical history including which shots she has had.  They gave us a certificate good for her first vet check-up.That was it!Take a look at our photos, you'll see Soon Hee is an excellent pet.  You should consider adopting a pet from the Oregon Humane Shelter.  They have hundreds of beautiful cats, dogs and rabbbits of all kinds.  Owning a pet is a big resposibility, but , the love of an animal adds so much to your life.
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2008,9/13/2008,57,343,4,5,5>As a Canadian I've been raving that we can eat just as bad and hardcore as the Americans, but I've never been able to prove that until I found this cute food cart.  The owner's name is Mike and he's from North Dakota, which he told me he used to visit Winnipeg up in Manitoba all the time.  That kinda gave him the idea of serving... are you ready for this?  POUTINE!  C'est cuisine de Quebec.  Quel est poutine?  French fries with cheese curd and gravy on top.  Yeah!  Pretty damned hardcore and tasty too.  As a vegetarian, what haven this cart is.  Mike also serves vegetarian gravy!!  And vegan cheese for those vegans that just want to eat something fried and hardcore.  Of course, he's also got like 20 different sauces to choose from for the belgium fries cone.  Oh yeah, did I mention the hours are like 6pm-3am!!!  From Wednesday to Saturday?  I know I will be there after a night at holocene or rotture.PS: Bring your cash.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2008,9/12/2008,2,21,9,11,9>So I rarely share with strangers that I lived in Los Angeles before coming to Portland, because they give me the reaction that you're probably having at this very moment.  But it's relevant here, as I know my Mexican food.  I have been supremely disappointed in the Mexican food Portland has to offer, and I get disheartened even trying new places.  I miss Mexican food.Enter King Burrito.If it weren't for a friend's recommendation, I would never have even gone into this place.  The store front and decor are completely forgettable, and it doesn't exactly jump out at you as you're driving down Lombard.But wait, the food is amazing.  The folks that work there are super friendly and helpful; you can ask for the greasy and messy goodness that you're craving that day, or you can request a more lap-friendly option.  It's worth mentioning that even on my most hot-sauce-and-sour-cream-filled burrito days, the tortillas will stand up for themselves and you won't get those obnoxious rips and holes that make your meal suck.  I suggest making the most of the available options; the food actually tastes like the ingredients, and the flavors are great.  Great vegetarian menu for me, unrivaled carnitas for the hubby.  We like to stop here and pick up to-go food on the way to a friend's house in St Johns (I swear, he has a Pavlovian reaction every time we say we're coming over), and I get antsy to dive into my warm paper bag of goodness.  Fantastic food, and it's CHEAP.  My wallet likes it, my belly likes it, and until I can visit back home and hit up Lalo's, it's perfect.  Heart.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2008,3/19/2009,25,33,14,15,14>One of the Laws of Thermodynamics states that you can't rock out while you're sitting down.  Because of this, I was fairly certain that I would hate the Aladdin.I'm a big enough person to admit when I'm wrong.The Aladdin is pretty darn awesome.  It's like, when you're dancing around in your living room to Motorhead and then whew, you're getting tired, needing a break from all that rockin' out, and you just flop down on your couch...breathe, have a few sips of beer, and then back to rocking...that's what you can do at the Aladdin.  Sweetness.  I just wish they would book better shows here.  The bands that play are somewhat random.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2009,3/18/2009,184,343,7,10,10>Lemme say- Doug Fir has one of my favorite happy hours in town. $3 for any food on the bar menu; $3 drinks. The cheese fries- better have someone to share them with since they're piled high. The cheeseburger is pretty tasty, too. Their regular dinner menu isn't the best, but I don't like to go there for anything other than happy hour or shows.Regarding shows, I like the venue. Hipster log cabins from the future are frackin' sweet, and the venue is big enough that I don't feel completely closed-in but small enough to feel at home.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2009,3/17/2009,141,355,19,18,17>The timeline of the model base. (or Jenny C coming to grips with her fear of even the most basic woodworking task)Saturday February 7 2009[11.30 AM]  3 foot x 4 foot site model for thesis is almost to the point of completion.  Cannot put off building the nice looking base for it to sit in any longer.  The magical model gnomes are obviously not coming.     [11.45 AM] Make shopping list:  Brackets, 14 feet of Pine 1x6, MDF sheet, Wood glue, saw blade, finish nails. Wonder where to get all of this in one stop, relatively cheap, and without anyone knowing I have no idea what I'm doing.[11.46 AM]Home Depot! [11.55 AM]Hop in car, zip down I-205 to Airport Way. Is the unusual sunny day an indication things are about to go well? [12.15 PM] Parking spot up close, grab a cart, and head into the store.  Instantly greeted by a lady who looks up from showing a little kid how to use a lawn seed spreader. How friendly![12.20 PM]Look around... never usually come here, so the huge signs and aisle descriptions that hang overhead are a big help.  No guessing where the Pine and Plywood Shims and Dimensional Stock might be (of course the smell of fresh lumber is a good clue as well...) [12.25 PM]Found the Pine but it looks like a bad idea. Lots of knots, grain, and most of the pieces are irregular or warped.  This box must be perfect... but what to use now?  [12.30 PM]There's a nice selection of finished wood for trims, bases, and finish work.  Decide on Hemlock, with an array of dimensional sizes and lengths.  1x5 looks good... sure. We'll go with that.  [12.32 PM] Notice the huge saw at the end of the aisle.  Do they cut it for you?! Yes! Punch the agent button, wonder if they can do miters...[12.35 PM]An older employee heads over, says they can't do miters (shoot) but can definitely cut the lengths down to the close size.  He's a pro... clean edges, almost a shame that I'll be cutting them up on my own later.[12.40 PM]Find the glue and brackets and everything else on the list.  The aisles here are jam packed with boxes and displays.  There's no shortage of the basic home supplies you could need. A couple of employees ask if help is needed, nope, but thanks. Head to one of the many checkout spots open, $40 for materials? That's not bad. [12.45 PM] Head back home, everything fits neatly in the back of the car, worries of having to hit the freeway with huge materials sticking out the back window quelled.  That was fast!  The rest should only take a couple hours... 4. Tops. [1.00 PM]Find the tools, replace the saw blade and start figuring out how to miter some nice looking 45 degree corners...  There are only 8 of them, what could possibly go wrong?[1.05 - 7.15PM]Everything.  (Including crooked angles, oozing glue, tears, anger, frustration, none of the four corners lining up, sanding to fix the problem, realizing that sanding is doing more damage than good, sides collapse, and wounded finger hit countless times)[7.15 PM]Swear.[7.30 PM]Back in car, back to Home Depot, back to the lumber department.  More Hemlock, hit the button, different guy, chit-chat, give up on the dream of mitered corners, lumber cut to the exact lengths of the model sides to result in 90 degree corners.  Super clean cut edges again.  Check out, $15 more bucks gone.[8.00 - 11.00 PM]Sand, glue, nail, insert brackets, add cross bracing, cut MDF to fit inside. Sand, sand, sand.  Splinter! Ow! Sand, sand, sand.[11.05 PM]Success!  (And only 7 hours behind schedule.)Flash forward to Monday at school: [6.30 PM] "Hey, that's a nice base!"[6.31 PM] Woohoo! Home Depot turns out to be the best part of this saga. I'll likely return next time I have to build something else.  But let's hope that's not for a long, long time.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,3/16/2009,457,356,11,12,11>I love The Barbers!  There.  I said it.What a great concept, a guy oriented barber shop, kind of like a Man Cave with barber chairs.  Three or four big screens all showing sports, decorated with team logos and sometimes NASCAR stuff.If they are busy and you have to wait, they offer you a soda!  What is this?  Customer service?  Who ever heard of such a thing!So, now you're in the barber chair, the cutter talks to you about the cut and then either talks with you or lets you watch the game, whichever you want.  After the cut you get a mini-massage of the neck and shoulders to make sure you're nice and relaxed when you leave.Last night I took the Tax Deduction there for his first real haircut and they were awesome with him!  He even got a lollipop afterward for being a good boy.  I never get one when I go there :-(I highly suggest going to The Barbers, unless you're a girl.
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,3/15/2009,532,371,25,25,25>Everybody has super powers.I'm convinced. Really.In fact I think people generally have three, four, or even five.For example I know people who have the  super power to ___________:"Pass Gas While Sleeping""Find Anything Their Spouse Loses Around The House""Write Incredible Reviews While Intoxicated""Walk Into Things That Aren't Even In The Way""Make Even The Most Benign Comment Snarky""Be Totally Oblivious Of Everyone Around Them While Blocking An Aisle At The SuperMarket""Create And Live Within Entire Alternate Realities Super Imposed Upon The Existing World""Just Be Themselves"Cork has the super power of "Being A Wine Shop Where Just About Anyone Could Find Something They'd Like"For those with the power to "Turn Their Nose Up At Affordable Wines But Not Have The Coin For A Chateau Lafite Rothschild" special ordering a relatively "cheap" hundred something dollar La Spinetta Barbaresco Starderi might be your glass of vino.People with the super power to "Only Buy Wines Under $20" or "Drink Only Oregon Pinots" will love the main center portion of the store.Those who can "Live On Beer Alone" might be satiated by the whole corner to the right of the entrance.Additionally those who "Get Excited About Even Informative Emails From Businesses" or "Love Wine Tastings More Than Life Itself" can also find fulfillment here.And finally there's a significant sweet section for those with the power to "Shop At Stores They Assume Won't Have Anything They Like Just So They Can Complain About It Later". They may never admit to it, but never has a group of people been more in need of a seratonin boost.I like visiting after using my power to make "La Bonita Carne Asada Burritos Vanish Instantly". In general I found the service, selection, atmosphere, and prices to be less than astonishing, but better than average. And hey since it's close, I'll indeed have to stop in for a tasting some time. For "Warm Friendly Unpretentious Wine Values" visit Vino in Sellwood. For "Ridiculous Selection At Great Prices" Liner & Elsen in the NW. But if your in the NE Cork's "Being A Wine Shop Where Just About Anyone Could Find Something They'd Like" definitely makes it an option worth considering.btw What's your super power?pictures taken with my power to "Photograph Shops Without Anyone Noticing" yelp.com/biz_photos/5nf_
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,3/14/2009,9,2,8,8,10>Ok before you throw me under a bus for being a fan of the Triple Nickel, give me a chance to explain before slamming the judgment stick on my head. This little pub tucked into the side of the building on SW 37th and Belmont is actually an endearing place to spend a Friday night. In the land of hipster dive bars, that aren't really dive bars at all, more like dumbed down Applebees with too-cool-for-school bartenders, The Triple Nickel is legit. They have all the things a girls wants out of a dive bar. Cheap beer, cheap food, that may or may not cause my stomach to reject me violently later in the evening, and a fully loaded jukebox. You can while away the hours with your $2.50 PBR, watch slightly overweight men play pool while their cracks hang out, all while having an eargasm with the likes of Neutral Milk Motel and Michael Jackson. And have I mentioned yet the GIANT game of jenga available for play? Yes, that's right. Jenga. In 3D. Life size. And of course the usual bar games...darts...pool. The only thing missing was a shuffle board table. Add it Triple Nickel, and I will live with you and have your illegitimate babies.
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2009,3/13/2009,62,44,20,18,22>I brought my six-year-old here one day when he was mad at me. I'll spare you the details, but let's just say mommy knows nothing about Nintendo DS and is clearly going to suffer in H-E-double-hockey-sticks for it. Anyway, we stopped by Bakery Bar to have a makeup snack. The kid sidles up to the counter and tells the tattooed barista he'd like, "a vanilla latte and a chocolate cupcake...wait, no...an eclair!" He gives me an evil sidelong glare. The barista looks up at me and I mouth the words, "decaf please" before ordering myself a bourbon caramel latte and, oh heck, why not, chocolate cupcake. While the guy is making our coffee, the kid starts to chat him up about his tattoos. "What's the skull for?" "I dunno. I like it though.""Me too."He brings our coffee and treats to the table and the kid suddenly gasps. I look at the steaming latte in front of him to see that the clever barista has made a skull and cross bones in the foam of his (secretly) decaf latte. He is the BEST. BARISTA. EVER! Well, according to the six-year-old. The coffee was great (bourbon caramel with a homemade marshmallow?!? Yum.) and the desserts were exactly the way I like them. Rich, but not too rich. Sweet, but not too sweet. The cupcake was perfect and didn't do that buttercream-thing...you know that weird film you get in your mouth that tastes like sugar and Crisco?  Ugh. I haven't had the sandwiches there, but I'd like to go back and try them. Plus, I want to see if they can put a pony in my latte.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,3/12/2009,276,315,29,15,15>What's worse than a snot-nosed, ADHD, four-year-old boy who spent nearly a half-hour making loud, annoying fake-vomiting sounds coupled with incessant post-cold coughing while all his helpless father would do is apathetically state, "Cover your nose when you cough", which, of course, was a practically useless suggestion because the effin kid would cough, pinch his nose for two seconds, release it, cough again, make fake vomit sounds, and continued to be an overall reason why planned parenthood is such a good idea?  Try being only two tables away from that disaster.  I swear, if I had Ritalin and a syringe right then and there, I would've stuck it on the kid while his father watched, and made things right not just for myself but for the other customers at Ohana on this cloudy Sunday afternoon.  And I would try my hardest not to cackle at the experience.Seriously.  I am not a violent person.  Plus, I love kids.  But that kid made me contemplate incarceration.  He really did.I almost left the place after having endured my first five minutes, thinking nothing could be worth the auditory and (because one can never help oneself from looking at a train wreck) visual mess two tables away.  Thank goodness I decided to silently ponder the brighter side of infertility*, and stick around.  Otherwise, I wouldn't have benefited from the amazing food to come.I opted for their Waimea Plate.  The kalua pork was soft and looked as though freshly pulled from the bone, and the sauce on the teriyaki chicken teetered gracefully between savory and sweet.  Another highlight is the macaroni salad, which, unlike at other Hawaiian places, was not as sweet, bearing a subtle peppery taste.  The approach of the service was 'island casual' (diners help themselves to their own sodas and water) but my food came within minutes of the order.  (Clearly, they pre-cook the pork and always have freshly grilled chicken breasts ready to plop onto the plate.)  No complaints there.  Whatever I can do to hasten a departure from the chiisai bakemono** who'd only been rendered temporarily quiet by flavored shaved ice (which, of course, contains more ADHD-inducing sugar) would be very welcomed indeed.I will gladly return to Ohana when a hankering for Hawaiian delights returns.  And if the tiny tormentor happens to be there again, I'll make sure to take my food 'to go'.* Just to be clear, I am not infertile.** "Chiisai bakemono" is Japanese for "little demon"
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,3/10/2009,73,142,6,8,9>This place is really cool!  If you are looking for some specific item to complete a remodel project or some other craft project this is the place.  I went in on Sunday afternoon, the guy that I needed to talk to was watching some football, but took the time to show me where to look for some faucet knobs and then broke away from the game to cut me a deal on the ones I'd picked out.I really need to go back to explore more!
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,3/9/2009,252,87,12,16,15>Swanky + cheap eats + yummy cocktails + rotating art collections + great service + small neighborhood feel = AWESOME!*Disclaimer*Even thought I know the owners, I have been here about 25 times since it opened in December, so I feel I have enough basis for this review!The chef/owner's idea behind this restaurant/lounge is to offer excellent food for a reasonable price.  I'm talking yumtastic meals with the most expensive item on the menu (a steak with sides) being $12!  I'm pretty boring, I always get the same thing.  Smoked whitefish spread with pickled veggies, a side of the sauteed mushrooms and a side of brussel sprouts.  Won M. is right, I think they sprinkle crack on them brussels!  Last time I visited I got the homemade veggie (vegan) burger with fries, so good!Now the drinks...mmmm.  The bartender/owners have so many infusions and tasty concoctions I have been hard-pressed to try them all in the many times I have been there.  Pear-rosemary martini, sparkling shiraz with St Germaine, spiced Manhattan on the rocks (with the fancy cherry, not the gross plastic ones).  I could go on, be we'd be here for hours.  My favorite thing to do is gather a group of girlfriends and meet here to play some Yahtzee.  They have plenty of other games to choose from as well.  If it is just 2 of us we sit at the corner of the bar (which is made from an old bowling lane) and we have a giant space to play with our very own bartender.  Doesn't get much better.  This place is also great for parties!  We just hosted our un-holiday event here for 30 people and they did a wonderful job accommodating all of us (of course we called ahead for a reservation).  We all were able to sit together and the food and drinks were always flowing.  So, come on over to the Montavilla neighborhood.  It is no longer just for used car salesman and ladies of the night...You'll be surprised how much it has grown.  And if I am there playing Yahtzee, feel free to join in, we love to share our favorite game with others!  :)PS - Rad happy hour every day from 3 - 6pm with food & drink specials.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,5/1/2013,171,91,3,15,11>Oh My WOW!!!!  Now I know why this place no matter what night we pass by is always packed.  I don't know where to start or how to explain my experience at Le Pigeon.So my husband has been wanting to go here for the longest time, but since its pricey he had to wait for a special occasion to splurge.  We had the 7 course tasting menu for $85 and brought our own wine with a corkage fee of $20.The food was extraordinary. My two favorite dishes were  the Trout roe, tapioca, coconut milk  slice of grapefruit with uni and the  Beef tartar with  quail egg and fried oyster, it was like butter.  The flavors of all the ingredients of this dishes came together creating an amazing food experience for me.   I was in heaven with every little savoring bite.  All seven dishes were very creative, balanced, tasty and just superb.  I have never enjoyed dinner like this before. I found myself savoring each and every bite of all 7 courses.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,4/30/2013,147,166,8,15,8>I don't ever find myself in Beaverton, and that's decidedly on purpose. I don't do well in Suburbia; all the malls and chains look the same to me.But in recent years, Beaverton has yielded some pretty sweet Asian eateries by word of mouth from the Portland foodies. It's not uncommon to hear material such as: "oh, our favorite sushi place is definitely in Hillsboro". Or "the only place we eat Thai is at this place in Beaverton, off of Cedar Hills." When they say that, they're talking about Thai Bloom. I was pleasantly surprised by this place! It's not in a strip mall, and it's what I'd loosely call "upscale Thai dining". It's obvious the owners have put a lot of thought and care into curating the restaurant's every detail. Nice linen napkins, low lighting, and a very inviting dining room that'd be perfect for either a date OR a nice family dinner. There's not very many places that can claim both of those atmospheres!Everything we had was delicious; I can't even pick out the "highlights". Pork and ginger potstickers? Heavy on the ginger and downright delicious. Chicken lettuce cups? NOT dripping with excessive fish sauce (like!), and super crunchy and tasty.  A pumpkin curry as a winter seasonal offering? You bet your ass I ordered that. Ill be back to sample their other traditional Thai dishes. I just can't turn down a pumpkin curry. It's one of those things where if it's on the menu, anywhere, ill order it regardless. Thai Bloom, why are you all the way in Beaverton? Sigh. Ill just have to make the trek. This could be my new fave Thai food crush.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/29/2013,145,218,9,18,18>Hell yes.I am a huge fan of Tasty and Sons, I've been going (with less frequency) since they opened.  I just can't wait in line for a few hours to eat...not on the weekend.  There are so many places that serve great food that you can go to with no wait if you can time it just right.   But dinner and happy hour do bring me back in.  But I think I like Tasty and Alder even more. I didn't have to sit at a communal table with a car seat on top with a baby screaming like I have at the other location.  The staff was very friendly, offering suggestions and explaining what is what.   Like you are supposed to know what Duck Duck Steak is...  (It's something with a duck egg and fois gras and a steak).  I also didn't have to wait.Sitting at the chef's bar is my suggestion if you have a choice, it's really fun to watch the pros at work, communicating to each other on a different level.  I have a few ideas as to what I am going to order next time, and nothing didn't look great.I had the roasted apple to start with.  It's made cheese and some awesome bacon of which they of course used a fancy name for, and some syrup.  For a person that doesn't like sweet fruit deserts, I have to say this was pretty awesome!  The flavors and textures conflicted and complimented perfectly; salty, sour, sweet, cheesy, crunch gooey.  The Pork schnitzel with ham and an over easy egg, and mustard braised cabbage was kick ass!  I highly recommend sharing it though, it is quite a bit of food.  I must admit that I got a free piece of the coffee cake, and I would definitely order it on my own next time, it went perfect with the Water Avenue coffee, which was easily one of the best drip coffees I have had in my life.Upon leaving, I noticed the owner was waiting in line along with everyone else...kudos for waiting, and kudos for eating at your own spot, I bet your brunch was awesome too!
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,4/28/2013,104,65,8,9,8>Roscoe's....I love you. You have good seating. You have cool, local art. You have a cigarette machine. You look like an unsophisticated dive, but your food is surprisingly good and your Happy Hour includes things like blackened catfish sliders and oyster shooters and cole slaw that doesn't make me want to swear off eating. You have a friendly staff, good service (both at the bar and at the tables), outdoor seating, a separate smoking porch that's covered, cold beer on draft aplenty. You're dog friendly, your bathrooms are relatively clean....did I mention a cigarette machine????You have pool tables, but they're so far away that people that loathe pool halls (like myself) don't even notice they're there. You're inexpensive. You have a jukebox. You have TVs for sports and political debates. You're good, and I'll continue to give you my dollars after I make my weekly sojourn to Personal Beast to pick up dog food. Other people should go here too. Like you......oh, and you. (you.)
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,4/27/2013,143,429,3,6,4>I've had Brasserie Monmartre on my to-try list since it reopened, so I was more than excited to pop in for a late brunch/early lunch one day before a little shopping downtown with my friend Jaime L.We must have timed our arrival perfectly as were able to get seated immediately, right next to the front window, where we could enjoy the scenery of one of the last sunny days of the year.  Our waitress arrived to take our drink orders and offer us croissants (original or chocolate).  The coffee was perfectly brewed and the croissants were a nice little touch to tide our hunger over until our food arrived.I went with the Brasserie Burger complete with grilled onions, tomato bacon jam, gruyère cheese and pickles on a brioche bun, with a side of pommes frites.  The tomato bacon jam was some sort of wonderful, making the very idea of ketchup completely irrelevant, and the burger was the juiciest I've had in a long time.  I couldn't even finish half of my meal before resigning with a very content late morning sigh.Jaime went with the Sweet Potato Waffles with Fried Chicken which looked dangerously amazing.  Normally I would have stolen a bite, but I was so absorbed in my own meal that I didn't even bother.  Jaime is the type of person who drinks her calories rather than eats them.  Normally, she gets about two bites into whatever she's eating and pushes it away, citing that she's full, and then drinks 14 more lattes.  This time, however, she owned her breakfast like a champ, citing that it was some of the best fried chicken in Portland.The staff was wonderful, letting us leisurely enjoy our breakfast while we chatted, and appearing only to top our coffee off.  The restaurant itself was fantastic also.  I didn't have the opportunity to see Brasserie before they renovated, but the detail that they put into the interior of the building was wonderful; very French with gold gilded mirrors, chandeliers, exposed brick, and a color scheme that was predominantly black and white.I anticipate many future visits to Brasserie.  I hear they have a wonderful happy hour and the proximity to Fox tower also ranks this place high in my books for a place to grab a bite and a drink while waiting for a movie.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/26/2013,30,111,4,6,4>Shut. Up. And. Get. In. My. Mouth.I've had wings before. I love wings. I've had good wings before. But holy crap, after FOTM, I can't imagine paying for wings at any place else. Their hot is actually hot. If you're a weakling, don't even try it. You'll probably put yourself in the hospital.The wings themselves are cooked perfectly every time. The sauce sticks to the meat like it should. The flavors are balanced and interesting and FINALLY what I look for when I have good wings.If you like Buffalo Wild Wings (for any reason whatsoever), and want to continue doing so, don't even bother showing up here. BWW is a joke compared to the quality and depth of flavor you can get from FOTM.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,4/25/2013,148,708,27,18,15>When I moved in with hubby (then boyfriend) , his empty refrigerator most concerned , nay  ALARMED me for the utter lack of condiments. I immediately went to Zupan's and bought four kinds of mustard. ( sweet hot, dijon, spicy brown, and seedy beer mustard). I'm a good German girl see. Well, 1/4 German. My mom is from Cincinnati. She taught me all about mustard. WHAT THE HELL DO WE NEED THESE FOR? he asked. POINTLESS, he said. Minimalist. So this week, when confronted with the endless array of sausage and lunchmeats, spreads, breads, and goodies at this little sausage deli, I reminded him WHY we need all those damn mustards in our fridge. We made our selections from dozens of choices in the case ( the whole no beef mad cow OCD boy hubby thingy ruled out a lot of them, but not so many we couldn't have any, and they have a chicken option too BTW), and came home with Polish sausages ( pork) and bratwurst ( also pork). We ate them for dinner last night with sweet and sour red cabbage ( I made it, I know, I'm a  modest goddess) and some smashed  garlic potatoes. They were DELICIOUS. Hubby slathered some beer mustard on his, Princess had some ketchup... what can I say, she's not a mustard kid yet... and BIL reached for the sweet hot. SEEE? I said to hubby. Harrrumph. He speared a bite of bratwurst and stuffed it in my mouth. Hush it, he said.He hates it when I'm right about this stuff. Go get yourself some lovely sausage ( they are really very good) and some good mustard. You will be a happy camper.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,4/24/2013,105,60,9,8,4>Best Baguette is the best drive through between my apartment and work. It's almost torture that I have to drive past it every day. Reason screams out to me, "You won't find a better value today! That drive through makes it so easy to get Banh Mi in your belly fast!" Thankfully I don't stop in every day, usually because I like a little variety in my life. But that may be the only reason stopping me.The banh mi at Besties Baggies (as I affectionately call it) is good. The bread is fresh, the ingredients tasty, and altogether filling. I haven't been let down. Have I been amazed? No, but I guess I don't expect to be when I'm spending 3 dollars or less on a pretty large sandwich on fresh baked bread.I've gotten really good at this thing called "The Best Baguette Shuffle". To complete this complicated dance move, you drive through, order two sandwiches (they also have french and breakfast sandwiches), eat one on the way to work, and then when you get out of the car, dance around to get all of the crumbs off that have covered every inch of your clothing.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,4/23/2013,70,99,17,15,15>Rounding out my ESPN inspired 30/30 Yelp! reviews I bring you the ultimate turkey burger; Dick's Kitchen! I have previously mentioned my search for the best turkey burger in Portland and shortly thereafter I solemnly believe I have found it. Dick's Kitchen is the equivalent of your favorite stove-top homemade turkey burger gone gourmet. The regular Turkey Burger is good enough to eat as is, but after a few visits I decided to test the threshold, "Is it possible to get the Turkey Burger 'Zizou' style?" When she answered, "Yes, absolutely!" I promise you the clouds parted, sun came out and a ray of sunshine hit me in the back of the restaurants as I heard harps being strum overhead. I hadn't taken a bite yet; I was just about to place my order so I know wasn't dead but I certainly must have happened upon nirvana!The next thing that caught my attention was the myriad of "house-made" sauces they offered. At $0.50 apiece I thought nothing of ordering the flight which gets me a fifth for free! I was becoming more and more engaged by the condiment. Ketchups and mustards and barbecue and vegan; oh my! Let's get it!Thereafter, came the "NOT-FRIES"! Initially, I was a skeptic. Not fries!? They must be tots then! or home-fries I thought to myself but quelled my inner voice and threw caution to the wind and just went in. "We'll see about these fries that aren't fries!" I scoffed. But when they arrived coupled with flight of sauces I was shoveling them in with the speed and ferocity of a chain gang! I was half way through the dish by the time I noticed I hadn't touched my burger! I guess, one might even think I liked them!? However, if the best Turkey Burger in town, multiple options of sauces and fries that aren't fries but are fries aren't enough there is a healthy dose of New York Yankees memorabilia in and around the restaurant that makes you just want to sit a table and imagine yourself as part of the most winningest and storied franchise in sports history. The large portrait of the original Yankee Stadium in the main dining area is enough to relish; the Turkey Burger, Sauces and Not-Fries are the bonus. I can't imagine what's actually going to happen once I get a hold of shake....
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,4/20/2013,202,297,4,11,8>I live 1.5 miles from Syun (pronounced Shun). I guess that is why it has taken me so long to review the best izakaya in Portland. I have been taking it for granted. The menu is a sprawling wonderland of Japanese "tapas", sushi, and sake. One of my favorites is their chawanmushi. It is a steamed egg custard with such a deep, earthy flavor. Their Chawanmushi is the epitome of umami. There are so many choices of authentic Japanese fare that you can't find at too many other Japanese restaurants. Each dish is executed well and so frickin umami good. Syun's sushi is super fresh. The rice is the perfect flavor and texture. I know a lot of you out there are strictly salmon and tuna eaters, but veer off the safe path and go for their specials board. The specials are always the freshest fish and it will expand your horizon.To say Hillsboro has the best of anything (besides Mexican food) may be blasphemous to you city-types, but I am not kidding around when I say Syun is the best Japanese restaurant in the Portland area. From izakaya to sushi bar, it just can't be beat.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2010,8/3/2010,550,1055,13,16,18>Domo Arigato...Mister Hot Dog - O...DoMoO..This is my new addiction. Major Domo is my new bff which consist of all beef frank serves with Ponzu Mayo, sweet spicy hot sauce, teriyaki onions, sprinkle with seaweed flakes, sesame seeds, and an 8" bun. You can add Wasabi Mayo on top of it too. It was Ahhh-ma-ziiiingggg... I've never knew those combination of toppings will work for hot dogs, but they do. My Major Domo was creamy...a bit sweet...a bit spicy...it was a total comfort food. With the price tag of $3.50, it's really tempting to get two. Right now, most of the time they will be in front of H Mart in Tigard. Check out their facebook page, sometimes they are at other events and such. JapaDog is my new favorite kind of hot dogs. Domo Arigato...Mister Hot Dog - O...Domoooo...
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,8/2/2010,171,101,23,15,16>SWEET. MOTHER. OF. GOD.Never before have I so badly longed to bury my face directly into a pizza.Or smelled the fresh basily smells atop our Apizza Amore' as it taunted me with it's hotness the whole ride home.The box was resting comfortably on my legs, as the dutiful passenger, in charge of preventing a pizza disaster in said lap and car.But i won't lie...the whole time i was fighting my Id, my stomach, all my urges, and the little devil version of myself that was drooling down my shoulder... all saying the same thing:"F**k it. Let's do this."I look to a hungry Gabe, who is darting in and out of traffic like Jason Bourne on meth and I see that his little shoulder devil and mine are co-conspiring against us to take down this beast. I worry for a moment because I have seen my shoulder devil in action at vintage clothing stores, and that bitch has no self-control.But HUZZAH. because the smell of fresh basil, hot mozzarella and garlic, hot Capicollo, and fresh HAND EFFIN' ROLLED dough did not win this battle or succeed in causing a cheesy car accident. Instead we made it home to feast like damn kings on this epic pizza pie.And epic it was. I had been to Apizza Scholls once before with high expectations on a busy weekend night and left with more of an "okaaay well it's pizza." kind of attitude. Which sucks. Because that is not AT ALL what we are dealing with here.This pizza knocks you down on the ground with awesome when you open that box.If you were being taunted at school by a bunch of bullys...this pizza would go kick their ass.This pizza will make you cry with joy like a girl watching The Notebook.And mostly...It pretty much rocks the casbah.They have a great staff there, who are more than ready to talk to you about why they love this stuff and why they believe in it. Which is so refreshing.Also refreshing? The excellent choices of beers and wines you can order up whilst you wait for your deliciousness. Yes...I said whilst.All in all. I TOTALLY get it now. I pledge allegiance to the pizza. I am a true believer now and am mentally high fiveing Anthony Bourdain (which i do sometimes) for hitting up this beloved pizza joint.Both shoulder angels/devils will agree... this is cheesy true love.
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,8/1/2010,16,71,22,16,14>Ok, I've only been in Portland for six weeks so it is probably too early to proclaim a favorite place. But I don't care! I love you Tanuki! I am Asian and I have been to plenty of Asian restaurants where if you don't speak the language they refuse to give you spicy food even when you ask for it. Tanuki doesn't even ask, they just send it to you that way. I love that. Can you make the food less hot? No. Can you take out the clams so it is vegetarian? No. Can you cook a fantastic meal for two people for $40 total with more courses than they ever thought they could handle and enough to take home for 2 lunches tomorrow? Absolutely!p.s. although I am a light weight and rarely drink, the sake is so amazing at Tanuki that I make an exception and let my boyfriend carry me home. I apologize to the people in the Lexus. A Lexus is a nice car and I should not have said anything about your nice car. Sorry.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,7/31/2010,109,170,5,11,9>My fiancée and I decided to try out Bernie's on a "let's drive down Alberta and see what it has to offer" whim.  Having previously eaten at the Tin Shed, we wanted to see if it had something else to offer besides the flash of the neighborhood renovations.One sentiment that I will echo from the start is about the service.  Our waiter was not only very friendly and efficient, but complimentary in such a subtle way that the both of us could not help but feel flattered by the time we left.  I don't think I have ever known that degree of service before, with the exception of Tokyo in Beaverton.We ordered drinks - myself a JD sour, her an iced tea, and sat by the window looking over nighttime Alberta as a gentle rain fell.  Warmed by the cozy interior, conversation, and in my case, at least, my drink, we sat back and luxuriated in the restaurant, that feeling of being a guest in a good friend's home not escaping my relaxed notice.  When our food arrived, and I took that first bite of my fried chicken, well...I nearly cried.  I don't mean that I merely had a simple moment where I offered a pleased "huh" and continued my meal; I mean that I practically wept from the sheer deliciousness before me.  Crunchy, yet flaky, tender and moist with such a completely succulent flavor, I can say to you without a hint of hyperbole that this was, without a doubt, the single best presentation of chicken in any form that I have ever eaten...and indeed one of the best plates of food I have ever had.In addition, I had ordered the okra (cooked and served in a decadent buttery sauce) and bleu cheese grits, both of which were so intensely delicious, so rich, that they could have been a meal by themselves.Bernie's is the kind of place where you wish you could eat all the time, but know that if you did, you would not be able to maintain anything approaching a healthy lifestyle.  Even so, it has become, with that first bite, my instant choice for comfort food and a full stomach.
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2009,7/30/2010,434,336,13,23,16>Serendipitous: lucky in making unexpected and fortunate discoveries. Tonight I was going to have dinner at Grolla, not knowing that it has closed it's doors. Since we had been waiting all day for dinner, myself and Monica were ravenous and needed to find dinner right away. We checked my happy hour book for places close by that still had happy hour. Sure enough, Ciao Vito had happy hour until 8 PM. Bingo! It was packed when we arrived around 7:15,but found a table outside. The inside is lovely. Dark, cozy, and romantic, with chandeliers over the larger tables, and candles. Perfect date spot. We were happy with the menu selection's.  They have bread and olives for $2, wine by the glass for $4, and most entree type happy hour plates around $5-$6. We had Kens artisan bread with olives and olive oil, chicken skewers with tarragon and fried polenta, an AMAZING Caesar salad (one of the best I've had, ever), spaghetti pomodoro, and spaghetti with olive oil, garlic, chili flakes, and bread crumbs. To finish off the meal, caramel gelato. The quality of the ingredients was outstanding. When dealing with such simple dishes they have to be. The flavors were all balanced, and the seasoning perfect. The caramel gelato made my toes curl. The flavor of the caramelized sugar and cream was reminiscent of the sugar crust on creme brulee. We had a very good female server, and the owner was also making his rounds. There were several bussers, so our water was never empty, nor were there empty plates at our table for more than a minute. The only unfortunate part of our visit was the table of wedding obsessed harpies seated beside us. I can't fault the restaurant for their presence. They also tipped the server horribly ($1.50 a piece! Tacky, tacky, tacky!). Classy ladies, can't imagine why they're single. Although we were bummed that our original plan fell through, we couldn't have been happier with our fortunate discovery of Ciao Vito. For 4 glasses of wine, and all of the plates mentioned above, our grand total was $42. Very reasonable for a delicious meal for two. I know we will be back.
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,7/29/2010,66,83,11,10,9>My only complaint about Pho PDX is that is isn't open on weekend mornings, when I need my hang-over pho phix.  Anyway, on the business: after a grueling week of final exams, I had a serious pho craving.  There is photo of a shrimp-in-a-pho living on my refrigerator and it had been haunting me for weeks.  Primarily out of curiosity, I knew I had to try "whatever that is", and so I sought out the elusive Pho PDX.  Let me be frank--the space is weird.  I, however, am never dissuaded by the strangeness of an eating space (more often than not, I am encouraged by it.  It must be good to survive in such a space, yes?).  Impressively, the line to order was a bit long, but once we had ordered the wait for our food was not.   I gave into the siren song of the "Pho Tom Yum", not without some trepidation, I admit, but I succumbed nevertheless.  My beau chose the traditional beef pho with round steak and brisket.  Our choices were rather different to be sure, but we were both blown away.  The boyfriend never wants to return to our old pho haunt, and frankly, neither do I.  Both our soups had delicious and complex broths.  The additives to the soups were amazing fresh for March-time produce.  Frankly, it was just really, really, really good soup.  **In the spirit of full disclosure, my roommate works here. I like my roommate, but not enough to lie to the internet about the quality of this pho**
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,7/28/2010,130,164,15,10,10>A lovely place to roam on a chilly autumn day - and it's free till March.  Dog-friendly, though mine wanted nothing more than to be freed from his leash to chase those mocking geese and ducks.  I think he'll dream of them for days to come.Nothing is really in bloom now, but you can watch the Tiger Woods wannabes shanking their balls into the pond (minus angry super model wives chasing them with drivers)at the adjacent golf course.The visitors are a mix of J. Crew clad kids and their yoga pant wearing Moms, retirees and earnest Reed students.  Well, those groups and the y' know, UNGUARDED PRISONERS FROM OREGON STATE DEPT OF CORRECTIONS.  We were walking on a side path back to the car, past a group of guys, one of them asked if we had a cigarette.  Thought that was odd since smoking isn't allowed nor do we smoke.  Then I saw the bright orange stamps on their jeans and work shirts that identified them as prisoners.  They were apparently there to do some leaf cleanupUm, yeah.On the way out there was an enormous road sign that said "Inmate Work Crew Ahead" that wasn't there on the way in.  Now, I'm sure they were all non-violent offenders but if I was a Mom with an infant in tow I think I would be a bit unnerved.Aside from the brush with the incarcerated, the garden is gorgeous and I can't wait to go back when the rhododendrons are in bloom.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,7/27/2010,122,301,6,10,7>A wood-fired pizza oven in a cart.  Seriously, Portland?  What can't be done in this city?  Honestly, that gets a star in itself.This cart really rounds out the Hawthorne food cart pod.  At first I was surprised by the $7 pizzas because I assumed they'd be very small single servings, but they are big!  You can split one between two people -- besides doesn't everyone kind of order a little of something from each cart there?Speaking strictly pizza, I thought it was just okay.  Definitely not bad, but not amazing.  Simple, expected and quick...at 2 am.  Heaven.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,7/26/2010,104,175,10,12,12>I'm not an engineer or anything, and was never very good at math, so bear with me. As a vegan, a startling percentage of my daily diet involves fresh produce. Lunch usually includes a salad that takes a full hour to eat; dinners are, predictably, as low-effort as I can make them, which means the standby stir-fry. Breakfast is often whatever fruit I can throw into my bag while running out the door, already five minutes late to work.  Bottom line: I eat a lot of produce.Having recently moved in to a much fancier apartment than I'm used to, I'm re-evaluating my entire method of grocery shopping. Unnecessary expenses need to be cut and I can no longer afford apples that rival saffron in their weight-to-price ratio. I opened my refrigerator last Saturday, looked at my sad brussel sprouts and unenthusiastic lettuce, and headed off to Uncle Paul's Produce Market on a recommendation from Andrew C. Uh.I really can't fathom why I'd never stopped by this place before. It really is like a year-round farmer's market that takes credit cards (!!!). I filled up a basket in under four minutes and managed to walk out of the store with two kinds of lettuce, collard greens, mushrooms, grapefruit, avocados, apples, two kinds of squash, cucumbers, tomatoes, and a few other things, for far less than I ever could have imagined.Let's compare.One green pepper at New Seasons: $2.50 (maybe)One green pepper at Uncle Paul's: $1.00Factoring in the frequency of my salad construction, my rate of absorption of fresh vegetables, the positive correlation between fruit consumption and kindly disposition towards people I'd normally want to firebomb...Weekly produce purchase at New Seasons: $texasAt Uncle Paul's: under 30 m'r-f'n dollars.To tip me over into the Forever Fan category, the guy behind the register gave me a huge chunk of a Jazz apple because he was such a fan and I'd never been to this particular establishment before. I don't entirely follow the logic, but I'm not complaining.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,7/25/2010,109,677,17,16,21>VIP treatment at the sexy Slow Bar!  After doorman said, "Thank you, Ms. Anna B", upon producing my ID, he then told my whole group, "Welcome to Slow Bar, guys... have an awesome time", guiding us onto the swanky white couches in the lounge area near the front door. We ordered up a round of both Northern and Southern lemonades.  Let me tell ya, those things are dangerous.  A few of those on a hot date and you may end up pantsless before too long.  Not that I'm saying that happened to me.  I'm guessing those cocktails and/or Veuve Clicquot were responsible for the blush-inducing photos on Slow Bar's website.  Don't show your mother.  Music comes from a jukebox in the corner, filled with a huge variety of tunes.  Servers are rad and a little tough, as I imagine any servers working on Grand Avenue have to be.  Crowd is a mix of people headed downtown, pre-funcing before going down the street to Rotture, foodie folk seeking the city's best hamburger, regular joes from the neighborhood, and lots of beautiful peeps.  You're just as likely to see someone order a tall can of Tecate as a Hennessy.  You could drink on the cheap here if you wanted, and the fancy cocktails run around $7.  I've had lots of their food, both there and catered events, it's always been awesome.  I just about spit my drink out once when a server totally sassed my friend for removing a giant, thick slice of a gorgeous heirloom tomato from her burger.  He said, "You know you just threw away a $2 piece of local perfection, right?"  Haha!  I would have told her the same had he not beat me to the punch.  Trashing an heirloom like that is a crime.  CRIME.  Slow Bar can get a little loud when it's packed later at night but it's also a great spot for an after-work Happy Hour.  Great food discounts, drinks, and cross your fingers that the city's Smoothest Doorman is working to make you feel all VIP and classy.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2008,2/13/2008,329,1795,4,6,7>Yum!  Had dinner on a Sunday night a 6pm, no wait for a table.  There were plenty of patrons, including families with babies, and they had room for us too.  I had the burger with fries.  I don't know what they did to the fries, but they were SO DAMN good!  I couldn't stop eating them!  And the arugula salad with figs...ooooh, tasty yumminess.  The portions are moderate; it's what food should be, a decent price for a modest amount of good food.  My friend had the chicory salad which he enjoyed, and a side of coleslaw which he also liked.  He's a very picky eater. The menu has limited options for vegetarians and people who keep kosher or don't eat pork/shellfish.  Yes, there are a lot of sides and seasonal greens that one could order and not violate dietary laws, but entrees at dinner time are limited.  Good thing I don't keep kosher because I loves me some cheeseburger with crispy fries.  So, minus one star for not having a more varied menu.Service was pleasant and quick.  No complaints!It was a lovely meal, and then we went and saw "Once" at the Laurelhurst.  "Once" is a very sweet movie with great music and was the perfect dessert.   I think we'll head to Screen Door for breakfast based on the reviews.  If it's good as dinner, I'm sure we will really enjoy it._________Went back on a Saturday, party of 4.  They dont take reservations for parties less than 6.  We waited about 45 min.  The service was REALLY slow because they were REALLY busy, which meant a long wait.  It was all ok in the end, we ate, drank, made merry, and enjoyed our food a LOT.  Definitely recommend Sunday over Saturday night.  It's more relaxed, but then again, sometimes its fun to be in that flurry of Sat. night dining.
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2008,2/12/2008,16,20,3,5,5>If you like martinis and for some reason have a hard time ordering anything but top shelf then this is your new favorite place in the NW. This is one of the few places that I don't mind being at when it is somewhat crowded (and it does get crowded) but best to start the night there rather than make it the destination. The location is perhaps its best quality as it is a converted victorian house that is hardly noticeable as a business. The interior, while nice, is bland to say the least and could be much more charming. Their liquor selection is superb and still remains one of the only martini bars that innovates rather than imitates (think Vault, District, etc..); on that note the scotch selection is quite decent as well.  The scene is hit or miss, meaning it gets progressively unbearable as the night gets old and the crowd more pretentious. That said, you will find me here on any given Thursday usually with one or two friends about half past eight (my cocktail hour) and will normally spend $30 - $40, which I consider to be well spent. The happy hour menu is typical but still quite decent and the food is well prepared. The service is typical for the NW scene, so the less you appear to want a drink the quicker it will get to you. Positives: The happy hour, drink creativity and location. Negatives: The service, music and the late night scene.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2008,2/11/2008,57,343,1,4,2>They used to have the big Hungry Tiger up near Laurehurst Theatre, but that closed and this place opened up.  Its smaller, still got a bar, and plenty of space to eat and hang out.  Its close by the local SE growing shop community, such as the vegan mini-mall strip on SE Stark and 12th.My boyfriend and I got the vegan fried wanton ravioli to share, it was really really good.  Sweet on the outside and savory on the inside.  We then share the vegan mac and cheese.  It tasted good but it did not taste like mac and cheese.  it was more like a vegan cream sauce.  I think it would've made a good fettiucini dish.  My vegan friend got the squash soup and the yummy tofu salad.  Very good!  My meat eating friend got a burger with tots.  She said it was the best burger so far in Portland.  She loves burger. Oh yeah did I mention that they have free wifi and open until 2am on most days?  JACKPOT!PS: Beware of the bartender!  He is a total asshole.  The first time I went with my boyfriend and he was nice to us.  The second time, I went with my friend, and he gave her so much shit for asking about vegan options.  We were friendly, caused no trouble, just curious!  He literally said "I find you guys amusing.  I haven't decided if I want to serve you guys."  I've never experienced a service that refuses to serve the customer in my life.  So we got up and left without making a fuss.  I lived in New York City and Los Angeles, and I had to experience this in all places, Portland, Oregon.  OREGON!  Either he had a bad day or he shouldn't work at a vegan friendly bar and get pissed off at vegans.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,2/10/2008,31,124,4,7,5>Joined a friend for a Howard Jones concert (that is what friends are for) and had a blast. I thought I did not know any of his work but the 80s came back with a vengeance as his synthesizer came to life. The size of the venue is perfect for a fan friendly crowd, Howard (of course we are on a first name basis) was able to interact  easily and you could really sense how the people of Portland brought something extra to the show.My friend who is a huge fan and had seen him many times before commented on how he was more relaxed and playful with the audience.Gabe was also right on the money with the good acoustics comment. Parking was pretty easy and the place was clean.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2007,2/8/2008,39,155,4,6,5>The first installment of Dining with Dad!Every Tuesday, my Dad and I go out to eat, usually to dinner (although sometimes we lunch). This week we tried Delta Cafe.I had always heard about Delta Cafe but somehow had never wandered far enough from NE to try it. Silly me! Or maybe I was worried that this was yet another of the Dreaded Hipster Joints that serve good enough food but you can't stand the hipper-than-thou atmosphere. SILLY ME!I can't say enough good things about Delta. Thing One: Steve, who greeted/seated us was very nice, smiled, looked like he'd bathed recently and pointed out a couple of specials not on the menu like the biscuits and gravy and the pies of the day. Wow! Already I was pretty happy. Our server was equally sweet and very knowledgeable about what Delta has to offer. I knew from other reviewers that I wanted to try a house infused drink - they were out of raspberry, sadly - so I had the Hey Ya! Pretty good - but I think more suited to summer drinking. The Hey Ya! uses a cucumber infused vodka and yes - it is very cucumber-y. We had fried okra for an appetizer, and it was hands down the best that slimy vegetable has ever tasted. Perfectly battered, not greasy and they give you a huge bowl of the little buggers.Dad had the jambalaya and declared it "hot but good". Nice chunks of chicken, sausage, and shrimp swimming in a spicy sauce.  Our server brought some extra rice on request which tamed it a bit. I had Southern Sampler, choice of 3 sides. My choices were collard greens (w/pork), cheese potato casserole and red beans and rice. Good choices all, but I think I may try the mashed potatoes with gravy next time as the cheese potato casserole was a bit overdone and crunchy. The greens were perfection, smooth and meaty with enough vinegar; the red beans and rice had a little kick and that smoky flavor I love. Dad and I shared marionberry pie with ice cream and were so stuffed we could barely waddle out the door. I took home half my dinner for lunch today, we got out for $36, which I thought was reasonable for an appetizer, 2 drinks from the bar and two dinners. The service was OUTSTANDING here. Our server was so sweet, talked to us, brought us remoulade for our okra, extra rice and chatted with us about the place. I found out that the same guy owns Vita Cafe, in which case, he should drag the servers from Vita over to learn a few things from the servers at Delta. Like, how to shower and be civil. Cheers!
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,2/7/2008,189,360,3,13,4>When it comes to my luscious locks I'm not afraid to spend what little money I have on a haircut because, as a friend once told me, "you wear your hair everyday."I waited to write this review so that I wouldn't rave about a fabulous hair cut only to realize two months later that it only looked weird and funky as it grew out.  However, the time for truth has come: Grace is Great.Joy has both cut & colored my hair and gotten me through a transition from shorter blond hair to long dark hair and her cuts kept me feeling stylish and happy with my hair the whole way through (no awkward transition periods where I just wished my hair would grow already!).  She is laid back and manages to make the perfect cut and color seem effortless.The salon itself is filled with a range of clients from young urban pearlies to older people.  The one thing every client seems to have  in common is a desire for a great cut in a hip environment that isn't snooty or overly trendy.  The staff are very sweet, professional, and accommodating.  Costs are comparable with other similar salons in the Portland downtown area (priceyish but what you'd expect).  My favorite part of the salon: there are windows everywhere and all that natural light makes me feel happy and relaxed!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2008,2/6/2008,140,143,1,7,6>Corkage fee for 3 stellar bottles some afficianados in our party provided kept 5 friends lubricated for a couple quality hours at under $25, with no fuss to study a Wine menu.  We all felt more free to order an appetizer and entree each, to share around the table.  OMG, you'll want it all!EVERYTHING is SO incredibly good.  If someone asks you out for Valentines, your birthday or a big date, make this the place.  DO treat yourself. You really deserve this cuisine.It's tiny, so smile and welcome others as they share your table. Staff are casual and elegant.   I'll return for the melt-in-your-mouth Beef Borgougnon.  It's in a deep rich sauce...and Incredible.  Everything was, really.  Do not expect leftovers. I recommend walking or taking a bus to Burnside: 19, 20, 12, at the door, and 6 and 70 - so close.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,2/4/2008,90,39,20,8,6>One of my best friends and drinking partners is sick.  She's infected with some kind of creature that she calls a "bay-bee".   Apparently, this "bay-bee" is allergic to a lot of things like beer and wine and if she consumes any of these something bad will happen; I think the "bay-bee" will sting her.As a result, we have to do other things besides hang out in bars and pubs now.  Tonight we went out to eat at Navarre.Neither she, her husband or myself had ever been here before but I decided to give it a try thanks to the reviews on this web site called "yelp.com".I'm a pizza and burrito kind of guy and am not at all familiar with foods with fancy words like "braised" and "arugula" and "salad" so we decided to let the kitchen pick our selections for us at $25 each.  Due to the "bay-bee's" strict demands we asked the server to not serve us any raw or undercooked meats (bacteria), fish (mercury) or unpasteurized cheeses (pasteurs).  The kitchen happily bowed to the thing's demands and we still received a wide selection of foods.All of the food seemed seasonal, local and fresh.  We were able to try lots of different things that we never would have ordered and even though we did not like everything served to us, we were all full and satisfied by meal's end.We had an early dinner and the restaurant was about half full by the time we were done.  Service was attentive but not bothersome.  Our server noticed that we had eaten hardly any of the salted parsnips with butter, so she comped the price of the bread and butter that we ordered before the meal.  It's always nice to be treated fairly without being asked. :)Navarre is a small place, but the high ceilings help keep it from feeling stuffy.  I wore a shirt and tie, but my friends with short sleeves and tatoos fit right in as well; it is Portland after all.Overall, we were very happy.  I can't quite give Navarre five stars because I didn't enjoy everything I had, too many pickled items and too many turnips and beets.  That being said, I would definitely recommend Navarre to others and I will go back.  I can't wait to see what different dishes appear throughout the seasons.
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/14/2008,2/3/2008,3211,1938,13,18,14>Saucebox meets the Bowl-o-rama... Swank meets blue collar in this super dressed up version of the true sport of kings.Who could possibly take such a grand concept and muck it up? Concept Entertainment of course.What a great idea. Take an old billiards hall and swank it out. There's plenty of old kitschy bowl-a-rama's out there for hipsters to get their fill, so why can't those who swing towards swank get a little slice of bowling heaven to call their own? Concept took a great idea and bowled a 7-10 split with it.  Super fancy physical plant. Similar in modernity to saucebox or any given bar/restaurant in the Pearl, but mix in some soft wood (fir, I think) on the bar and trimmings, throw in a huge bar-area with tons of flat screens, maybe some leather couches instead of molded plastic benches where bowlers wait to throw their turkeys, implant some chasing LED strips in between the lanes, flat screen score monitors, and huge projector screens above the pins showing whatever. Put a lounge upstairs with leather couches, fireplaces, little couched off areas fit for reserved vip booths, another whole bar. How couldn't this be FREAKING AWESOME?This is how.  Meet the robotic corporate staff. They all seem like really nice and genuinely motivated people working under an oppressive corporate code. Greetings manufactured rather than honest (I could tell they would rather have greeted me their own way). The bartender was on it, but then poured my $6 well-bloody with a jigger. I know it's OLCC regs, but seriously, either give me an extra 2-count or drop the price by a dollar, minimum. I don't blame the tender, I don't blame OLCC, oh no, I know who is at fault. Fine, they put the Ducks game on for me, thanks guys. Maybe I'll just have a beer. Oh, they come in 23oz?!?! Awesome! Wait, wait, that's $7 for 23oz Pilsner Urquel? That's more than DOUBLE what a16oz should be!!! Dang, maybe I'll just bowl a game... UH?!?! $5?!?!? Nevermind.This, this is how Concept Entertainment (you know, those cool cats that operate Barracuda, Lotus, Voodoo, Gypsy, and all those other similar frat-holes) can screw up something so beautiful. I see that they did not make a beautiful, gorgeous bowling alley to create a good thing, they just did it to take my money.  I don't mind paying this much or more at a bar like Saucebox, where the drinks are stiff and the liquor call, but well? Jigger? $6? Inner East-side? Bowling alley?  I foresee this being a destination spot for frat guys and pearl district tools who want to be seen.  I am so torn. The people working there were genuinely cool, but they just had this aura about them... you know, the aura of the downtrodden corporate peon.  I bet the bartending policy manual is 50 pages long here. The space is SO SWANK, so nice, so really excellently awesome.  I just have a hard time paying $7 per non-gourmet beer while I am bowling, regardless of how swank the place is.  I really, really want to love this spot. It's like Henry's with a bowling alley (but without any decent beer selection, and much higher priced drinks). If this were downtown, I would have no call to say word one about the prices, I would pay it and love it... but I came to bowl, not get bowled over. I'm sure I'll be back, but I'll loathe every bill-paying minute of it.  ;)
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,2/1/2008,23,87,4,6,3>I was totally charmed by the idea and execution of this charming little place. American-style Pho! So, America is a melting pot (or a salad bowl, whatever) of ethnicities, and this place offers all kinds of inventive variations on ethic creamy soups and broths with seasonal veggies to add on top. They also have salads, sandwiches, and sweets with mystifying and artful ingredient combinations like fig & blue cheese, sweet potato & molasses and red chili & mango. I should mention that this pho place is FHO (for hippies only), so wouldn't bring anyone here who would complain about the homemade ascetic, the hand-painted signage or the "let it mellow" policy in the bathroom.It's a tiny place where you will most likely be cooked for by the owner and served by his wife. They are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and offer meat, vegetarian, and vegan offerings.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2006,6/6/2007,392,374,6,3,5>Scrumptious HOT Thai ~Coming to you from a Trailer Cart. In a parking lot. Surrounded by construction workers. The perfect setting, no?Yes, I was a little unsure myself. My Portlandian guide assured me, it's tip top. I safely ordered the Veggie Pad Thai and waited... waited a mere 5 minutes!!It's fast, It's crazy cheap, and it's cooked in a trailer!Where did 'trash' come from anyway? Clearly, it's 'Trailer Park Thai!'
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2007,6/5/2007,3,29,1,6,1>As a Californian, I usually don't go to other states for Vietnamese food but I decided to check this place out since I was dead curious.  I'm really glad I did.  The service was good (it was kinda cute how the nuns were discussing in Vietnamese whether I could understand Vietnamese or not since I walked in speaking English but was laughing at their jokes) and the food was just awesome.  I had the Spicy Spare Ribs which was served with rice and steamed veggies.  Tasted exactly like my mom's cooking, except without the actual meat.  I grabbed an order of egg rolls and steamed buns to go.  The egg rolls were good.  The filling of the steamed buns was excellent but the actual bun part was a bit of a disappointment; it wasn't chewy and kinda fell out in chunks.  In the end, however, the prices were awesome; I'd probably eat here everyday if I lived in Portland.  This place has inspired me to seek out vegetarian Vietnamese restaurants in San Jose and San Diego.Oh by the way, it's spelled "Van Hanh" and they have a website at vanhanhrestaurant.com if you want to check out the menu.Oh and even though their website says otherwise, they're closed on Tuesdays I believe, not Monday.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2007,6/4/2007,7,17,,4,2>I've been to Fernando's probably around 10 times or so, and I've always had a great experience.  The tapas are the reason to go - they have 25 or so different offerings of these spanish appetizers.  This is perfect for dates - sharing food really brings out an atmosphere of intimacy.  However, everything else is awesome too.  The booths are nicely lit so they're cozy and another room has brick walls which make things a little more interesting visually.  If you're interested in main dishes, their paella is fantastic.  The bartenders are great here and whether I get a plain gin and tonic or a martini, it's always really good.  The only negative might be that the place can get noisy on busy nights, especially when there's salsa dancing on the upper floor.  The food is also pretty rich, so this is not a place to go more than once every month or two.  Oh, and for anyone else that's been here before, but hasn't visited in the last year or two, they took the quail with chocolate sauce off the menu.  I was devestated.Pros: The tapas, the service, the paella, the drinks, it's different from anything else in the cityCons: Noisy, no more quail with chocolate sauce :(Recommended: Dates or small get togethers.  When you need something different.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/24/2007,6/3/2007,104,185,5,3,2>Leave your pretension and Prada loafers at the door!  This place is loud, dingy, and leaves you with a sticky feeling.  It strikes me more as a place where kids go to learn about gambling.  The attendants running the place are friendly, but 'unique' to the point that I would not leave my kids, if I had any, alone there.  All that aside...I love it!  I might be a little biased because I did actually win a stuffed animal out of a claw machine.It really takes me back, and I could do about a hundred rounds of Skee-ball and never tire.  You pay a small fee to get in and exchange your money for nickels and then you go around and play!  I think it's a fun way to get in touch with your inner child, embarrass yourself on Dance, Dance Revolution, and get tickets you can redeem for little prizes before you leave.  I would just take some hand sanitizers with you. :)
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2007,6/2/2007,13,254,4,6,1>City Liquidators is like walking into the most random garage sale...EVER...filled with piles of stuff from your crazy Uncle. Everything at City Liquidators is new and not used, but some of the items I have seen on the shelf sure gives me reason to wonder.   This place is addictive!  You can find some amazing stuff if you are willing to take time to sort through the garbage in search of a treasure. And believe it or not, they have some incredible deals on furniture with a great selection of high-quality couches and bedroom sets with some killer prices. Don't stop shopping until you have experienced all 3 floors (or is it 4??). Just when you think you have seen everything, there is another flight of stairs to lead you on a search for more items you never knew you needed.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/22/2007,6/1/2007,26,89,1,4,1>Okay, I'm not a Portland local. I'll fess up about that right now. But nor am I some abhorrent tourist from California who walks around in my "I went to Portland and all I got was this lousy T-shirt" T-shirt, complaining loudly about the cigarette smoke in bars and the weather. Well, I am from California. But I loved Portland, the rain was nice, the beer was awesome and the fine people of Portland are all-around friendly and fun and helpful. I'd heard great things about the fine-dining scene and was eager to check it out. My brewmeister boyfriend and I were going to be spending 99% of our time touring the numerous brewpubs, and I knew I'd be wanting a delectable and fancy (expensive) respite from pub grub and IPAs. So a little Yelping for Portland and some messaging resulted in nearly unanimous votes for Fenouil. I looked at their menu online and had to get a new keyboard after drooling all over my old one. Upon arrival, Fenouil was not a disappointment. It was beautiful. Vast and decadent, stone and marble and warm golden colors everywhere. We were seated upstairs with a bird's-eye view of the exhibition kitchen, right over the pastry station. I was feeling excellent about our choice of fancy-pants dining in Portland. Our server set upon us with grand friendliness and was very, very helpful and generally awesome. The brewer ordered beer,  a glass of wine for me. We started with the French onion soup and had ribeye and frites and roasted duck breast for dinner, with a blue cheese potato gratin on the side (because we weren't allowed to sub the frites). The good: The soup was wonderful and classic and hit the spot. The decent: The gratin had great flavors, but lousy texture. The potatoes were tough chewy and seemed undercooked. The frites were...well, how bad can french fries be?The bad: My glass of wine sucked. But that's my fault for ordering it. But still, it sucked. The brewer's steak, while cooked to a perfect medium rare, was doused in so much sea salt that you could hardly taste the meat. Same with the braised spinach that came on the side. A single bite would be replete with crunchy, salty explosions. Maybe some people would like that, but not us. My duck should have been medium rare, but was rare instead. Very rare. Like quacking. Now, the meat was clearly high-quality grade A quacker, but still, rare duck is not the way to go. It came on a bed of  morel fricassee and with a little slimy lump of corn flan on the side. The corn flavor of the flan didn't mix with the duck nor the morel and Madeira flavors. The Madeira sauce was tasty, however. Overall though, not great meals. And for $30 a plate, I think my high expectations were not unrealistic. We did communicate our dissatisfaction to our wonderful waiter who graciously offered us dessert on the house. We gratefully chose the apple tart tartine, which had a lovely flavor, but was a little tough and rubbery in texture. Judging by the other stellar reviews, I'm inclined to think that maybe we just went on an off night. I hope that's the case, because it is a beautiful place. Next time I'm in Portland, which I hope will not be terribly far off, I will take another dive back into the fine-dining scene. But I think I'll only return to Fenouil for drinks and to soak up the atmosphere.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2007,5/31/2007,51,116,2,7,5>My absolute, hands down, favorite bar in Portland. Although still fairly new, this bar has already proven itself to be a local landmark. With amazing Florida-Cuban-Pirate-esque food including fried catfish, Cajun tots, and their signature "pirate dip", they also offer many vegetarian options including a delicious veggie-brie sandwich. The cocktail menu is quite creative and the "Titty Fairy" has now become my fave drink. They have one of THE best jukeboxes in town, a great little outdoor area, and one of THE most unique ambiances complete with vintage beer paraphernalia, pirate decor, and a Floridian color. The staff and owners are nothing short of friendly, and I have never been the slightest bit disappointed in any of my *many * visits. Oh, and be sure to check them out on weekend afternoons for Church of the Bloody Mary... you never knew so many versions of the drink existed!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2006,5/30/2007,12,20,3,4,3>no complaints. well i do sort of hate all the laptop people who hang out and mooch free wifi for hours but sadly thats just a part of our "culture" now. fresh pot serves stumptown coffee. we all know how delish this stuff is. freshpot has great vegan baked goods and excellent tea. you can read magazines or books from powells and even if  you are a klutz and you spill water all over a book you have no intent to buy a nearby customer will probably show you this cool napkin-page-layer trick so you dont ruin said book. when im feeling low i treat myself to a soy cappucino and bury my face in astrology or photography books. no one even looks at me wierd if i tear up while thumbing through the nan goldin. love it here.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,5/29/2007,45,221,5,13,5>5 stars for being the only place I have found in the Portland area that actually does what most car washes back home in the Chicago area do - clean your car inside and out. It costs more than back home, but at least they do the whole deal for $17 instead of making me vacuum and clean inside. All that, and they even have bakery items and coffee and a little gift shop if you feel like $17 is not enough to spend in one place. They have plenty more options like shampooing, etc. if you are into that kind of thing. I did that once, and they did a good job, but my mistake was doing it in winter when it had zero chance of drying anytime soon, so I'd wait for summer.Oh, and they even have a website with info about all of the services. That's cool.Update: 8/20/07 - Went back again after a long time, and it was still great, but do prepare to wait. For us, it was about 45 minutes. They do have coffee and bakery items (like the fresh cinnamon rolls that smelled so good), but do order those when you pay for your car wash if you think you might want some because otherwise they charge a $5 minimum on your card. I would have bought one of those cinnamon rolls while I waited, but it didn't smell $5 worth of good.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2007,5/28/2007,155,167,1,2,7>After having to wake up at 5 AM last Friday to catch a flight with my family to Portland, Oregon, I have come to two conclusions.  First of all, it is obscene to make a human being get out of bed before the sun comes up (especially a senior who is used to late arrival and getting to school at 9:06 AM).  Second of all, eat something before you get on the plane.  Chances are the mid-flight snack of a beverage and a pack of two cookies just won't cut it (I'm sure the flight attendants would appreciate it if you didn't end up gnawing on your seat cushion).  By the time we all got to the place we were staying in Tualatin, Oregon (about a 15 or 20 minute drive from Portland), my family was ready to jump at the first restaurant we saw.  Luckily for us, that place just happened to be Shari's Restaurant and Pie Bakery.  There were a couple of families already seated at tables around the restaurant, but we were still seated promptly.  As we followed our waitress to the table, there was a large refrigerator case that had shelf after shelf of perfect looking pies (apple, no sugar apple, banana cream, burst-o berry, cherry, chocolate cream, peanut butter chocolate, coconut cream, lemon meringue, marionberry, no sugar marionberry, Oreo cream, S'mores, and strawberry rhubarb).  Talk about having a hard time choosing just one slice!After we were seated, the waitress gave us our menus and asked if there was anything we would like to drink.  My parents and I had water, while my two little brothers decided on chocolate hand-dipped jumbo milkshakes.  Throughout the entire dining experience the waitress that seated us, as well as other waitresses that happened to walk by, made sure we had everything we needed (great service overall)!I might have entered the restaurant with a bit of Bay Area IHOP and Baldie's 'elitism', but after looking at the wide range of food they offered at Shari's, and not to mention finally getting to 'dig in', I must give Tualatin's breakfast restaurant its dues.  I don't think I've ever been one to struggle over the breakfast menu of a place I'm trying out for the first time.  I usually just order pancakes and figure it would be the hardest thing for that place to mess up (but there are instances where I've been wrong).  For some reason, the picture of the flat iron steak and stuffed hashbrowns platter had me hooked (you can probably call it a type of 'love at first sight').  So while the rest of my family members ordered their pancakes, I stuck to the hashbrown platter.It didn't take too long for the food to arrive, and I must say that I was very impressed.  I'm sure that others have experienced the sinking feeling you get when something you see in a picture doesn't quite match what you get when you order it.  I must admit, the smell of the grilled steak and the golden color of the hashbrowns was just beautiful.  I looked over at the pancakes of my youngest brother (he's usually the easiest one to grab food from without much of a fight) and the triple stack looked very fluffy and filling.  I grabbed hold of my two favorite weapons (a fork and knife of course) and prepared to do battle with the hashbrown platter.  The hashbrowns were a perfect balance of a soft center and crispy exterior (not to the mention the delicious filling of melted cheese and sour cream).  There were three scrambled eggs that were also cooked well (neither wet and gooey or burnt and dry).  Last but not least, I truly believe that the six ounce flat iron steak was delicious enough to turn vegetarians in carnivores (or maybe just an omnivore).  One of the biggest surprises had to be the check (and not in a bad way).  Having lived in the Bay Area for most of my life, I'm used to stores tacking on the 8.75% sales tax (Alameda County actually has the highest sales tax rate in California).  But in Oregon, there is no sales tax!  So when the menu says $4.99, you can expect to pay $4.99 (not $4.99 plus an additional $0.44).  The reason for this is probably because Oregon has a lottery, and I'm not talking about the random gas station/supermarket kind we have around California.  If you look at the picture of the Shari's sign closely, you'll notice a hand with fingers crossed with "Oregon Lottery" written underneath.  I really wish I could have gotten a picture of the inside of the restaurant, but it was the most amusing thing I've ever seen.  To the right of the cash register was a little room with a clear glass door and inside was what appeared to be a slot machine and a table to seat four.  Now that's what I call multi-tasking!  After such a positive experience at Shari's, I was disappointed to see that the nearest location in California was one in Sacramento.  But if there is any one that happens to be around that area, I definitely recommend a stop at Shari's Restaurant and Pie Bakery!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,9/22/2013,200,109,6,10,7>The scene: It's 90 degrees out, I've just given myself heat exhaustion like a true Portlander. Tried to up my mileage in the full sun without bringing along water, smooth move! Instead of resting, kept running. Derp. Just as I'm about to turn the sprinklers on 'icy cold' and run through them, I remember I have to meet some friends for dinner. Oh, joy.I'm feeling pretty queasy, and all I really want to do is lie down in the shade and cover myself with ice packs. Instead I rally and venture out to the hot crowded sidewalks of Mississippi, Portland's favorite study in gentrification. After collecting my friends, we wander up and down the street, passing clumps of impossibly hip 30something baby-wearers pawing through the sidewalk racks of shops selling overpriced kitsch, looking for a suitable nosh spot.Waiting for a self-important host/ess to get around to seating us sounds like a snore, so we settle on Miss Delta almost solely because there is no line. And I am so glad we did. I don't know why I hadn't heard of or been to this place before, but somehow, over the course of the meal, I recovered from my horrifying heat-induced haze and actually - gasp! - began to enjoy life again.We were ushered in and given our choice of booths by the world's nicest dude. For really reals, this guy was awesome. He was also our waiter and was attentive and patient and unobtrusive and prompt and patient and all those things that the service industry in Portland is NOT known for. I don't know if they have a graduate school for waiters anywhere, but if they do, this guy was totally a teacher's pet. The service can do a lot to influence your enjoyment of a meal and in this case, he added a star at least. He even smilingly put up with one of my friends pulling a cliche and asking where the meat came from. "Was it happy?" got a straightfaced answer. Kudos, server. Were I you, I would have cracked up and walked away.We started off with the hush puppies (because hush puppies are delicious, DUH), and naturally I ate the majority of them because I am a jerk and hate to share, plus they were amazeballs. Everyone but me got boozy drinks, which they were entirely satisfied with - and the cocktail menu was varied and creative. Ooh! And! Somehow, this place has Abita beer. I had been living life under the impression that one could only procure Abita in Louisiana. Either they've got a smuggling operation going on, or I was wrong. I prefer to think the former - so Southern beer-lovers of the world, take advantage of its availability now before the beer gestapo shuts this shit down.My lady friend and I split the meaty mcmeato meatpants platter (that's not what it's called) which came with ribs, pulled pork, brisket, another kind of meat that I forgot about, cornbread and a couple o' sides (we picked greens and red beans 'n' rice, both of which come in porky and veggie versions). It was all mad delicious (and it's a plate that absolutely must be shared, unless you are a very very hungry lumberjack with a hollow leg). The pulled pork was the standout for me, while ladyfriend devoured the ribs like a champ. The conclusion: D-lish. I love Southern food, and this place does it right. They smoke their own meat, make their own sauces, and don't put on any airs. The service is swift, deft and delightful. We'll be back.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,9/21/2013,376,599,5,12,11>Words probably aren't terribly necessary for this review. Just look at my pictures. My dress was made and altered by Cocoon Silk. I look amazing. What else do you need? Perhaps you want to know about customer service. I can say without hesitation that if I fell upon a pile of money specifically earmarked for the purchase of pretty dresses, I'd be back at Cocoon Silk within the hour. After rolling around my new pile of riches for a while. I'd go there not just because they have a decent selection of original, feminine formal wear, although they most definitely do. You can find a big glut of dresses just about anywhere they sell wedding gowns. But if you want to feel treated like a person with specific concerns about cost, fit, and individual preferences and not just a, well, walking pile of money, you should talk to the staff at Cocoon Silk. They were lovely every step of the way, from the day I first set eyes on My Dress to the day I came in for my final fitting and took My Dress home. Maybe you also want to talk about price. I don't really want to name exactly what I paid for my dress, but I can also say with utter certainty that I got a bargain. How much of one, you ask? Let's just say, given the quite modest budget Crime Partner 4 Lyf and I set for our hitching activities, I had expected to find something to wear at a consignment store that would then need to be altered by my mom. Instead, at Cocoon Silk, I walked out with a brand new gown that was very much me. Sovanna Yun, the main designer and proprietor, took a look at me when I first tried My Dress on. Then we talked about what would need to be done to make the garment work, and Sovanna graciously agreed to do the alterations so I wouldn't have to bring My Dress to a different tailor. If there's anything I might criticize about the experience, it was that I would talk to a staff member who would assure me that someone from the store would call to schedule a fitting after a designated amount of time. But then no such call would come, and I'd have to follow up on my own. It happened that way twice, but it's really such a minor inconvenience. Having to follow through on things that matter isn't just the province of businesses, after all. But really, just check out the pictures I added here. Seriously. I can't stop looking at them. :)
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,9/20/2013,123,492,7,10,7>I am crushing so hard on Kure right now.  Although initially put off by the bright green concoctions people sipped while wandering my 'hood, there was no denying the general state of happiness these people emanated.  Was it possible these folks were on to something?  Would I drink the all natural, mostly organic non-Kool-Aid to find out?Eventually.  Yes.And like all things that excite me, once I am on board, I am fully committed.  If I cannot decide on breakfast, I will go to Kure.  If I need an afternoon pick-me-up, Kure it is.  I vacillate between the Greenheart and the Lush Life green smoothies.  I cannot seem to get enough of that Klamath blue green algae. I cannot believe I just typed those words.  2013 has been the year of trying new things, and Kure is by far my favorite new find.  It's summer (almost).  It's hot.  Smoothies are the new ice cream sundaes.  Get some.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,9/19/2013,121,1306,2,10,4>The best bagel I've ever eaten. And I even put bacon and scallion cream cheese on it. I never do that.These bagels are seriously the best thing to ever happen to bread. They're chewy and dense, without a wack texture. They move quickly, so get there fast, and check Twitter/Facebook to see if there are any specials to be had.I appreciate the option to get a bagel breakfast sando for less than $5. It's like the perfect meal.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,9/18/2013,75,83,4,11,7>We met another couple at El Cubo de Cuba for an 8PM Saturday night dinner and drinks on opening weekend, before heading to a movie at the Bagdad. All of the patio seating was full when we arrived, but we were pleased to find additional outdoor seating on the west side of the building. My guy and I split a Cuban sandwich with a side of sweet potato tots, and we passed a Mojito and a Cuba Libre back and forth trying to decide who picked the better drink (we determined they were equally good). Our friends split an entrée and ordered yucca fries for the table. The sandwich was a little on the salty side overall, but the roasted pork was flavorful and the bread had a nice texture. The tots were tasty and we wished we'd ordered more than just the side with our sandwich. The yucca fries were interesting, shaped like stubby cigars, with a batter that reminded me of childhood treats at the summer carnival. They disappeared fast, despite being fresh out of the fryer and almost too hot to touch. El Cubo de Cuba is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. The inside space is pretty 'cozy' so extra outdoor seating is a plus, as is the late dinner hours. Service was efficient, the food was hearty and drinks were a nicely done.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,9/17/2013,90,158,4,8,5>While on a little staycation in downtown, we decided to give the late night happy hour a shot.  I'm so glad we did.  Ringside is now going in the rotation.  With SO many great happy hour places in the city, it's hard to frequent any one.  But I will be making another trip soon for this place.  We ordered: steak bites, french dip, potato skins, braised beef quesadilla, and lemon blueberry cheesecake.  Steak bites were perfectly cooked (medium) which almost never happens.  Servers ask "how would you like that cooked" and you tell them medium.  Then they either come back cardboard or blue.  So I was impressed.  Great flavor, great horseradish, reasonable portion.  Maybe 4 ounces?  5?  For less than $3, it's a great deal.  The french dip is a half sandwich with tons of meat.  Totally decent sandwich.  'dilla was decent, much more meat than cheese, but great flavor.  And the skins were really good.  Cheesy and bacony.  But the star of the show was the cheesecake.  Seriously folks...  SO light, SO creamy.  Great texture, great flavor.  GREAT crust.  My guy and I finished this slice together and wished we hadn't bothered with food, just ordered dessert!I would like to give a shout out to the barkeep.  BEST vodka collins.  EVER.  No bottled collins mix.  Sour mix and soda, and wonderful.  Can't wait to come back and eat and drink again.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,9/16/2013,45,259,13,9,9>"I want an Oompa Loompa! I want you to get me an Oompa Loompa right away!"That whole "Kid in a candy shop" description? That was me. In here. Today.Just. Wow.I wandered in relatively unplanned today. They have sooooo many awesome, delicious things to choose from. Whatever you are after, sweets-wise, they probably got it.  From highly specialized "behind the case" selections you can buy a single piece of, to really cool sodas with awesome sounding names (made with real sugar!) to ice cream selections to vintage candy. I saw the huge Sugar Daddy pops while I was walking out. Remember those?They have super nice people working in here. I don't know if they were the owners or not, but both were very helpful and pleasant people. I was really impressed that for Easter, they had a "Peeps" diorama contest going. There were probably at least 20 contest entries displayed in the store. This is a really fun idea and there were some really outstanding entries!I've recently began the Paleo diet and I was very pleased they have some good choices in here for that. They were very helpful in pointing out items with the higher cacao percentage.In fact, I picked up a few pieces of 99% cacao chocolate. 99%!!!! That is so much cacao! How much more cacao can you get?!? Not much more cacao.I just like saying it.Cacao.Seriously, this place is magic. I can't imagine a better sweet shop.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,9/15/2013,207,465,7,9,8>Wow, color me impressed. They're not kidding about being a five star dive bar (say that five times fast). It's not much to look at outside, but surprisingly clean and new inside. The lighting is low, there's TVs, gruff looking regulars that are sweeties and great bartenders. Plus, BINGO! Though it says they start at 7ish, focus more on 9ish or later for a start time. That doesn't mean get there late 'cause a ton of people show up for bingo. Why the hell not! It's BINGO. It was so much fun to play. Service is great. Instead of hanging out behind the bar, the bartenders circulated through the thirsty crowd getting everyone their fill of drinks. Oh, and don't forget about the $1 Jello shots. Drink prices otherwise are quite reasonable. Definitely a great joint!
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,9/14/2013,227,412,3,4,5>We used to have to drive across town to a farmer's market that sold good grass fed beef. It was a hassle but well worth it. You mean to tell me that I actually have a butcher shop a short drive away and I don't have to wait for the weekend to go there? It was a sort of perfect storm: we had some "welcome to the neighborhood" coupons which included a 15% discount to The Meating Place, it was a lovely weekend, the first weekend in our new home and my husband felt like grilling. We went there on Sunday at about 4:40. Since they close at 5:00 on Sundays, a lot of the stuff had already been sold out for the day. I still looked around and noticed there's quite a selection of different cuts, sausages, pepperoni, bacon and some delicious looking jerky. The people there were very nice and helpful. I knew they were getting ready to close soon, but they didn't rush us at all. In fact, people kept coming in and browsing. They also have some raw dog food and bones for your furry friends which I plan on coming back for (among other things). We ended up picking some marinated carne asada (prepared skirt steak). We took what they had left over and they were very kind to ask if we needed more prepared. We did but didn't think to ask. I just assumed what was there was what was left. I suppose that compared to grocery store meat, this is pricier, but it's better quality that you can taste. We don't eat meat every single day, so I like to have a good product when we do. I'm happy that The Meating Place is in my neighborhood and the fact that they were just so friendly and helpful has earned them some new clients. Oh yeah, we will definitely be back!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/13/2013,107,287,10,4,4>Do you know how spoiled we are Portland?It's really really spoiled. I mean, how many other places offer popcorn, movies AND BEER! Tell me. TELLLLL ME. And not only do we have one theater that does it, we have like 8. And they're cheap. Well, less cheap when you add in all the beer but that's pretty much the story of my life. (I think I saved a lot of money before I turned 21. Sometimes I think back and go "Huh, dinner seemed to be so much cheaper". And then I down my drink and forget to care)Anywho. Movies are awesome, but some movies need a few drinks to really get yourself in the mood. Like comedies or horrors. Or amazing action flicks with Jason Statham because I will laugh and clap when he throws a plate into some guys windpipe. Or even old school movies that you probably thought you'd never be able to see on the big screen (either again or for the first time) but they do special features and I'm like "Yeah! Back to the Future!" or "EVIL DEAD!!!". And they even do actual classics so I can feel like at least I'm watching something that people won't judge me over, such as To Catch a Thief.And I like you Laurelhurst, you're probably one of my favs of all the 2nd run theaters. Mostly because you're not owned by McMens. So that's nice. And the people are nice and the seats are fairly comfortable. And lately you've been showing photos of Hawaii during the ads prior to the movie, so thanks for the inspiration to be somewhere else. I love popcorn but your pizza is decent and the only thing I don't particularly care for is your chicken wrap sandwhich. But really, I should have known better than to order it.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,5/16/2012,148,236,13,12,12>I have a good friend who is German.  From West Berlin, to be exact.  He is suspiciously tall (more on that in a minute).  He likes Prost, and I drink there with him regularly.  The atmosphere is fantastic on a warm summer evening, and the people watching is really first rate.My only problem is the tall German.  You see, I'm not sure where he puts all that beer.  He can drink copious amounts of the stuff and remain completely unfazed (and un-drunk).  Meanwhile, I am a slobbering ingrate after 3 litres.  I'm beginning to wonder whether that crafty German is smuggling beer out of there in a hidden reservoir somewhere.  That, or perhaps the movie "Beerfest" is a documentary.  We'll never know.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,5/15/2012,42,52,4,9,7>If there's any such thing as a rock star of the plumbing world, it's Khoi of Lotus Plumbing.Here's a quick list of his rock star-ness:1. Transparent, honest and frank assessment of your plumbing needs and the unique ability to tell you exactly what must be done in language that anyone could understand.2. Lightening fast responses to questions and queries.3. Unwavering punctuality.4. Polite, clean and fast service with excellent results.5. Laser-like attention to detail. 6. Commitment to making sure that you absolutely need everything you pay for.Khoi is the kind of plumber that, once you find him, you realize you don't ever need to look for a new one. I'd say that's worth any price except that Khoi's charges are so reasonable you'll never have to pay anything more than what you should.Take out your list of plumbers, put Khoi on it and erase everyone else. If Khoi can't make himself available right when you need him he probably knows the next best person for the job.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2011,5/14/2012,61,115,3,15,11>I absolutely love Bob's. I make a pilgrimage from Portland about once a month to stock up on beans, grains, spices and all the other wonderful things in their amazing, inexpensive bulk bins. Many stores in Portland carry Bob's Red Mill brand and some offer a large selection but when you're at Bob's Red Mill Whole Grain Store, it's like going from a candy store to visiting Willie Wonka's Chocolate Factory. Every single great Bob's product is sold there and a majority of them are available in the bulk section. There is a lot to be said for not paying for packaging, the value passed on to the consumer is well worth writing out sku numbers on a tag. I keep all my beans and grains in my house in glass containers and all my spices are in labeled magnetic jars so buying without packaging is coveted and ideal and it definitely suits my budget. Bob's also offers a simple breakfast and lunch menu in their cafe and they have a separate vegetarian menu where all the vegan items are clearly marked. I absolutely love their french toast and the $5.59 price tag is the least expensive for vegan french toast in Portland. The cafe is open until 3pm daily though the store and cafe are both closed on Sundays. It's a bit of a trek to get to Milkwaukie but it's really not that bad plus Dave's Killer Bread is right across the street, making it easy to light two candles with one match. If you like high quality products for an affordable price, you owe yourself a trip to Bob's Red Mill Whole Grain Store.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,5/13/2012,126,2155,11,16,18>If you've spent the last sixish years (or more) bouncing from mall salon to "rock and roll" barber to old guy barber who can barely see the hair on the head he's cutting, you may feel like you finally need a home. The Modern Man is that home, and now you've found it.In a space behind Ciao Vito and themed like it's still the 1920's (aside from the iPad and laptop on the counter) you'll find a barber shop with four chairs and some dapper gents manning the clippers and sheers behind them. Appointments should be made in advance. They sold over 1000 groupons recently. Good God. If you want a weekday service, call about two to three days ahead. Mondays are your best chance of being seated on a walk in basis (at least early in the day). If you're looking for a cut on the weekend, call about five days ahead. Sundays are "Father Son Sundays" and they offer 20% off services if you come in with your dad, or son. Very cool.If you're unemployed and are about to go to a job interview, they will cut your hair fo' FREE. Think about how awesome that is.When you cruise in you will be offered complimentary whiskey, bourbon, beer, root beer or something else. When you leave you're offered a cigar or cigarette (not a Camel light, c'mon. They have some class.). "Line ups" are available between your cuts to straighten the unruly for $6. If you were wondering, the line up service comes with the same complimentary whiskey and cigar/cigarette as a regular cut.The conversations in here are pretty hilarious. There's a lot of banter, stories, and good times. This is due in part to the open feel of the shop. Chairs face the room, not the mirror - - trust that they know what they're doing and you'll be fine. Your hair is cut dry, so as to ensure the most accurate length when finished. (Wet hair is lengthened, sometimes causing a cut that's just a little too short. No reference to the rapper intended.)The straight shave is something to behold. Lay back, enjoy your head massage and then realize that your life is truly in the hands of someone with a blade to your jugular. It was my first one and somewhat of a tense experience until the hot towels came out. Then I damn near fell asleep in the chair from pure pampered bliss.Prices are definitely reasonable. For the same price you'd pay for a basic mens haircut by a flunkie 17 year old at Supercuts or Great Clips, you can enjoy some whiskey, a mature or at least hilarious conversation, and take a cigar home. And these barbers are legit. Many of them have been poached from top salons around the city or had their eye on The Modern Man long before quitting their old soul sucking salon jobs. You're definitely in qualified hands.They do gift certificates, too. Perfect option for the guy you know who seems to have all the material possessions he needs, or that are in your price range. Two weeks from the time I'm writing this the Modern Man will celebrate the opening of their new social club on the second floor. The space is roughly the same size as the barber shop below and will feature a pool table, TV, a bar and some simple sandwiches as there is no kitchen on the property. The focus for this venture is on their customers who'd like to come in early or hang around after a cut for a drink and some relaxation. It's not meant to be a walk-in-off-the-street kind of bar, but I suppose if you did that and got hooked you might book a future cut on your way out. Here's what I know, I already spend too much time per appointment here, and now it's going to get worse. The Modern Man is taking all the necessary strides to become quite the "man spa."If you can't get into what The Modern Man is doing, you must truly hate having a good time.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,5/12/2012,109,677,12,15,15>Do you like firetrucks? Do you like fire(wo)men? Did you watch all seven seasons of Rescue Me in succession while you were laid up with a couple of broken ribs and a handle of homemade Kahlua on the nightstand?  Do you like learning about Portland's rowdy history as an infant town?  If you have answered yes to any of these questions, you will enjoy the Historic Belmont Firehouse.  Through interactive displays and photography exhibits, learn the heritage of the Portland Fire and Rescue team over the last 150 years, for nothing more than a smile (donation to the Jeff Morris Foundation who runs the place is encouraged).  If you are SUPER lucky, during an organized event there (the Belmont Street Fair, for example) you can see one of the real, live rescue ponies!  They bring 'em by for the kiddos.  And by "kiddos", I mean pony-lovers of all ages.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,5/11/2012,574,765,14,23,20>Tiny and intimate, mixed with some really cool reggae and retro music, and finally some awesome sushi chefs that make dreamy food. Digging that recipe!  All these scary reviews I read of mean servers and a wait that lasts forever.. NOT what we experienced one bit.  However, I do my research and was waiting at 5pm to get in the door. I also was especially warm to the hard workers, but they seemed to be naturally nice. Maybe I hit a good day, or maybe they got rid of the mean servers? All I know is I had some of THE best sushi I've had in forever.  We went hog wild in ordering too. We were sitting at the sushi bar which also is helpful as you are directly in touch with your personal chef. ;) I took the advice of the reviews and got a couple of their specials like the Taki Tuna (hot rice patty on the bottom, tons of avocado on top of that, complete with another ton of poke tuna). That is some great stuff. On to the unagi which was warm and sweet, the way it's supposed to be. Next up was the wasabi fish eggs.. Watch it!!! They are so hot I almost choked on my sushi.. Yikes! But, I mean this in a good way.  I also read on here that you cannot get uni.. au contraire.. it was on special and once again fresh and delectable, melt in your mouth.  I could keep going but I think you catch my drift.I will say that they are more expensive than some other places, but they also seem to match that up with size of the order, as well as just how fresh it all is.Not only discovered some new sushi choices, including poke here in Portland, I also found a champagne sake!!!! Right up my alley!It's like starting over... over and over.. Thanks Yoko!youtube.com/watch?v=_PHK
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,5/10/2012,66,169,3,11,11>Truss is a new restaurant located on the second floor in the Portland Marriott Waterfront Hotel. They are open for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. I went for lunch today, but no doubt, I will be back for more. Possibly dinner with a friend.The food is Trendy American. I don't think that's a term but it is now for the sake of this review. The decor is beautiful. Very elegant and visually striking. It's a hotel restaurant but damn. It's pretty nice. There were wine bottles incorporated into the decor as well as bridges. Bridges, truss, they go together. I never knew what a truss was until today. About the food, well, there is definitely a lot of thought that has gone into the menu, food preparation, and presentation. I hear they have a new chef and he sure is impressive. If he's a fan of bacon and duck fat... I'm a fan of him.*Shoe string fries fried in duck fat? Yes! No more soggy fries. These are extra crispy, just the way I like them. *Palenta fries are definitely worth trying. They were so tasty I swear they were cheesy but I can't confirm that. *The mushroom ravioli was amazing. So much flavor. It was a dry ravioli. Who doesn't love a ravioli fried in butter and garlic. There was a nice crunch.* Prosciutto and pear sandwich was great. A little bit of frisee, a little bit of blue cheese, pear, and prosciutto on toasted ciabatta. The ciabatta even tasted like one of those cheese bagels. I think there may be a little baked cheese on the bottom of the roll. It was great.*Roasted Turkey sandwich on ciabatta... oh so good.* Walla Walla onion soup was great as well. The soup had that nice sweetness of the Walla Walla onions. Great french dip.Great service. Great food. I'll be back.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,5/9/2012,141,355,4,16,11>As a rosary wielding member of the catholic community, I've found myself in countless sacred institutions in the northwest, but never once with any reason to visit  Mt. Angel and its abbey.   Until quite recently, I would have never bet that it would take the ideas of deceased Finnish man to draw me there.  But there I stood, almost timidly as if I were opening the door to a confessional rather than the building I had drove over an hour to see...the library.  Designed by the legendary Finnish architect Alvar Aalto in 1970, it's one of his only two buildings in North America, and the only one on the west coast.  So if you're a fan of the man, like yours truly, and don't quite have a trip to Finland planned anytime soon, it's an awesome opportunity to experience the his work firsthand.  The space is open to the public every day, and you're free to quietly walk around after saying hello to the pair of friendly, soft-spoken attendants at the central desk.  The multiple story space is bathed in natural light, though there are few windows one can easily peer out of.  Skylights and clearstories offer astounding daylight, suitable for studying and internal focus, rather than being distracted by the outdoors, as is common in many contemporary libraries.   While nearly everything is over 40 years old, it is all beautifully preserved.  Fixtures, furniture, lamps, and shelving were all designed by Aalto, who embodied the notion of gesamtkunstwerk (an impossible to pronounce German word used to describe an art form or design where all of the components complement each other) .   Walking around is like time time traveling back to the late 60's... students hunch over books and scribble on pads of paper.  There are very few computers in sight, nor is there the sound of a single cell phone.  I almost felt as if I was committing some sort of sin taking photos... though my friends and I were assured that cameras are okay. Like places of worship, libraries are spaces that almost inadvertently generate a period of self reflection.  Perhaps what makes Mt. Angel's library so successful is that the simple space is easy to use and understand, leaving plenty of time for our emotions, senses, and memories to dominate our experience.  Even if religion isn't your thing, if you find yourself in Mt. Angel or even looking for a quick trip to experience something special, consider a visit here.  It's easily one of my most favorite spaces that I've ever been in,  and will forever sit high on my list of architecture that people really must see.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2012,5/8/2012,236,543,6,13,14>Hacker spaces are a new business category. There are about 1000 in the world today, including Xin Che Jian in Shanghai, Noisebridge in The Mission and three in Portland. Brain Silo is one. Hacker spaces are where the Maker movement, Instructables, open source, O'Reilly, DIY and crafting come together in a shared space where people can work on projects and collaborate. The spaces have tools, the kind of things you might not have at home or in an apartment, and room for larger projects. They are also run on small budgets, and are affordable to individuals in contrast to a commercial specialty shop where professionals do the work for you. In a hacker space, you do the work yourself. Hacker spaces are also incubators of entrepreneurial opportunity.Brain Silo is also the quintessential man cave. The founder brought all his tools and projects to the space and you can become a member to work on your own projects. Craft spaces and project spaces have a style, and this one is definitely chaotic. In a way that's charming too.Ladies may laugh, and make fun of this space, but you will find plenty of sewing rooms in the same state of chaos.And doubt many people laugh at Steve Jobs & Woz' garage, Larry Page & Sergey,  Hewlett & Packard, Harley & Davidson, Walt and Roy Disney, Vollum & Murdock, all of whom started in similarly humble spots.Projects the members are working on include repairing vinyl jukeboxes, pinball machines, taking apart computers, and building projects with a small NC wood router. They have hand tools and a drill press. If you want to build a robot, and your wife/husband won't let you do it at home, this is a good place. It's a work in progress to which you can bring your specialized tools to add.They operate by monthly dues, which are ridiculously reasonable. You really need to meet the owner and other members to see if you are compatible and responsible. Access is 24x7, so if you need to work on your moon rocket at 3AM on a Monday morning, you can.They host occasional public demos of a Maker/Instructables nature. They would be announced on their website and sometimes on Calagator.org, Portland's open source tech calendar.Brain Silo is a place to get stuff done away from home, man cave chaos style.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,5/7/2012,400,884,7,13,13>I've been praying that an Indian restaurant would open in our neighborhood. Yay! Bollywood Theater has been open for a week. Wha? No Yelp reviews yet? Can't believe mine is the first. Wha?Anyway, I was taking the 8 bus home and that meant a 15 block walk home in the rain. I'm no dummy. I texted my wife and asked her to meet me at "the new Indian place next to Salt & Straw". heh, heh, heh.By the time I arrived, my lady had already ordered and had a gin and tonic waiting for me. Ah, my plot worked perfectly! She even had time to stop and get the dog food that I was supposed to schlep home.You order at the counter at this place and they give you a number so somebody can run the food out to you. A very nice young lady runner, at that. We started with samosas and I swear to Vishnu they tasted exactly like the ones my wife makes at home when I beg her enough to make 'em. The food here is probably not like the Indian food that most people are used to. They term it "street food", but my wife said it was like home cooking--when her home was Northern India.Really good stuff. The Pork Vindaloo melted in my mouth, it was that tender. We also got an order of Aloo Tiki. The portions were a bit on the smallish side, but actually perfect for a nice after work dinner. Filling but not so over the top that you end up waddling home. Plus, it leaves room for some of the ice cream from next door.Cool decor. They had an old Bollywood movie playing (in silence) on a big screen on the far wall. The place was packed for a Wednesday afternoon. We'll definitely go back soon! Great addition to the neighborhood!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,8/10/2011,33,135,4,8,5>Ha VL, where have you been all my life? Oh yes, located in a back alley behind camouflage netting inside of another alley somewhere off of 82nd. Okay, so maybe it isn't that hard to find, but it is in a rather inconspicuous little shopping center just up 82nd near Fubonn. If they served the same soup here every day, I could still come here seven days a week, but lucky for me they serve something different seven days a week, just to spice things up a bit. I love bahn mi, and they have great bahn mi here, but the soup is so good that I always end up ignoring my beloved bahn mi and getting soup. All the soup is great here and they may just have the best Pho in town (Pho Hung is the only competition) but my favorite is the yellow curry chicken soup. Like all of their broth, it is out of this world and oh so creamy and delicious and with a little spice. Add in the tender, moist chicken that just melts off the bones and some noodles and you have a very rich and filling meal that is great on any day, but especially the cold rainy days. Come here earlier in the day if you want to be sure to get soup, because they do sometimes sell out, which isn't a total tragedy when they serve up what is my favorite bahn mi around and of course the essential Vietnamese coffee, which is a hell of a drug. I don't care if you live in Hillsboro, this place is definitely worth the drive. Once you try it, you will be back.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,8/9/2011,342,431,3,8,5>Hands down the biggest and best Gyro I've ever had. My wife was dying for a Gyro and found this place earlier in the day, this is where we headed for dinner. We got here around 8pm and were greeted by the owner, a very kind man from Lebanon. His wife introduced herself, she was from Jordan I believe and the man on the grill was from Turkey. This spoke volumes to me considering this was giving the impression we were gonna get some authentic Gyros! To say the least, these Gyro's were freaks of nature. HUGE overly stuffed sandwiches with shaved lamb. I listened to Brian l. and went with the spicy garlic which did add a wonderful dimension. Taste, price, portion size were all on spot. As a side we ordered the Hummous and pita bread. We both LOVED the Hummous. It makes the store bought look like a joke. A finer texture with a better flavor is how I perceived it. From what I understand this place is slammed with a line out the front door come lunch time, and with good reason too.  For the quality and amount, you cant beet the price.  Instant customers!! And again, the owners went out of their way to introduce themselves and make us feel welcome. Great business right there.
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,8/8/2011,320,479,14,13,15>I am a dark alley, dart into a clandestine, veiled-doorway kind of girl.I step deftly inside and make sure I am not being followed.  Discretion is key.  I ditch my trench coat and we cozy up to one of the coveted tables for a finely crafted cocktail.  I am partial to the Purple Haze, an Absinthe based cocktail.During one of my surreptitious stays here, I also enjoyed the salmon crêpes.  Having lived and spent a lot of time in France, I appreciate good crêpes and these are pretty good.I love the dimly lit décor and the big 'ol Elk heads perched up on the wall.  I love scoping out the other couples and wondering what kind of furtive meet-ups I might be witnessing and of course, checking out the small, animated groups.Of course after discreetly settling up, I am going to try and slip out the back, unobserved.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2011,8/7/2011,107,287,10,13,11>The carnivore in me was like RAWR! I am meat eater, me eat meat. Which is good, because that's all they have. Salad you say? Salad covered in prosciutto! French fries you hear? Fried in duck fat! Their meat is saturated in more meat, and I freakin love it. It helps that they also had one of the best burgers of my life (probably because it was cooked in more fat). The meat was nice and juicy and still flavorful. My friend had the Spicy Pickled Pork which was also delicious and it was a difficult decision over which I wanted to eat more of. We split a portion of fries (a monstrous portion), which were also tasty. Now, onto the beers. I had the Sweet Heat and loved it, delicious with just a little bit of kick. My friend had the IPA and it was fantastic, not too bitter (which tends to be why I don't like IPA's, so sue me Portland). I also sampled their lager (I think, all I know is it wasn't a stout) and it was nice as well.  I would also like to note that while the alcohol percentages weren't anything crazy these beers managed to get a girl shockingly tipsy fast. I'm not sure what is in there that sped up the process, but those beers hit the brain quick.  Service was very nice. We sat at the bar and she was helpful, friendly and allowed a last minute change to our order no problem. AND had just had some sort of crazy altercation with a drunk dude that was walking out when we were coming in. She handled it well and didn't seem even sorta flustered (it wasn't a horrible situation, just one that could have shaken up some people). Space is cool, I dig the food and enjoyed my beer. See ya soon Burnside Brewing.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,8/6/2011,130,164,19,9,9>My birthday is November 29: Santa Maria Novella "Kyoto" fragrance, please.  It's only $125.  You love me, don't you?If you guys want to go in on something, I'm particularly fond of the couch that's placed directly in front of the door of Manor as you walk in.  As I stretched out in it, admiring a depth close to twin bed wide, I thought to myself "Hmmm...I wonder how much."  My mother, sensing impending puppy dog eyes, whispered "6-2-4-0."  No dollar mention, just numbers.  And those numbers weren't missing a decimal point.   But think of how durable it would be, dudes.  Very Husky and kitty friendly with its vaguely burlap looking upholstery.  You would totally have a place to crash at my house!  Kim V AND her mom could comfortably sleep in it and probably not disturb each other.Then there are: the gold-rimmed plates embellished with knife and fork ($65 per).  No?  A $200 throw pillow? Still no?Look, I get that this place is aspirational living for the vast majority of us Yeeps, and a lifestyle to which a lot of you might not even aspire.  I think it's thoughtfully selected, the staff pretty egalitarian considering the atmosphere and fun to poke around in. And I will still be your friend even if you craft me up a bday present, not buy me $50 glassware from Manor.  Where you stand in the rankings though...
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,8/5/2011,240,523,4,11,6>Random nights calls for celebration of randomness and by having nice dinner. Well, we happen to stumble onto this place and it did not disappoint. The ambiance is almost romantic but more lit and louder than your normal wine and dine place. The place looks pristine and not rustic. I'm impressed but not totally dressed, who cares. The appetizers and cocktails are good. Hello there Vesper 8.I ordered their Pork Chops. It was awesome with a crispy rind on it's side.The side accouterments are pretty much spot on by using veggies in season, asparagus at that time.It was ended with another round of cocktails and desert. How could you not ignore their basil ice cream?! They are perfect to end your dining experience there.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,8/4/2011,78,198,17,13,8>For those of us who aren't porn stars, we can only dream about this variety of sausage to choose from. Often, dreams are better than reality, but not with Edelweiss. It's a sausagefest bonanza, I'd guess about 20 mouthwatering flavors. There's delicious bacon; we tried the pepper bacon for breakfast, next will be the Black Forest bacon. They also had tons of cheese, wine, beer, candy and all things German that I'll try someday. And the sausage... TONS of choices. We got the Cajun, Hungarian and a couple habanero to toss in the freezer, I even got a tiny side of saurkraut since I'm the only one that would eat it. The guy behind the counter went above and beyond to get me what I needed, even wrapped each kind of sausage separate and marked it, so I'd know which I was eating. Tossed on the grill, these were by far the biggest, tastiest sausages I've ever had the pleasure to take home. Hubby was delighted with the juicy sausagefest. He usually eats two, but agreed they were big enough for one to satisfy him. Have you ever noticed that when discussing sausage, it sounds dirty even when you're not trying to? Hard to resist.... but I'll be back to Edelweiss for sure. I doubt there's better sausage in all of Oregon.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2011,8/3/2011,119,205,11,11,7>I had a clairvoyant in Kona look into his crystal ball.  He was a big Polynesian guy who looked like a robot in a loud shirt.  He told me that in a past life I had been a Polynesian king - whoda thunk!  In another life I had been a Polynesian oarsman - I didn't get around much I guess.  But there might be something to all this this Voodoo because I love nothing more than drinking kava out of a coconut shell.Kava tastes like the earth that King Kamehameha's army just marched over - in their socks.  That's why Polynesians' knock it back in one shot.  Knock it back, wait a minute or two, and knock back another.  Did I mention I was once a Polynesian king?Kava is natural relaxant.  It numbs the lips, and stomach, and turns you into a wet Turkish towel - sort of limp.  The conversation at a kava bar is...well, slow - like an episode of Cheers in slow motion.  I've had kava a few times on the mainland but it was...well, forget about it.  But the juice I got at Bula Kava House was the real deal.  After a couple of shells, I was as relaxed as a Jamaican on vacation.
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2011,8/2/2011,184,178,4,13,11>Well, well, well, Decarli might be the only reason to learn Beaverton has a downtown. Yes it's true this great little hot spot is located in the West side hills of suburbia. Since I typically don't judge a book by its cover it was left on my radar and I finally got around to making a reservation for dinner. If Friday night's dinner service is any indication of their popularity I highly recommended you doing the same. Inside the dining room was larger than expected so be warned if it's busy expect noise levels to be high. The wine list is covered by Italy but there are also local and regional selections available. Corkage fee is $15 and bottle prices were reasonable most priced under $40. I only wished for more by the glass but there's enough to not succumb to a bottle purchase. Your service starts with fresh bread from the neighboring station which we soon followed by the Salumi plate. This included four types of salami, crostini, and pickled vegetables garnished with whole grain mustard to open up the sinuses and heighten your wine experience. Our service was a two way street, the water boy was quick to fill our tiny cups and I'm sure was kept busy all night. While our waiter was informative and helpful still table service was slow. However I'm going to blame it on their maxed capacity rather than deduct a star.Originally I wanted the espresso braised short ribs a house specialty, especially once I asked how many ounces it equaled and the reply was 10. Although someone had the same plan and ordered before me so I was promised a bite instead. What I ordered was the Tagliatelle with a fennel and sausage ragu, the pasta was fresh and cooked just over al dente leaving the noodles firm but silky in texture. The sauce while pungent didn't overpower the freshly made sausage allowing some really nice flavor to come through. Overall I was impressed by how well everything was cooked and the portion sizes because afterwards we couldn't even split a dessert. Before leaving I reviewed the HH menu which inspired me to come back although I would totally return even if I lived on the East side of town.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,7/31/2011,194,499,16,14,15>Well! If you haven't been into Gordon's, you really need to. They have only been there since 1955, waiting for your visit. Everyone has driven by them; you can't help but see this creaky place from the Banfield Expressway or coming over to the eastside on 33rd. Maybe you do like I do and point and say "We need to stop there and look!" as you just miss hitting the transient trying to cross that busy corner.Well, if that is so, Uncle Bobby went on this field trip today just for You! Let me first make an analogy to any expat SoCal people in our audience today. Imagine Marion's Gift shop from Knott's Berry Farm thirty years ago as a fireplace and gewgaw emporium and you have Gordon's. OK, for the rest of you: Have you been stumped where to get a smart looking Asian head mask for your boudoir? Groovy mirrors and matching chandeliers ala 1968? Replica 18th century Tall ships with cool string riggings? Oh, it's all here and more! And more! And more! Now, as much as I pimp on useless ornamentation, I have to admit here that I have had such hankerings for a real stand up, pain in the ass to transport,  and maintain, Grandfather's clock for years. They have some of the tackiest as well as some of the most stunning new pieces I have seen for 45% off retail, if that is your cup of tea.Now, there are practical reasons to hit Gordon's, too. They really do know their shit about fireplace mantles, gates, tools, inserts and that whole bit, and have been around forever therefore know every fireplace and natural gas contractor in the area. That alone would be reason to shop here. This is not information that you will get at the Home Depot or any of their ilk. We have been kicking around what to do about our fireplace and chimney that the previous owners trashed on our house and Tammy filled our ears with all sorts of tidbits that we could have only found out about the hard way; they are getting our business! Thinking about a pellet stove? They know a bunch about that stuff too and...important here, who to get it installed by. Reasonable prices; heaven knows I have been shopping some of these items for a while now. Not cheapest. Reasonable. That's OK by me!And...they had at least three, maybe four cool urns that I am thinking about choosing between to get for my Mom.  I have been packing her around in this zip lock bag for five years now. That is most unbecoming....
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,11/29/2009,104,175,17,17,14>Hallelujah.This is what a piercer is supposed to be like. From the very first moment I stepped inside I knew that I had come home to my very own piercing heaven. The gorgeous decor of the building (conveniently sandwiched between Silverado's and the 18+ strip club) served only to perfectly accentuate the cases upon cases of some of the most beautiful jewelry I've ever seen. Tapers made out of turquoise with small fans on half of them, bone-inlaid large-gauge plugs, bone, wood, quartz. They even have a layaway plan (and yes, that should give you an indication of how much some of these babies will run you -- a lot more than I'm comfortable wearing in my ears.)I filled out my paperwork and was then introduced to my glorious piercer - Nick. Considering the nature of my piercing I was a little unnerved and probably appeared to be vibrating with anxiety. Nick promised to make the experience as devoid of awkwardness as possible (which I doubted the feasibility of), and he managed to do exactly that - via conversations surrounding the corrupt mayors of the cities we come from (Washington, DC and Chicago, IL!)The entire experience was almost painless (physically and mentally) and Nick's aftercare instructions were complete and clear. I found myself making future piercing plans with him including a potential set of dermals. Now you *know* I like this guy since I wouldn't let just anyone anchor jewelry into my skin.Then again, I wouldn't let just anyone put a needle where he did.Can I get a witness? (No. Not really.)
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2009,11/28/2009,240,523,10,10,10>Very Pacific Northwesty. From the brick walls to the clothes they sell. This is a must to go on First Thursdays. Bands, drinks and ping pong table? Yes, this is the place to go.  They have discounts on almost everything during that night and the current sale items are not bad either. Flannel, jackets, boots, shoes, flipflops, vests, watches, bags. They have it. Minus one star for not giving me a discount on such a huge purchase but the store associates are friendly. I love my Nixon 51-30 though I did not check it the first time I tried it. I have to go back and return the dented bracelet.  I'm also happy with the other brands of clothes they carry. The watch is not just a watch. It is a WATCH. And ofcourse,  I slept better after except that it doesn't give me hugs when I'm bored and jaded.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,11/27/2009,273,418,16,10,12>*I* was new in town and in need of Internet... *She* lived a couple blocks down from me and was rearing and willing to take a bandwidth pounding... I confess, I have a one-track mind. That's really the only reason I ever came in here to start. The free wifi (or "whiffee" as my dear mother once pronounced it). However, I discovered some MASSIVELY potent and fine-tasting coffee here. (I know absolutely nothing about what "good" coffee is, which is the opposite of how I am with beer, but I seem to really like the crack they sling up here) The people that work here are also SUPER nice and ready to strike up conversation. They also will let disgusting leeches (which have 32 brains, btw) like me sit there for hours doing important Internet stuff like...ordering my own Internet, cancelling my old utilities, or hitting "refresh" on facebook every 4.7 seconds. The eats here are also pretty decent, not a "meal" place by any means...but a great place for some snackage. So, come people of Portland, let's take our over-priced Pippin computers and waste time on the internets...in PUBLIC, TOGETHER.
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,11/26/2009,38,82,11,7,6>What the fudge?Anybody who gave this place two stars based on their pizza obviously has some pretty high standards.  And by high standards I mean they must HATE pizza.Because this place kicks ass. Allow me to Cliff's Notes:[Ken's Artisan Pizza] + [Apizza Scholls] = TBF = The Best F'n pizza I've had since 45th and Hawthorne.Oh yeah, they have HOTD Greg + Lompoc on tap.May this 5 star balance out insanity.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2009,11/25/2009,265,215,7,8,10>It's always Sonny in Portlandelphia. Did that work?Anyway, YUM! This cart has three options, all vegan. The #3 is brown rice, green beans, bbq soy curls, crunchy chow mein-type noodles, and some kind of spicy sauce. 5 bucks. Enough for leftovers. YUM.The #1 has black beans (one of nature's most perfect foods), brown rice, mixed veggies, and a creamy yummy sauce. $5. Add soy curls $1. YUM. Could do with a little more flavor though.The #2 wasn't tried but has garbonzo beans (also known as chickpeas) which is another one of Mother Nature's perfect foods. Fact.I will be back. If I could throw some black beans in with the #3, I might be the happiest camper on 3rd and Ankeny.There's Dr Bragg's, Nutritional Yeast, and Secret Aardvark Sauce.. You can't really go wrong.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,11/24/2009,376,599,26,24,27>The smoking ban has had a phantom limb effect on all the bars. Patrons who've probably sat on the stools for years blissfully lighting up one cigarette after another keep their packs out in plain sight, almost like memorials. You can smell without compromise, so the aroma of not-too-distant bathroom lingers everywhere no matter where you sit. And you can't taste your whiskey and coke at the Chin Yen Lounge without wondering if the combo tasted better when your favorite animal was a Camel Light. That's not to say the W/C tastes bad. It's a little sweeter. Maybe they, just like nearly every alcohol peddler in the Portland Metro area, use RC instead of Coke and you're just now regenerating the tastebuds to tell the difference. It doesn't matter, because happy hour prices at the Chin Yen mean $3.25 well drinks and you can't shake a cancer stick at that. Of course, now that people are hunching over in packs outside, you can't escape the notion that you're drinking in an airport hangar. Still, if you've ordered some General Tsao and fried rice to bring home and eat during Top Chef, you'd be hard-pressed to find better ways to use the wait-time. Hey, at least these days all your extra disposable income is going to booze and take-out.I'm giving an extra star because one patron said to the bartender, regarding some talk about some relationship, "He should just marry the bitch already." Then the bartender grabbed a bottle full of oil and sprayed it onto the patron's cleavage. I missed the reason, but I'm totally proposing to a lucky paramour that way over Chinese food.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,11/23/2009,126,304,12,10,10>Homer goes to the doctor about gaining weight to go on disability.Dr. Nick rubs fried chicken on paper to show him the "window of success."The Reggie Deluxe would fall right through that piece of paper and I have no issues about going on disability for this sandwich.Everything you could possibly crave is on this mountain of a sandwich. Fried chicken, cheese, gravy, bacon, and a fried egg all stacked on a creamtop biscuit. It hits all senses of your tongue. (View the tongue-tingling pics.)Fried chicken: crispy tender juicyCheese: gooeyGravy: creamyBacon: smoky saltinessFried egg: crispy white, creamy yolkBiscuit: crunchy soft flakyThe "breakfast" sandwich will never be the same again...
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2009,11/22/2009,122,144,14,14,15>How to make garbanzo beans unhealthy?  Apparently send 'em to Jersey.  But oh, it's a fun ride.Came here with a fellow yelper recently, after jointly planning to check this place out for months.  we picked up two sandwiches (the grilled chicken and the chickpea) and split them, eating at the picnic table beside the cart.  Seating is very limited, and if you don't like eating with the sun on you, plan to go takeout.  First off, bring your appetite: these things are busting out all over.  Friend and I each ate like half of each half and were beaten.  Chickpea sandwich is really something special... it seems so simple, but  the blend of ingredients (hot, fried chickpea cake with cool crisp mixed greens on chewy ciabatta) is scrumptious.  And it's vegetarian, so go on, lie to yourself (as I did, and am doing now) and say you're going with a healthy option!Chicken was good: very fresh, very high quality ingredients, but the chicken itself was a little dry and overwhelmed by the mustard greens.  Still tasty though, and I'm guessing we might have caught this on a slightly off day.  Still, compared to the chickpea, it's just a chicken sandwich.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2009,11/21/2009,61,93,10,11,7>Hello, my name is Alissa and I have an addiction... an addiction to breakfast food.  The last time I used, I was at Arleta Library Bakery Cafe and I've been thinking of the high it gave me ever since.  The Sicilian Hash was intoxicating... I couldn't resist devouring every morsel of food on my plate; beef that is braised overnight to the perfect tenderness.  And the scone... a fresh, still warm from the oven, fig scone.  I'm starting to salivate just thinking of it.  All the warm breakfast goodness washed down with a cup of freshly brewed stumptown... there is no hope for recovery for my addiction, might as well embrace it.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,11/20/2009,147,332,9,13,11>S.U.: "Did you have lunch on the plane?"Me: "No, just some cheese and crackers."S.U.: "Wanna stop for a few tacos before we get home? I've been wanting to try this place."We pull in. A sign on the door says (in Spanish), Today's special, Mole Tacos, $1.65.  I love good mole. Many decades ago, as an Easterner unimpressed by gloppy, cheesy,  rice and bean "Mexican" food, Mole is what brought me to Mexican food. Chicken with chocolate sauce? Gotta have it!We grabbed a quartet of the daily special, sat down at the tables, adjusted the flavor with a bit of green here, a touch of red there, and walked out saying, "I want to try their sopes next"!!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/29/2009,9/4/2009,109,677,10,14,12>Stuck on NW 21st after being denied beer AND a good time across the street at Underdogs (yelp.com/biz/underdogs-s), decided to duck into Silver Dollar to catch some b-ball and a couple of brews.  It did the trick.  I had not been there in years, and it was quite different than I remembered, I swear it used to be way crappier and dirty.  No longer, though.  TVs everywhere you look.  Nice TVs.  Plenty big enough to accommodate large groups.  With all of those screens everywhere, first impression might be that it's a sports bar, but it didn't really feel like a sports bar at all- more of a 'hood hang out for all different types.  Bartender was very friendly and really sold us on the pizza, so we got pie to share.  Thumbs up from me!  The crust was on the thinner side but doughy, sauce was good, toppings were all good and fresh, and that perfect amount of slightly-too-much cheese blanketed all.  Prices are about average- we got out of there splitting a small pizza and two beers each for about $25.  The Dolla' seems to be a catch-all (I was going to say lint trap, but that sounded unintentionally insulting) for people who want to hang out somewhere on that corner who don't really fit in with any of the other bars right there (Blue Moon, that weird martini bar, Underdogs...).  It's like a neighborhood bar in search of its real neighborhood.
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2009,9/3/2009,57,108,14,16,16>Two visits and I am still shocked at how good and very regular, at the same time, these burgers are.  I think that's what makes them so damn good.  They are pretty much like what I make at home.  The Niagra Falls like gushing of saliva emitting from my mouth as I type this review could fill a standard bathtub.  i wan 2 haz cheezburger NAO!!1!!ONE!1I had the Say Cheese on my last visit and it was just as delicious.  It was so creamy and juicy I had cheese and grease and all kinds of awesome dripping from my hands onto the sidewalk.  Goddamn I love a good cheeseburger.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,9/2/2009,121,1306,18,26,25>Blown. My mind and my senses have been blown. 19 hours later and I am still in shock. I'm hoping this review will serve as some sort of coping mechanism so I can get on with my life without uttering an, "Oh my god..." every five minutes. I haven't had such an amazing dining experience in quite some time. Better still was that it was completely, totally, and utterly unexpected. I anticipated the smell of overratedness. I was wrong.A list to keep my mind on target:1. I'm a sucker for old Victorian houses. Wrap around porches make me weak in the knees. The restaurant capitalized on this beautiful house and retrofitted it into something glamorous and magical. Can I please have it? The colors were rich, the woods dark, everything was polished to perfection. Even the bathroom was the most gorgeous thing I've ever brushed my teeth in. It's classic and sophisticated. 2. The service was the epitome of perfection. They offered suggestions and answered questions as if they lived and breathed exactly what they were talking about. The pace was slow and leisurely--you definitely aren't going anywhere for a while. 3. There were things on that cocktail menu that I'd either never heard of or would never have thought to put together. I opted for the ever-touted beet margarita and was definitely not disappointed. Yellow beet salt on the rim of the glass? Amazing. It was vibrant and punchy. Moreover, you can't go wrong with tequila. 4. I can't get over this food: fresh, local, and creative. Like the cocktails, there were things on here that left me with a "Huh?" but that was half the intrigue. I am drawn to the unique and crazy. The menu rotates, which is reason enough to come often. Bread and flavored salts are the new chips and salsa. We had the chocolate and the lavender. I need more flavored salts in my life. Our server let us know that one of the best ways to get to know their menu was to get a few of their small entrees (most of the entrees do come in two sizes). I picked one. Jenny picked one. Then we used the classic "eeny-meeny-miny-moe." That's how great all of the offerings sounded. Our first entrée came out: the sweet potato gnocchi with parsnip, radicchio, and pine nuts. Dear god. Absolutely amazing. This was easily my favorite of the three. It was bathing in a sea of balsamic brown butter that was perfection. Our server even brought us out more bread so we could adequately soak up every drop. I think every bite was followed by a sigh of awesomeness. It was truly heaven on a plate. The other two entrees came out next. We went with the crusted halibut that came with the pig trotters and potatoes and some sort of awesome yellow sauce. This is definitely one of those places where I order, and by the time it comes out, I've forgotten because the items are so complex. Whatever that sauce was, it was flavorful. The halibut was perfectly crusted and flakey. I, too, had no idea what pig trotters were, but I made sure to look it up when I got home. They were great. It was almost like bits of fatty bacon that lent to the flavor of the amazing yellow sauce. The final entrée was the pork loin that came with some sort of chutney and beans. It was good, but didn't hold a candle to the other two entrees. The flavors were interesting, but they just didn't mesh as well as everything else we had tried. 5. The dessert. We weren't even going to do dessert. We were comfortably full. We ran up a decent bill. We were headed to watch the Blazers wipe the floor with the Suns. While Jenny was touring the gorgeous bathroom, our server slipped two nondescript pieces of paper on the table. The dessert menu. Four items were printed on each one. A quick scan of the items and I knew--we were not going anywhere, at least not until dessert was had. The creativity and sheer genius of these desserts practically popped off the menu. I wanted so badly for there to be a sampler so I could have tried them all. Even the most boring of the four, the dark chocolate and peanut butter cake with preserves, sounded amazing. However, we had three calling our name: the Stumptown custard, the buttermilk blue cheese cheesecake, and the butternut squash crème brulee with candied bacon. How are you supposed to choose between that? HOW? After a long debate, we settled on the cheesecake. Ph-e-nom-en-al. Words cannot even describe how magical this dessert is. I am not a dessert person. I'm just not. Give me that sweet potato gnocchi any day. However, these desserts tug at my heartstrings. I will go back solely for the dessert. I'm not even kidding. The size was huge and the flavors rich. I cannot imagine eating that whole thing by myself. It was to-die-for though. The icing on the cake? Two drinks, three entrees and dessert, plus tip was a measly $60. Not something I want to do daily, but absolutely worth every single penny.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/20/2009,9/1/2009,457,244,35,17,20>I've always considered myself to be a man of my word.  If I say I'm going to do something, you can usually count on it.  This is why my recent actions have left me feeling a bit troubled.  You see, lately I've gone against a long standing promise I had made to myself, a guarantee of certainty rivaled only by a pledge involving the crossing of my heart, a desire to die, all while sticking numerous sharp objects deep into my eyes.  It truly was a sad and regretful day, a day that will be remembered for when I betrayed the person I respect and admire the most...myself.  You see, for years I've sworn that I would never, ever purchase anything from this company, let alone even walk into any of their locations.  But just last week, I did.  And to make it worse, I made a significant purchase. For this, I am ashamed, and to be honest, I feel dirty.  Well maybe not as dirty as I did when hooking up with those hot twin fecalfeliacs at North's Chuck Wagon a few years back, but pretty close to it.  The point being, I went against my word.  And now I will have many sleep filled nights of luxurious slumber because of it.But I am sure it will haunt me in my dreams.Your snot nosed kid will "shush" me over and over, his spit a gusher of contempt as it flies around the index finger of silence.  He is forcing his way into my home, insisting on lowering my already indoor voice to a mute hush, when all I wanted to do is watch TV.  The brother spawn is asleep in your place of business, you best be silent is your message to us all.And the harlot Mother, vamping herself up in order to sell your mattresses, having recently ditched the only redeeming member of the family, the kindly bearded man, for her own fame and fortune.  Now you're just a mattress hustling hussy, who continues to invade our living rooms with your poorly devised ads.And it is for all of this that I had sworn off your low prices, great sales and large selection.Until recently that is, when an influx in refinanced money arrived, new bedroom furniture was purchased and the need for a larger bed arose. A bed with a clean slate and no memories of times best left to the imagination and late night cable.  So I swallowed my pride and visited your 82nd location, and because of your helpful and kind store manager, i am now the proud owner of luxurious Stearns and Foster California King.And while I still feel dirty and ashamed for going against my private promise, I can at least toss and turn in personal self loathing in the comfort of this pillow topped foundation of comfort.  Although sadly due to the "no stain" policy regarding the mattress's life time warranty, those twins from the all you can eat buffet won't be invited over any time soon to help break it in.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,8/31/2009,45,71,24,22,18>If I ever found myself falling in love with a mannequin and spending nights within the confines of a store to hang out with my beloved, I would sure hope that store were Su Casa Imports.1. In addition to the supermarket (a heartwarming selection of things much too awesome for the sad "International" section of most supermarkets), there are both full-scale taqueria and an extensive bakery with case upon case of Mexican pastries.  Because dancing with mannequins makes you hungry.2. There's a jewelry department. Yes, a jewelry department. Dressing up in jewelry is the quintessential activity for mannequins. The last time I swung by I overheard a woman very excited about the blinking light-up rings. Just so you know they have them.3. Since it's an import store, a virtual cornucopia of props awaits you and your mannequin love when you run out of things to do in the wee hours. Think of all the magical photo shoots involving pinatas and Mexican blankets and tamale pots.4. They have everything you miss most from Mexico, like cacahuates japoneses and fresky bon and bimbunuelos and cajeta, and sometimes when you sit in your car and rip open a package to see if it's as good in rainy ol' Portland as it was on the Sea of Cortes, you know you're going to be disappointed but just can't let go. And then you realize that the mannequin is like that sweaty postre de pina you're shoving in your mouth--sure if you close your eyes and think really hard it's just like standing in some plaza with a stray dog peeing on your feet. But you have to live in the real world some time. And you want to wave goodbye to the mannequin, but he/she's just kind of standing there in the window wearing this sombrero and no pants.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,8/30/2009,301,344,8,13,13>Whiffie this, whiffie that......  I can see why people love to flock to the deep fried pie crazy.  Everything on the menu is less than $5 dollars and the pie itself is a generous portion.  Friday night after catching a movie, I trekked over to the hawthorne food carts and dashed for it.  I took caution and parked on the side street, not on the parking lot where I noticed cars were being towed right and left; sigh....  Anyways, there was no one in line at the food cart so I ordered the BBQ brisket.  The order would take about 5 minutes to cook so I snatched a table to wait.Less than 5 minutes later, my order was called and was warned it was piping hot.  I grabbed some napkins so I wouldn't burn my hand.  A couple of minutes later and I took my first bite.  The crust was not rich nor was it dry.  Just the right amount of texture, flakiness, and butter flavor got me hooked.  As I munched further, the meat was very tender and moist.  The BBQ sauce had the right amount of zing of sweet and spice.  The cheese even had flavor after being fried.  As I went back to my car, I saw more cars being towed....The next day, I went to the food cart again before catching a screening of "Taxi Driver".  No line again so this time I  tried the sweet pie side.  The peanut butter cream and chocolate chip was recommended by many people so I ordered it.  Again, 5 minutes time the pie was ready to be devoured.  I had mixed feelings this time however.  The pie retained its great buttery and flaky texture but the sweet sauce was very messy.  I did enjoy it, but I had a hard time trying to make sure it wouldn't land all over my clothes.  I can see why this place is worth checking out; it's affordable, portions are great, service time is prompt, and they are delicious.  Next up is chicken pot pie!
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,8/29/2009,36,146,7,9,9>TAKOYAKI!I thought about just leaving that as my review, but there was so much else that was good about Kurata that I must continue...We came all the way out to Lake Oswego to this tiny awesome Japanese restaurant for my birthday.  We were a party of seven (including two kids).  I called for reservations, which turned out to be a good idea.  This place seats maybe 30 people.  Everyone there was very friendly, though towards the last third of our meal the service became very slow.Now to the food!  Takoyaki!!!!  The takoyaki was very flavorful though not very octopusful.  I would have liked to see bigger/more chunks of tako, but am just happy that it's on the menu!  They have a pretty large appetizer selection that includes chawanmushi!  We ended up getting takoyaki and 5 or 6 sushi rolls (I think they averaged more than 8 pieces per, but don't quote me on that) to start.  The sushi was put together very well, and I thought the rice was of a good consistency.  I think my favorite was the Alaska Roll (Salmon, Crab & Cucumber).  They had some expensive ($10+) rolls that were of the kitchen sink variety that we briefly considered, but they seemed kind of crazy...For the main course we ordered dinners of torikatsu, shrimp & veggie tempura, and some of us ordered from the appetizer menu (kushikatsu, chawanmushi and the special veggie tempura of kabocha and asparagus).  I sampled some of everything!!!  The chawanmushi was very eggy and good.  The kushikatsu was very tender.  The cuts of sashimi in my Kurata Combo A were beautiful and very delicious.  The tempura was some of the best I've had.  The batter was light, tasty and so perfectly crisp.  The shrimp tempura were tender and moist.You must have beverages!  I had my Japanese restaurant usual of water, hot green tea, and cold sake.  The water was... cold water.  Good.  The tea was... sencha from a keep hot carafe.  Meh.  The sake was... Otokoyama served from a tall bamboo carafe w/matching bamboo cup.  Deceptively large!  The sake was of a good flavor (I'd never had Otokoyama before) and the carafe was super cool.  I ordered the small and was amazed how many times I filled my cup.To cap it off they served me two mango mochi ice creams w/a candle.  We were all very full, so was nice that they had cut the mochi for me to share.  It was a really great experience (even if it took forever to get the bill) and I would definitely go again.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2009,8/27/2009,457,356,16,11,11>Nothing really compares with a good old fashioned well organized county fair. I have been to many county fairs from the largest in the world (Los Angeles County) to the smallest (Calumet County, WI) and I have to say that as far as county fairs go, this one fits right in the middle perfectly. Tonight The Wife, The Tax Deduction and I ventured out to the fair to see how my entries in baked goods fared at the.. well... fair. After a small fiasco with the parking attendants where we were routed into and out of the fairgrounds without being waved in to park anywhere having to drive around and explain what happened, we made a bee line to the Home Arts to see how I did. After that (3 entries, 3 wins) we went and ate, the small one wanted a hot dog, the Wife and I wanted the Mesquite BBQ situated conveniently next to the Dairy Women's soft serve ice cream stand. Call it kismet, call it destiny, I call it good eats! We did everything to entertain the Tax Deduction, he rode ponies, found an inflatable Batman figure on a stick we got for him and we went and saw Rabbits and Cows and Goats and Sheep and more. Since he is only 4 we were limited in the carnival section, which is good because carnival people (in fairs, not the cruise ship) just scare the tar out of me, who grows up saying, "I want to be a carny when I grow up."? Maybe have to know the right people? As the evening wound down we toured some exhibits, made some changes to our cable television line up, drank free ice water courtesy of the county water company and I got to make fun of both the Republicans and the Democrats in their little booths spewing lies to the good people of Clark County. A rich and full evening of the highest caliber.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2009,8/26/2009,61,77,8,12,9>you know, i really wasn't sure what to expect from esparza's...when i think "tex mex" i think chevy's and their chips and salsa and prickly pear margaritas. when we walked in to esparza's i knew i was in for a totally different kind of experience.this place has a hell of a lot going on! the first thing i noticed were the creepy creepy mexican puppets dangling from the ceiling and the dark and mysterious vibe. it feels like it should be very smoky and in a scene from some black and white detective movie set on the mx/us border. so they have wild boar meat, and for some reason i wasn't in a very adventurous mood and didn't get it. d'oh! ok ok, next time i promise.i had something boring, like a chicken enchilada. i don't remember it being especially amazing, it certainly wasn't the best enchilada of my life (yes i have one- a restaurant called las catrinas in san jose del cabo- i'm pretty sure i was born again after that meal) BUT i did finish my entire plate and i don't think i was even that hungry! my plate and a couple of negra modelos and i pretty much waddled home, i was so full.i went with a couple of vegetarians, and as i remember there weren't a whole lot of options for them- but the chile relleno was really good! oh! i almost forgot they served a side of mashed potatoes with my enchilada! weird and cool and yummy.all in all, it was a decent experience. the food was pretty good, the atmosphere was pretty weird (usually i'm all about that type of kitschy decor but something about the taxidermy fox just killed it for me) (pun not intended but it stays). i'm glad i went, and i could probably be convinced to go back, buuttt it's not high on my list.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2009,8/25/2009,645,1150,10,17,13>Normally for lunch, I don't foray over the Willamette into downtown, but based on a tip from Katie S. (that she got from Don B.), I decided to give Original Dinerant a shot.   And it was worth the shot!  Amazingly enough, I found out later that Don was in the restaurant at the same time as me.I'm always pleasantly surprised how quick it is to get into downtown Portland (except, of course, when Rose parades are in progress).  And is it always this easy to find parking on the street?  Wow!I was surprised that there was not one, not two, but three nicely-dressed hostesses at Original's entrance at around noon today.   I opted to sit at the counter facing the window looking out over SW Oak St.   Sitting there watching people walk by, I realized that as a collection, the downtown Portland populace is quite a good-looking set!The items on the appetizer menu are the most interesting, and it was from here that I ordered the pigs in a blanket and a lobster corndog.The pigs in blanket was a single sliced frank in a light pie crust-like blanket, served with a rather tart Romano cheese dipping sauce.  Good! Yes, I had to try the lobster corndog even if the price was a breathsnatching $12.  But what a great concept!  You will be pleasantly surprised at how much lobster meat is tucked inside the pronto pup.   And actually, you get two plump corndogs in your order.  One thing to keep in mind when cooking a corn dog is that they are very thick and need to be cooked for a sufficient enough time to heat the interior.  Today, the lobster was not cold, but it could have stood to have been heated longer.   Just ask for extra-well done!Sort of curious - is that while the rest of Original Dinerant is toney in a West Elm/Design Within Reach sort of way (including the dish for my pigs in a blanket), they brought the lobster corn dogs out in one of those cheap plastic red baskets you get at Burgerville.  Yeah, I know that a corn dog is really just carnival food, but still!The iced tea could stand more tea and less ice.  The restaurant is new (I could smell the leather in the seats), so  I can forgive the rather lengthy wait for my food.I definitely plan on coming back to try more of their off-the-beaten-path appetizers.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,11/19/2008,140,143,11,26,14>With the sad closure of Council Thrift (downtown) this year, I returned to my former Favorite for steals on deals, Better Bargains on Sandy Blvd.The perfect time to go is a 1st or 3rd Saturday - particularly when they also have a 50% off day upstairs in the Shop.  1st & 3rd Sat you can get huge bags o' clothing - 35 CENTS an item! That is if you have the stamina to dig thru long tables piled high.  Better than the Goodwill Bins for bringing home lotsa Good Stuff.  Forget Gold's Gym - do some real lifting...the 1st & 3rd Saturday Basement is a VERY GOOD upper body workout...especially if you haul it all home on foot as I often do. To find the Saturday .35 tables area - be brave...1) walk behind the store2) enter a forlorn-looking, fenced parking lot...3) see the (almost hidden) door under the store (past a lean-to shack that looks like an ice-Fishing hut!) - and go right in. You might feel like you've entered a pre-historic cave...but this is it!4) Grab a box by the door and place it on the floor 5) where you begin looking thru a pile - for a fabric you like, 6) pull it out and WOW - it may be just right for you. 7)  toss it in your bounty box, and keep moving.       Dig baby Dig...and8) kick the box along as you go.  Keep moving because it's a big room - full of piled-up bargains awating artful Diggers.8) I always bring giant bags and a roller cart along to haul Loot Home. 9) Donate or Gift unneeded stuff, and anything you can't fix to fit.I left with 4 large bags (loaded to the gills) last time...for under $25 - and when I got home almost everything fit...including items I grabbed for others.  This included jeans, sweaters, evening dresses, cute new underwear, coats, a great bathrobe, curtains, and more. If you are a Thrift Shopper - or just an unstoppable Clothes Horse, be aBetter Bargains basement-dive diva - at least a couple of times a year.  You'll look great.TIPS.It might help to get amped-up a little for the task.There's Britt's Express lane - for Drive-Thru Coffee in the free parking lot, that gives a free cup after 10 visits.  The #12 bus stops outside.  The 71 and Red Line MAX (and connector Buses to the Couv) are close.  A big roller cart, large backpack and sturdy super-size shopping bags - will help you get home if you come by bus.  (Not kidding - you'll load up!)For stamina in the digging operation,  first have breakfast at Bills Steak House, or lunch at the great Thai Pho house, or one of 2 Mexican - or 2 German places - across the street. This fuel will help you get thru all the tables.Some 50% off days are on Fall holidays, and Mothers Day and Memorial Day, in May.  Last trip I took home BAGS of new sofa Pillows to help decorate my new house.  Old bling, good-bye!  Couches, meet your new zing. I also got Fabric Shower Curtains & a Bedspread in perfect condition. Recent 50% off days were Columbus Day, a Harvest Days Sale in Oct.  Do! do the regular 50% off days, upstairs. There's an After Tax Day 50% off Sale, too.There's also: 25% off every Wednesday and Saturday. Srs get an extra 1/4 % off  tags on Mondays.  Bring in re-useable stuff to trade - and get a 30% off coupon, anytime!Watch for 40% and 65% tags daily, Mon-Fri 9-8:30, and Sat 9-7, Sun 10-6pmUpdate:  the #15 Belmont Bus no longer stops across the street.  PS: Women...send your email to the appropriate pdxswap Coordinator's invitation list.  All sizes can join lists at pdxswap.com I've loved pdxSwap events for years now...but I always get a bigger mass of wonderful stuff at Better Bargains.
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,11/18/2008,73,142,10,10,10>I felt right at home at The Maiden, it was a cool place, it had the right amount of everything and the bartenders and waitresses take your order and give you back a stiff drink.  I would go back for the food, I've always wanted to try Basque food, I did have part of a friend's grilled cheese sandwich and it was great!  It's funny how food, no matter how simple, will taste like fireworks-inspired excitement when eaten during a period of slight to moderate intoxication.DJ RNA kept the music rolling and the dance floor packed for most of the night.  When he left the place played Block Rocking Beats and a song by Justice to keep the momentum going.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2008,11/16/2008,3211,1938,16,15,14>Wake me, for I must be dreaming.  Oh I must be dreaming. It's night, and it's dark, and it's surreal, but WHOA NELLY, this ain't no dream. I find myself on a corner lot in SE PDX at 1:30 a.m., amidst a freakshow of drunks and half-drunks and nocturnal SE-ziens, all patronizing what has come to be a little late night cart city.  Beginning with the Potato Champion, who has been holding court from 8pm to 3 or 4 am, Weds-Sat, for a few months now. Add in El Brasero, which has switched to the late night time zone on weekends, and 3 other newbie carts... and... well... I think we've got some drunk-grubbin' options.So I am not drunk, however. I just got done DJ'ing and am surprisingly stone cold sober... but HUNGRY.  Looking for food, and dreading another cone of fries, I head on down to 12th and Hawthorne to see what's up, and what do I find?  THE Q-KING!!!! OH SNAP! So this is what I have been looking for in all my drunken late nights, and the ironic thing is that I find it when sober.I hit the owner up... just open 9 days, and stoked to be there. Open 6pm to 4am 5 nights a week, and lunch on a few days. Serving a rotating set of meats: Brisket one week, pulled pork another, turkey legs another, and....uh, I forgot what came next... you had me at TURKEY LEG!!  Says his brisket sells like... well, damn good brisket would sell, I guess. But no brisket tonight. "So what's your favorite?" I ask."Turkey leg." No hesitation. SOLD! Along with an intriguing side of "tofu nuggets", whatever those may be. Into the chafing dishes go the tongs, out comes a Flintstones sized turkey leg, the skin showing all sorts of seasonings. On to the flat iron grill it goes for some freshening up. While that's going on, my new main man grabs some local Ota tofu, cubes it, and tosses it in a bag with some flour and rub.  Into the little fryer goes the freshly cut/rubbed tofu.  While that's a-fryin, out comes the simmering pot of home made bbq sauce, which is applied to the turkey leg with a house-painting sized paint brush.  Somewhere in this time span I drooled on my shirt.After a short wait, I get a nice wrapped up turkey leg and some fresh fried and basted-with-bbq-sauce nuggets.  I jump in my car and race towards home, the smell of smoky BBQ sauce permeating my non-leather upholstery.  Somewhere in this time frame I drooled on my car seat.I get home and ignore the fact that I have a car full of equipment to unload.  I run into the house, smile plastered on my face, and hand my wife a steaming pile of tofu nuggets.  She digs in. I hear nothing but the reassuring sounds of eating. She murmurs something about "smoky....", which trails off into more eating sounds. I turn to my prize.  Then it all happens. Smoky. Juicy, but not too juicy.  Cooked to perfection.  The only thing wrong with this turkey leg was that it was not attached to more turkey. Seriously. WOW.  I could eat a few of these. For a second, I was convinced that these were actually beaver legs, 'cause dam. I immediately snatch the nuggets from my wife's hands. "You're done, these are mine now" I yell as I run down the hall like a squirrel running to hide his nut. Each nugget is somewhat crispy on the outside, with a flavorful yet light rub, and oh so tofu-y on the inside. Nice and silky. Great combination. Not for those afraid of the texture of tofu, but if you are down, you will love these things.  And that smoky bbq sauce. Even the rub had some damn fine flava. Ungh. Ok, well, so it didn't quite go like that. I let my wife finish before I devoured her leftovers.   But seriously tho, I was thinking about ripping that dish o' nuggets from her hand as soon as I had eviscerated that turkey leg. $8 got me a big-ass turkey leg, a basket of Ota tofu nuggets, and a big s**t eating grin on my face. Now THAT's a deal. Q-king, I am forever a humble servant.I can't wait to try the brisket.
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2008,11/15/2008,241,429,12,13,15>OMG!  They're going to film a scene from a movie here!!!!!Five years ago.Don't let the sign on the wall fool you, that movie sucked and the scene didn't even make it into the DVD extras.The Dockside, however, is full of win.  From the outside it looks, uh, ramshackle I think is the nice word.  But the inside gives no sense that collapse is impending.  And as someone pointed out (in disgust, but I thought it was pretty awesome) there are 8 TVs in there.They seem to close at 8pm on weeknights normally.  Be warned.I didn't eat, but the food I saw looked good.  Jeff's burger looked awesome (in the greasy/crusty category), there were some tostadas a few of the WAG girls had that would have been good with some animal upon them.  Same for the quesadillas.  The drinks were tasty and the service, well, it was just us so it's hard to say what the service would be like on a normal night.I just hope those ritzy yuppie condos going up on the river don't wreck this place.  But they probably will.  Enjoy the Dockside while you can.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,11/14/2008,11,11,9,8,8>They put two fried eggs on a piece of toast with some cheese and a sliced tomato on the side and it was out of this world.how does that happen? i've had all those thing before, but when Broder prepares then and put them in front of me it's like i'm in some pleasure coma that I never want to wake from.Only four stars for the lack of vegetarian items, but i'll keep going back like  a junkie to a dealer who has quality but lacks variety.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2008,11/13/2008,33,107,11,14,14>Everyday this week, I wake up to the realization that I can't go in the kitchen cause the tile is getting redone. The contractors actually put tape over the door as though telling me not to weren't enough.  (We all know I would so go in there without that goddamn tape.)So I waddle down the street and voila!  The Little Blue Waffle Wagon is a checkered oasis of morning delight.  Good coffee, really fluffy messy waffles, and just the most delightful owner on the planet.  I also like that the menu isn't confusing. Plus she walked me through it...-pick a waffle batter (that was easy - the least healthy one please)-pick a fruit or filling (that was extra easy, hello BACON!)-add a topping like whipped cream cheese (also easy...she suggested it and she would know, right?)They're going to stay open late in the warmer months and we discussed some options that would appeal to the, um, late night demographic. Who is feeling lobster and caper waffles with me?  Anyone?
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2008,11/12/2008,187,281,12,17,17>Had a celebratory dinner at Nicholas last night. Very impressed. Stuffed grape leaves appetizer, two vegan mezza platters and a kibbeh entree, all for under $30! And the three of us could not eat it all - there are a couple of meals worth of leftovers in my niece's fridge. Amazing.Huge (did I mention HUGE?) fresh pita. Just sampled the grape leaves and found them outstandingly flavorful. The kibbeh came with a simple, fresh side salad AND with more salad on the entree plate. Perfectly spiced ground lamb with a bulgur wheat topping - I ate it all. Tried the garbanzo dish from the mezza - great texture and garlicky goodness. My companions thoroughly enjoyed their platters.Great service. My caveats are these. The place isn't very big. We were lucky to be seated right away (this on a Thursday around 7:30 PM) but the folks who came in behind us had to wait a while. Last, be aware that they don't take credit cards - checks or cash. Those things said, i heartily recommend Nicholas to anyone looking for lots of food for little money. You will leave happy.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2008,11/11/2008,550,1055,7,12,16>The Artistery basement is a magical place. It's a regular basement where talented musicians can show their true amazing talents and to remind me .... the reason why music is ..... happiness, sadness, sexiness, fun, warm fuzzy feeling in your heart, thumping heart beating, out of body experience, art, love, pain, smile, sorrow, and everything else that comes in between in this journey...so called life...
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,11/10/2008,434,336,15,19,16>Oh how I love you Coffee People! As I go past the Starbucks near security, looking at the line 15 people deep (suckaaaaaas), I know that I can get my large coffee and be on my way. Oh, and your coffee is soooo much better! And your selection of pastries is also far superior.  During the summer, try the milkshakes.  They conveniently have $1 bags of chocolate covered espresso beans and other assorted candies next to the register.The Black Tiger coffee is so yummy and potent, you might not even need an airplane to fly!
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2008,11/9/2008,18,19,8,9,8>I actually heard about Pok Pok from a friend in California who ate there while visiting. This was before I lived in Portland, and she raved about it every time I saw her. I finally checked it out about a week ago. It was in my 'hood. It looked like a fun little place. It was a Thursday, so it shouldn't be crowded. Let's go.We were served by the nice gentleman with the killer mustache. I think he's the face of this establishment. He appeared in a local newspaper article raving about Pok Pok. All this raving was making me nervous.Now Pok Pok, to me, is more of a Thai fusion restaurant, which is fine. We ordered our meals (it's a bit on the spendy side), which included the Chinese Muslim Lamb Skewers ($12),  and a Thai salad for around 10 bucks. We finished ordering ... and then it happened. Someone noticed Ike's Vietnamese Fish Sauce Wings ($11), rated Top 10 dishes in America by Food and Wine magazine. More raves. But we had to try them ... and it was all over.One order turned into another order to go, which led to three orders two days later. So that's $55 spent on wings in two days. But they're really that good--fried, sticky, sweet and spicy (order them hot). We stood there saying, "OK, that's my last one," before grabbing another. My heart still hurts ... not sure if it's because I miss them already, or because I shoved too many fried wings in my gullet. Probably a 3 or 4, but the wings make Pok Pok a 5. Wait ... can I give the wings a 10.5?
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/12/2008,1/25/2009,187,281,16,15,16>I know Brandon, I'm a real dead armadillo's pussy for this, but I can't quite bring myself to give Clay's only two stars and I wouldn't even consider awarding four. Today was our first visit. Liked the decor. Service was fine. I had the pork spare rib platter. They were cooked almost right, but a little overdone. The ends were a little dry, and the meat was a little too fall off the bone for me. Personally, I like a little primal, caveman gnawing action. But it was really the sauce that didn't do it for me. The predominate flavor was vinegar. Not much in the way of either heat or sweet. Meh comes to mind. My wife had the brisket platter. The meat was just right - moist and tender. Brisket is a hard thing to get right and they did it (this time, anyway). But then there is that sauce. Kind of a terrible thing to do to a perfectly good brisket. The slaw was pretty good - a clear (as opposed to mayo-based) dressing with poppy seeds. Tasty. The potatoes and Texas toast were unremarkable.Russell St. currently has four stars from me, but I'm rounding down to get there for them. I hope someday they will wow me up to five. Clay's doesn't come close - I'm rounding up a little to get to three. That said, I'd like to return sometime to try the blackened catfish... Oh yeah, they also have a happy hour W-F from 2-5 I think. $1 ribs and $1 Rainier Ales. I'd have them leave the sauce off the ribs though.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2008,1/24/2009,126,304,7,13,13>This place was quite a surprise. The tiny entrance led into a huge and beautiful dining room. Much fancier than the Indian restaurants I'm used to. Maybe this was the reason that I thought it would be horrible because it would try to be Americanized. We decided to get the butter chicken & chickpea curry to share. The complimentary poppadums came out with the usual suspect dippers of mint & tamarind sauces. Then the food came. The chicken was melt in your mouth & the sauce was creamy & perfect for rice-soaking. The chickpea curry was nicely spiced & hearty. The naan was brushed to a glisten with ghee. It was warm, fresh, and slightly chewy. Dunked in the butter chicken sauce for perfection. My date didn't eat nearly as much chicken as the chickpea & I realized he was trying to become a vegetarian. Opps. At least he was a good sport! Haha. Nonetheless, there was not a drop or bite left on either plates. The waiter was attentive though not the most friendly. He did keep our waters filled though. This place is the real deal w/ great Indian food & look to match! (See pics for the experience.)
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2009,1/22/2009,98,164,21,15,17>In 12 years of being forced to use Kinko's for a variety of printing, paper and computing purposes, I have always been mystified how it is possible that the exact same idiot is employed at every single location throughout the continental US.  Each and every time and location I have set foot in the same dude is there.  You know who he is: serious stoner with a coif reminiscent of an 80's big hair band, monosyllabic, and damn if he hadn't perfected the art of the vacant stare.  Even though he never could get my print jobs right, I did sort of enjoy his killer air guitar performance of Welcome to the Jungle. I am still trying to solve the mystery of one late night in Minnesota while trying to finish Sister's wedding programs, I was forced to go to four different Kinko's in search of the only acceptable wedding paper that was Sister approved.  Stoner dude managed to beat me to each and every location to inform me "ummm....yeah....we don't have that...ummm...paper.  Want to put it on white - that's good for weddings, right?" Sister may never forgive me for those atrocious programs.  Any information to help me solve this mystery is much appreciated.Anyway, while working at home during Arctic Blast 2008 my printer crapped out. I was forced to return and rely on the services of the Kinko's dude.  I hadn't seen him in a while, so I thought maybe he had matured a bit since my last visit. Amazingly enough, stoner dude was nowhere to be found!  In his place was a polite, helpful, tech savvy young lad.  He was up on the lingo, he knew his software applications, and was even helpful with picking out my paper color palates!  I left an hour later with a perfect product and way more free time than expected to play in the snow. Oddly enough, I was still humming GNR for the rest of the day, so maybe stoner dude's legacy lives on in the back room with the dot matrix printers. Kinko's really should advertise that they've upgraded to the Millennial 2.0 employee version.  I would have returned much sooner.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,1/21/2009,189,360,14,19,17>This is the kind of place I don't want to review because already...too many people seem to know about it!If you go for dinner, you're sure to find a bit of a crowd, though we didn't have to wait too long.  First, diners place their order at a counter, then grab any available seat.  They sell wine and beer by the glass and wine by the bottle.  You can get a wonderful bottle of wine for as little as $12 and they'll just open it right up for you. The menu is simple, no-nonsense Italian food - which is wonderfully cooked and tastes of rich olive oil and happiness.  The daily specials are a bit more creative (and more expensive) but are equally fresh and tasty.  Portions were more than generous, the bread was amazing, and overall prices are fairly cheap - especially for the amount of food you get.Water is self-serve and if you want to get dessert, you'll have to go back up to the counter to order it.  So don't head here if you're in the mood for oustanding table service.That being said, this is one of the sweetest places, feeling like an intimate neighborhood hot-spot.  They have live jazz at least once a week as well - which would make for the perfect laid-back romantic date.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,1/20/2009,240,523,8,14,12>I thought we almost won the lottery but alas, we just got seated immediately inside Toro. The wait staff is efficient and courteous though she must be having a moment when she forgot my friend's order of beer. Other than that, the food was tasty. We started with foie gras wrapped in prunes. It was marvelous and weird at the same time.We've ordered several pinchos and tapas. Just to try it out and there was never a dish that disappointed us. They were all tasty and conversation worthy. I think that's why it took us almost two hours eating all of it. Chew and discuss like a specimen.Things that stood out of the table:The nuts- too hard. I feel like chewing on a pistachio but shell. The Paella Toro- the best paella I have in PDX.The cod fritters- on the salty side but it was still good. The Marinated Sheep's Cheese with rose petal harissa and mint - is so good you have to try this lemony cheese. Put a period in your dining experience with a dessert wine and a slice of Molten Chocolate cake. The experience will leave a big smile in your face.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,1/19/2009,36,138,8,8,9>Oh man, this place is GOOD.   I am in a bit of a Phoquest of late, as there are so many Pho places in Portland these days and I'm always looking for something to knock my honkie little socks off.  HA & VL does the trick in a BIG way.  They've been open for a few months and received quick notice in the food blogs and press.  I figured it was most lame to not get off my rear and drive the whole 15 blocks to try them out, so I swung over there for Saturday lunch. What a cool, clean, friendly, tiny little place.  The Peppery Porkball Noodle Soup was one of the featured soups of the day and it was perfect for a crummy, wet, windy day. These guys don't bowl you over with quantity, but the obvious care in preparation is notable and unique to any Pho place I have been to in Portland.  It's like Mom's Pho.  The pork meatballs are very flavorful and the broth is complex and rich, without the slightest hint of greasiness. The owners are VERY sweet and obviously proud of their little place, which got a glowing review in A&E a few weeks ago and they  showed me the feature about HA & VL from this month's MIX magazine. I expected the place to be crammed, but I was in there past lunchtime and was able to waltz right in and order, my soup arriving a a very few minutes. Every day there is a different soup featured and I can't wait to carve my way through the menu. I returned on a Sunday when one of the choices is Chicken Noodle Soup, utilizing organic chickens flown in from Sacramento. (and boy, are their wings tired... bu-dump-pa!)  While it was fairly light on the usual spices and flavorings one gets accustomed to in Pho, this soup tasted "chicken-soupy-homemade-by-Ma" good way.  The charming owners told me I can always call ahead for an order because they always seem to run out before closing time.Just a note. As is the Vietnamese tradition, Pho is common breakfast fare, so HA & VL is open from 8a-4p. Other than the tremendous Seafood Pho at Pho Van, this was the best preparation of Pho I have had in Portland. When I want to pig out, Pho Oregon is always a great bet, but HA & VL are putting out some unique Pho in a city with really good Pho. HA & VL is in a tiny little mall just north of Fubon Market.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,1/18/2009,70,18,12,13,12>I decided that since I've been stuck inside the past couple days due to the "snow storm" (and also partially due to the fact that I'm too afraid to drive myself around for fear of sliding across the ice), I would make myself useful and bake some cookies.  Of course, in the middle of mixing the ingredients, I realize that I don't have enough baking soda. Right. That would happen to me.So, I decided to venture outside and walk to Safeway. Luckily, it's just a few blocks away.  Since I've been away at school, the entire building was renovated...and, it looks amazing.  I hardly recognized it.  And, just like any other Safeway, it had everything that I needed for a relatively low price.  Plus, the employees were all really nice and helpful.Oh, and there's a Starbucks inside now. I'm not a huge fan of Starbucks, but I do love coffee...good job, Safeway! I'm so proud of you!
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2008,1/17/2009,121,1306,24,23,22>Why have 10" when you can have 14"?I know they try to say bigger isn't always necessarily better, but they obviously haven't stepped into the bat cave. Well, it's not exactly sleek and sexy like a bat cave, but it is down some stairs in a basement. Kind of cave-like, right? When they say they've been the best sub shop since 1971, I'd believe it. The decor pays homage to that era like nobody's business--quirky, awkward, and dated.Who cares though? These sandwiches are amazing.  AH-MA-ZING. Fresh, plentiful, and downright messy, just the way I like it. Good luck fitting that baby in your mouth with any shred of grace. It's packed full of every topping under the sun, and sandwiched between some amazing sourdough. The menu has a ton of great options that makes it hard to choose. You can make your own from a list of options, but that just seems a waste of time to me. These guys know how to put together a great sandwich. Trust their judgment! I picked up a BBQ chicken, and found it just as awesome as all the hype surrounding it. I'm pretty sure 'holy shit' escaped my lips, or at least some derivative. It comes wrapped in a tablecloth-sized piece of paper for a reason. I dare you to eat the whole thing and not drop a single topping on it. Impossible, I say! Although that sandwich was perfection, I foresee myself picking something new to try the next time I stop in.If you can't get a spot on the road to park, there is a little lot behind the shop to use, and unless you go at an off lunch time, it could be tough to get a table as the space is limited. I did see a couple of tables outside, too. PS - The BBQ sauce doubles as a lipstick. I looked real cute when I finished.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2008,1/14/2009,122,144,18,13,13>There are some great places on Hawthorne to score gifts.  Presents of Mind, Monkey King, Greg's, ubiquitous Powells to mention just a few... But here's the thing: not everyone on my gift list wants locally-crafted jewelry and $5.00 cards.  Where to go for er, more low-brow goods?Enter The Dollar Scholar, just down the street.  As mentioned in earlier reviews, the squishy splat tomatoes and eggs are pretty neat, but they've got a newer better incarnation: squishy splat mice.  Oh yes!  Jarringly hilarious.  I passed on the faux dirty diaper, but hey, it's good to know it's there if (when?) I need it.I did however buy a pen shaped like poo for my father-in-law's Christmas stocking.  It's gonna be a very special Christmas.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2008,1/12/2009,35,130,11,12,13>I was absolutely not expecting ceviche on the menu at Slow Bar, but there you have it. It's a smoky, dark bar with a punk-heavy jukebox...AND...really good food and an excellent bar staff.  Oh, AND a clean and sweet-smelling ladies room with a gilded oil painting of fluffy kittens! My portobello mushroom burger was drippy (as portobello mushroom burgers tend to be) but complimented nicely by a bit of tomato, mozz and basil. Charming Dining Companion swears by the Slow Burger, and the onion ring I snagged off the top of it is now my favorite onion ring in all of Portland (sorry Ringside). Our order was a bit late coming out of the kitchen (I didn't even really notice), so our server comped a second round of Murphy's. Great place to settle into a cushy vinyl booth for the night!
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,3/19/2008,0,2,8,9,10>Every stinking time I wear my favorite heels from Olive I get so many compliments! I feel like a million bucks. Seriously, if you love shoes and I mean real shoes, not fake sh*t from China, then you will love Olive. Real quality leather, most made by hand, unique styles, I know when I go to visit NYC I am going to bring all my shoes from Olive. On the top end of my budget but I know I will be giving these shoes to my children someday!
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,3/18/2008,143,448,3,8,8>Choice of chocolateWi-fi with a fountain viewCoffee and cookiesCome on....they give you a choice between milk and dark chocolate for your mocha.  Free wifi.  Music on Friday and Saturday nights.What's not to like?  The baked goods?  The signature cakes?All this and its NOT a Starbucks. You have to support it unless you like evil empires.OK...the Mocha cost me a bit more.  But hey...what are you going to do.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2008,3/16/2008,4,23,5,9,7>In the six months I've lived in Portland, very few things have disappointed me. I've met great people, been to great shows, great restaurants, great bars, etc. But until now, this Southern boy hasn't found a good biscuit anywhere. In North Carolina they are ubiquitous--almost everyone's Gramma made 'em from scratch and filled them with eggs, sausage, chicken, even fatback!In Portland though, I haven't been able to find a good one.The Screendoor you say? That's focaccia disguised as a biscuit.Francis in Alberta? Great food, but that's a scone dressed up as a biscuit.Burgerville's "toaster biscuit?" That's more an english muffin than a biscuit.But finally, Pine State Biscuits is open and filling the void!!! You might know these guys. They've been at the PSU Farmer's Market for the past two years and usually have a line 30 people deep waiting for their creamtop buttermilk biscuits. They were even written up in a recent Esquire magazine.Now they've opened a small restaurant on SE Belmont that is amazing.My favorites:"The Moneyball": Biscuit and Gravy topped with one egg over easy"The Reggie": Fried Chicken, Bacon, Cheese topped with gravyThey've even got Cheerwine and Sweet Tea (southern style!) As well as the required Stumptown coffee. I also hear that within the next week they're gonna add shrimp & grits to the menu. Check it out!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,3/14/2008,161,226,11,16,15>Slingshot you've outdone yourself!I've been to the Slingshot before.  I liked it enough.  But I just returned for the first time since their *game room* opened (tadaaaah) and everything's changed.  So I start anew!Now the smoky garage-y bar with awesome deep booths, pinball, and a resident cat (small pumpkin!) that was allllmost worth the trip out to 52nd and Foster, but nearly too similar to the B-Side to warrant the distance, has been strengthened by the addition of the business space next to it, basically doubling (!) the size of the bar.And what does that space hold?Oh, I'll tell you!1. shuffleboard (reason enough, really)2. foosball3. pool4. some old-timey games in the backand the crowning glory (so i hear)...5. air hockeyAND this room obviously creates more space for bodies, so the booths won't always be full and you won't have to stand there awkwardly while people leer at you (who leers, these days anyway? so passe).AND the smokiness has decreased considerably. AND it's awesome.party!
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2008,3/13/2008,66,161,5,8,7>I can finally say I've been to a Pizza Schmizza and I can say that I'm willing to go back.  I had two slices of different types of pizzas and both were delicious and huge!  Each slice was $3-4 so you are getting your money's worth.  I'll have to return there someday to try their other types of pizza they have setting out. Not to mention they also do different pastas but I didn't see all of what they put out.The place is pretty small but has awesome decor. There are a ton of movie posters plastered everywhere (huge range too!) and several TVs throughout the place. One was set to cartoons for any kids who were in and the others were on sports for the parents. So that definitely can add a few positive points to the tasty pizza if you're dining in.Also while waiting for the rest of the pizza to be placed in the large box (4 people x 2 slices each = extremely large box) I looked at their soda fountain selection. I was surprised to see a Sobe flavor in there. I never knew they could put that in fountain form!
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2008,3/12/2008,21,150,2,4,5>It's weird that there's 11 reviews for the Music Millennium that's closed, but none for this one that's been here for like 30 years. It looks like some of the clerks have been working there for 30 years as well - there were at least 3 over-50 hippies behind the counters. Despite that, this is definitely the best record store I've been to yet in PDX (although I haven't been to many, as I'm trying to avoid spending money). Great selection and pretty good used section. For my money, Sonic Boom in Seattle still takes the cake, but MM is pretty dang good.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2008,3/11/2008,16,119,2,6,6>this is a great, bright spot for lunch. same great wings, but this time we expanded our usual order to include the sweet potato fries and the deep fried pickles.fries were excellent, but the pickles! holey moley! I love dill pickles and make them as often as I can. I NEVER thought about deep frying them...now I'm not sure if I can help but think of it every time I see one!we also tried the Lime Cilantro sauce as well as our usual Medium -Spicy Peanut - Jamaican Jerk trio. I think the Lime Cilantro will become part of our usual order from now on.love FOTM!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2008,3/10/2008,56,175,4,11,9>What a great find this is! My son has a ton of food allergies and for his 2nd birthday I wanted to get him a "real" birthday cake (rather than some nasty concoction of my own). I tried 3 other local vegan bakeries and none of them would even attempt to do a frosting without soy milk. So after bitching to one of my resourceful sisters, she got a reco from someone at New Seasons for Sweet Pea. (First of all, I thought my sister tuned me out at this point. 2nd, a solution from New Seasons? Amazing!) After 3 strikes, I was wary but I got a great vibe just walking in the door. I consulted with Lisa (the owner?) and went through the litany of foods to avoid and she didn't even flinch -- she was totally up for the challenge. Honestly, I had low expectations for the cake and to be even more honest, I didn't care what it tasted like at this point. I was just so happy to have someone willing to do it, I placed the order. [drum roll please...]It was perfect. Not only did it taste good but she even decorated it with a sweet fire engine (his current passion). Let me go back a sec, it tasted REALLY good. People even came back for seconds! And my son was so over the moon to have something sweet that was all for him, it was just awesome. So now we've found out he's allergic to canola oil too...Lisa said no problem for next time around. I hope she realizes we're now attached to her for life.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,3/9/2008,29,89,2,4,2>Worth the money!I have gone to Dosha three times since i moved to Portland in the summer.  The first time I cut my hair from mid-back to collar-bone length. The girl did a great job giving me a cut that flattered my face and a color that complimented my skin tone.Next I just got a bang trim that was only $5.Most recently I got my hair cut again.  While the girl who cut my hair -- I can't remember her name now, blast!   All she said was she was going to "pump up" the color and give me a change with the cut.  That was about all that was said. I was pretty dang nervous but when all was said and done I had an awesome hair cut.  She also gave me a hand massage while my color set.  I loved it.  It was $151 for the cut/color and I bought $28 worth of products plus a tip so you do the math... its pricey but I loved it.**update: went on 4/8/08 and saw Jennifer Womack -- she is ahhhmazing! gave me a scalp massage & hand massage.. my cut is fierce ( stylish & funky) with an awesome color.. I ::heart:: her! She might be my new main stylist at Dosha.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2008,3/8/2008,42,37,5,2,4>From my three trips to Cricket Cafe I've observed that two types of patrons frequent this place: the health conscious and the unconscious.The health conscious types are usually on a strict diet, but they still expect a lot of options with just as much flavor. Check.Then there are the poor unconscious types, like me. We crawl in, scribble our names on the list and stumble straight to the coffee bar. Then we study the menu to find the greasiest thing available even before we're seated. Grease comes from three things: cheese, hashbrowns and BACON. The Cricket Omelet includes all three plus onions and it usually gets smothered with gravy. I get it without the gravy and opt for the ketchup instead.The area is cool, the people are cool and the ice water is cold. But what's even more definitive is that everyone comes here because they love food.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,2/3/2010,123,492,13,13,12>"Blind we are, if creation of this clone army we could not see."I figure with the creation of Ping in Old Town, and the coming-soon of the Whiskey Soda Lounge a block away, I better get myself to the original Pok Pok before lines and menus get blurred. I'm so glad I did.  Both times I've been, we arrived promptly at 5:00 p.m., the "geriatric dining hour."  But at a place like this, it's more the Type A dining hour - full of other savvy diners who prefer to eat rather than stand around looking at each other's shoes and complimenting one another on their hoodie selection for well over an hour.  Those fish sauce wings really are everything that "they" say, and the grilled shrimp, complete with all the parts I would never eat, suck out, or twist off  are delicious.  The shrimp is served with the most delicious dipping sauce that starts off as a flavor explosion, and then goes straight to heat - more heat than I can typically handle - yet still I kept eating it because the initial taste was so amazing and, dare I say, pleasurable.I'm actually looking forward to the opening of the lounge down the street.  I would be perfectly set with a couple rounds and those amazing wings (please, please, please let them serve the wings).  I can take or leave the dinner options, but those wings...oh my God those wings.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,2/2/2010,113,108,12,18,16>Deep fried Oreos are my new favorite food!!The wings are large and the sauces are delicious. I haven't been here often enough to have a favorite, but if the taster trays are any indication I'll be eating lots of wings here before settling on a winning one! The Raspberry Habanero sauce was a tasty blend of sweet and spicy. The taster one was more raspberry-y than the sauce that came out on the wings.Someone in our party (thanks, Olivia!) ordered tater tots which was a mini stroke of genius! An order is just $1.50 for a nice boat full with a side of ranch. They were a great compliment to the wings and helped balance out their spiciness. I loved that they were served piping hot, too.The Coke (plus other sodas, water and teas) is self-serve with a great supply of sliced lemons, too. Yum! They also have bottled sodas and juices along with a good selection of beers on tap.I was so glad that we had the deep fried desserts served first. The deep fried Twinkie was warm and delicious for $2.50, and while I will steal a bite (or two) from someone else's (thanks, Sam!), I won't be ordering one for myself. The deep fried Oreos had a great texture - they are soft and a little bit cakey. And I loved the salty-sweet flavor the battering and deep frying gave the cookies. Who knew anything could make Oreos even better than milk or ice cream? At $3.95 for an order of four, it is the perfect treat to share with your friends! (Sorry for eating the last one without you, Sam!)One complaint I have is the live music. The two times that there have been "bands" (a guy and a guitar w/ harmonica one time, and two guys this last time) here at the same time I was here it has been loud and country/bluegrassy. The musicians weren't my cup of tea, but they aren't bad - I liked last night's bass player. It just seems weird that they play at random days during the week.My other complaint is with the layout of the place. I don't like how the counter where you order is right in front of the door. It gets a little bit crowded and hard to see the menu/taste the sauces when there are more than a group or two waiting to order. It can also be a little hard to find a place to sit. There were open tables, but not enough chairs last time we were here, but thankfully seats at the bar opened up before we were all finished ordering/paying. I recommend having one (or two) people in your party scout out seating while the rest of you are ordering.The service is always efficient with differing degrees of good, great or above-and-beyond. Last night it was a little weird... our group ordered separately, but the server took it upon himself to put both of our orders on the same number. It was especially weird since he didn't let us know that he was going to do it.I really like the food, but something that I can't put my finger on usually leaves me feeling cranky and/or unsatisfied when I leave. Last night was the first time (in the 3 or 4 times I've been here) that I left feeling happy and satisfied. Maybe it was the company!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,2/1/2010,33,142,6,7,8>So the other night I had a craving for doughnuts. Not your run of the mill doughnut you could get at any grocery store. I wanted something special. I'd never been to Voodoo before, but I just knew that no other doughnut would do.So, at 10:30pm on a Thursday night, the hubby and I packed up and made the long trek from the burbs to downtown to get ourselves a tasty treat. We were not to be disappointed.After finding some parking (which was an experience in itself... we are spoiled by all the parking lots out here), we entered Voodoo. The loud music next store definitely added something to the atmosphere. We ordered a U-pick dozen and headed for home.The doughnuts were awesome, even at 11pm. I thought for sure we'd get some several hour old selections, but nope... super tasty. We were a bit surprised to find they only take cash, but now we know for our next trip. And believe me, there will be a next trip...
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,1/31/2010,196,203,6,4,5>You guys I seriously thought this place was called Whiffles --- L not an I. Until just now. This is how I have read it a bazillion times and I'm afraid I won't be able to call it anything else.Come on it sounds better. Like Whiffles ball right?Okay maybe not. Really the spelling doesn't matter. These pies are awesome. My husband likes to buy those little pies with waxy paper wrappers from the gas station. I told him "this is what those pies wish they tasted like". But they never will. They are not delicious enough and they lack love.Get your whiffles. whiffies. whatever.  $3 a pop.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2009,1/30/2010,161,226,10,11,9>Oh you know, it's just a pretty awesome vintage store right on the corner of 28th and Burnside (where Lady Luck used to be).Lots (lots) of clothes, pretty killer accessories, a good selection of records, and a killer-dill mural behind the register.Also of note is a pretty good dress collection which clearly sets my heart ablaze! So if you like to party like I do, you'll probably want to check it out.Now, while I was there, the gal who was working was on the phone a good 2/3 of the time I was shopping, talking to someone about tumors or cancer or some heinous disease and I was like "Rats, what a buzzkill!" because it was and because it kinda drives me nuts when salespeople/owners are on the phone the whole time I'm in the store, even if it IS just a hipster vintage store.  But I guess if someone calls you to talk about their tumors/cancer/heinous disease, you can't really be like "yeah, I'm kinda working right now, can I call you back?" but whoa still.It's definitely worth a look, especially if you're interested in sporting a pretty brazen vintage look.  I encourage thee!
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,1/29/2010,99,154,7,12,9>Wow, I love it! Picture this: You're walking down the street past a few food carts when all of the sudden you have this unstoppable urge to halt immediately and turn. What just happened? Most likely, you were about to walk past Built To Grill. The aroma emanating from this little cart is beyond tempting. Once you smell it, you pretty much have to stop and get a bite!After perusing the menu, I settled on the gnocchi. After all, a wonderful portion of fresh-made gnocchi with sundried tomatoes, basil, olive oil, and parmesan cheese served with bread for just $5?? You can't go wrong with that! It was fantastic - I was ready to take my box back and ask for a refill! Built To Grill, how is this the first I've heard of you? I will most certainly be back.There are a few things to keep in mind when grabbing a meal at Built To Grill. One, it's a cart, so bring some cash. Two, they make the food up fresh, so be prepared to wait a few minutes (especially if there's a line). Trust me though, it's more than worth the wait! Three, take me with you, because I can't wait to go back!
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,1/28/2010,645,1150,12,15,16>Welcome to the world of sauerkraut, wurst and schnitzel!Despite being one-fourth German, I confess that I know very little about Germans and their food.Until I was exposed to throngs of German tourists on the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico five years ago, the only Germans I had met were an opthamologist and his wife who were on my paper route that I had in junior high school.The eye doctor's wife was in her fifties and mean as a snake.  She used to scream at me when I went there to collect because I hadn't been putting her newspaper in the mailbox (the Post Office forbade us from doing that).  But this German lady kinda freaked me.  On several occasions, when I walked through her yard to deliver her newspaper (back in that era the Tri-City Herald was an afternoon paper)  I would see that she had closed her living room and dining room curtains, but left them open a crack.  As I walked by and glanced (not peeped!) at the crack, I could see her sort of moving around inside in her bra and slip/underwear.  What was she doing and why did she always leave the curtains open a bit?  Zexy!So the Berlin Inn...it could be your elderly Aunt Hedda's living room.  On the walls are cheap framed pictures (some with cracked glass) of German landmarks.  Empty beer and wine bottles line shelves around the room.  A little rundown.  My first experience with German food (which was today) was the chicken schnitzel, served with bratkartoloff.  I definitely enjoyed this dish.  The schnitzel was a breaded and lightly seasoned filet.  The bratkartoloff were potato pieces fried with onion and bacon.  Delicious!  You can get potato pancakes instead of bratkartoloff, if you prefer.The coffee was definitely not Stumptown, you can get my drift.  My young waitress provided prompt and smiling service.  When I first arrived they were playing classical piano, but when I left, they had switched to a more lively polka.Dinner-style entrees are not cheap, mostly over $20, but they look delicious and I would like to come back and check some of these out.   I might pass on the rosemary rolls they offer though.They devote the back page of the menu to several gluten-free options as well as a number of vegetarian dishes.  They did have vegan options, but they were meager (a couple salads and one spinach dish).Berlin Inn is definitely a pleasing and unique dining option here in P-town.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,1/27/2010,52,115,26,11,15>This shit will heal you when you are in the depths of the bubonic plague. Trust. For 5 days straight I went to Pho Van and got the #8 (lean brisket pho), piled the mound of yummy veggies and spices atop it and left with rainbows shooting out of my ass. I swear to god this shit is healing medicine! The fountain of youth! Don't let the freakish industrial architecture (along with the overpriced neighboring retail stores) scare you off. The staff will take care of you when you're feeling like a huge, wet blanket. Take it from the biggest and wettest of all. This year, give the flu season a middle finger.  Throw your vitamin C tablets and antibiotics at your cat, eat a few Vicodin, and stroll on over to Pho Van! Your body and mind will thank you for it.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,1/26/2010,109,677,15,19,17>Officially my second favorite Lincoln, after the 1961 Lincoln Continental, obviously.  How had I never been there before?!  Limping down the street in dangerously tall stilettos in pouring rain, we ducked into Lincoln, and were met with open arms and smiles.  Seated right away in a cozy booth in the back, our server was all sorts of lovely and we had menus and drinks in mere seconds.  Needing copious amounts of time to make our choices, we started with a couple of appetizers, the baked eggs and assorted fritters.  Both were crazy good.  The fritters were light and airy, dusted with a bit of cheese and accompanied by a citrusy dipping sauce that I could have eaten straight with a spoon.  Oh, why say "could have"?  I'll admit: I did it.  Entrees on the table included steak with cornmeal onion rings, lamb with polenta, and tagliarini with porcinis.  My pasta was so simple yet so, so delicious.  Super thin noodles, cracked black pepper, the mushrooms, and just a teeny bit of pecorino.  My dinner dates were equally as pleased...  I don't know if I've ever seen Neal W take down that much red meat before!  While we were really happy with everything (aided with a glass of bubbly, of course), have to say the stand-out dish of the evening was actually one of the sides- celeriac and chard gratin.  It was absolutely incredible, so many of my favorite tastes in one hot little crock.  Celeriac is a much-ignored veg... don't see that at restaurants too often.  Capped off the meal with a chocolate pot de creme... the chocolate itself was super, but the roasted apples on top were a little weird... I dunno about apples and chocolate.  Interesting idea, though.  I could not pass up a cocktail called "The Don Draper", which was ok, but I'll stick to keeping my bourbon by itself, on the rocks, next time.  Food- awesome.  Service- awesome.  I spied on the hot kitchen staff for a moment, waiting for the restroom and can confirm they are running one tight ship back there.  Thumbs up for Lincoln, hope to see you again.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,1/25/2010,121,1306,20,21,19>Social hour isn't very social.It's because I spend all that time stuffing my face with all the fabulous HALF PRICE plates of food. It's not even an hour either. It's an hour and a half. I wonder who Lucy thinks she is that she can just straight-up lie like that and think we're not going to care.Oh, that's right; it's because of that food. It's just amazing. These aren't skimpy little plates either. You can definitely make meals out of this stuff. The menu is small-ish, but touches on a little bit of everything. It's not grease laden, and it packs a lot of flavor. The drinks aren't super out of this world as far as deals go. They have a couple special cocktails of the day, discounted beer [of which there are only a couple], and discounted house wines. Really though, with the food, it doesn't matter what the cocktails are.However, they had an amazing espresso martini concoction that was out of this world. They used the Crater Lake hazelnut vodka, and that, coupled with espresso, was the smoothest drink I have tasted in a long time. Now on to the good stuff: I had a hard time not ordering the whole menu. There really wasn't a bad thing on it. We limited ourselves to two plates a piece to share. Of the multitude of tasty treats we had pomegranate glazed ribs, corn dogs, wild boar ravioli, and goat cheese ravioli. Each one did not disappoint, either. I would happily eat everything again. The four ribs were falling off the bone, a must for the new addition to my mouth. The two corn dogs weren't greasy, not overly breaded, and came with homemade ketchup and honey-wasabi mustard. I love that mustard. They're lucky it didn't come in its own container, or it'd have likely "fallen" into my bag. The raviolis [four per plate] were both equally awesome; however, the boar had a weird citrusy sauce that I wasn't a super fan of. The price of all of that, plus an espresso martini, a pint of Mirror Pond, and tip, for *drumroll* $25. That's it.And I was reasonably full. [We'll ignore the part where I went to Weinerschnitzel a few hours later]The only caveat to this place is the size. The bar is the size of a small living room. If you don't get there at 5pm for a table, you're not going to get one. We walked in at 5:15 and got two of the last four seats at the bar. None of it opened up the whole time we were there. We got lucky considering it was a Friday night. The overall ambience is comfy-cozy without being too over pretentious with dim lighting and mood music. The dining room is the same, and boasts an equally amazing sounding menu--only you're looking at $15-$30+ a plate. Ouch! However, for a special occasion, I might just consider it.The hour of socialness is where it's at. It has that fifth star waiting in the wings. Another trip and I have no doubt it'll magically find its way to the rest of its friends.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/9/2007,9/30/2007,41,45,2,3,1>It's hard not to love a place devoted entirely to cupcakes ... but I merely like St. Cupcake. It's the frosting. I just don't - at all - care for their frosting. It's way too much, way too fluffy in a not-great Twinkie filling way. I usually scrape off 3/4 of the frosting - and I'm a girl who NEVER scrapes off frosting. I do adore their bite-size cupcakes and their flavor variety. It's a fun place and I definitely recommend stopping in for a cupcake or six ... just approach the frosting with caution. :)
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2007,9/29/2007,86,194,,5,4>This was the perfect spot for an afternoon with my 8 year old daughter. If you are not a Portland native, it's a little tough to find. After a couple of wrong turns we found our way bumping down a small road past Sellwood Park, and finally into the gates at Oaks Amusement Park.If you are going to ride more than a couple rides, then a bracelet is the way to go. Since admission to the park is free, we "splurged" on the $14 deluxe bracelets. Though she was an inch shy of the height requirement for the "Looping Thunder" roller coaster, a few rides on the "Screamin Eagle" blew the tears right off her face.Lots of other rides to enjoy for all ages too. I think I left my tummy on the "Round Up". We went faster (forwards and backwards) on the "Rock N Roll". And the "Zoom" coaster, though located in the kiddie area, was surprisingly thrilling.Even though it was a beautiful summer day and the park was crowded, the wait for even the most popular rides was short. It was a refreshing change from the memorable queues at Disneyland and other theme parks. I think the lines at the food stands were longer and slower! There are plenty of places to get some shade if it's a sunny day. The ride operators and staff seemed really friendly and happy to be there. The people watching opportunities are remarkable. The midway games are geared towards the younger set, and my daughter was the proud winner of a stuffed snake.All in all, a great place for a family outing! We will be back with the rest of the crew... soon!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2007,9/28/2007,329,1795,3,4,4>PGE park, you are as cute as a button and a true delight.  As A's season ticket holders, we were sad leaving the Bay Area.  No more Oakland Coliseum, no more traffic on 880 so we never got to the game before the 2nd inning, no more 8 dollar beers, no more dodging the drunks on the way home.  No more watching fights at the BART station after the game.  We must have gone to over a hundred games there.  Watching on TV just isn't the same.We moved to Portland and discovered the Beavers.  Off we go to PGE Park for our baseball fix.  Even for a sports deficient uneducated girly girl such as myself, I can tell the difference between minor and major league baseball.  Minor league is amusing.  Major league is good.  But so what, it's baseball, and PGE Park does its best to put on a good show.  The seats are comfy (would be better with cup holders) and the management lovely.   The first time we went my seat was broken and I sent a letter nicely saying they may want to fix it and I got four free tickets.  So we went back and it was "Bark in the Park."   What a great night!  Of course, the food is expensive and not so good, and the beer is tremendously overpriced, so we left halfway through the game and had dinner somewhere else.  We enjoyed the t-shirts being catapulted into the crowd by the Beaver.  The fireworks on the 4th of July were small but fun and the catapulted hot dogs were a riot.  PGE Park could not be easier to get to; we take the MAX in and it's a tiny walk (quite unlike the hike from BART to the coliseum).  Things to avoid:  Don't sit right behind the concrete wall separating the field level from the lower level, it radiates heat and has much less leg room.  We moved to regular seats and were much more comfortable.Sometimes balls get lobbed into the crowd for no discernible reason.  Heads up or you may get your noggin knocked.  Don't buy beer there.  There are a couple of dive bars in the area that have game day specials, so get your beer on before the game.  Much cheaper.  There's a ticketmaster surcharge for buying online.  Just buy at the box office, they always have plenty of tickets and save yourself a few bucks.Overall PGE Park is a great little stadium and we have a touch of Beaver Fever!   I would definitely take guests there for a fun, cheap day at the ballpark.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,9/27/2007,45,71,3,6,3>You know that feeling you get when you've just passed through the gates of Disneyland and you're hit with the overwhelming equation of so many rides and so little time? And you want to run a little bit,  but you don't want to start a riot or anything, so you slow down but you're still suffering from such severe sensory overload you have to remind yourself to calm down so that you can properly appreciate what's right around you? Maybe? That's how I feel walking through the doors of House. It's massive. And crammed with treasures, from vintage furniture, to clothes, to shoes, to tchotchkes, to roller skates, to bad paintings, which kind of equals my idea of heaven. You won't be able to properly look at everything in one trip. You're only going to hurt yourself if you try. If you're anything like me, you'll dart from one dealer space to another, drooling a little bit, trying on shoes, fondling gauzy dresses, calculating your ever-growing grand total in your head, and getting a little light-headed from all the heavy breathing. I love this place. I love this place. The prices are refreshingly fair, the staff is terribly friendly, there are fitting rooms so you can actually try things on, and there are plenty chairs and couches around for when your head starts spinning from the Disneyland feeling.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2007,9/26/2007,295,160,13,13,9>5 stars because they serve jajangmyun!I am freaking obsessed with black bean noodles.they. are. taking. over. my. life. o_O;When I sat down with my friend and askedfor jajangmyun - the waiter kind of gave me the eye.Like -- "Did she just say that?"And then I ordered a side of kimchiand that really got the eyes twitching.And then I asked for an extra pair of chopsticks,and the poor thing had a heart attack.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/18/2007,9/25/2007,3211,1938,31,32,16>Oh, L&C law school. You soul sucking institution of graduate studies, you football-team-less bastion of higher learning, you wallet damaging bank-account-draining student-loan-burdening enclave of hive-mind leftist group-think.... I love you, and I hate you, all at the same time.  (I think lefty, but this place leans even left of me)I agonized over whether to give this place 5 stars (for the high quality of education and beautiful forested setting in Tryon Creek State Park) or whether to give this place 0 stars (for charging me $30K/year to suck my soul and turn me into a mechanical law-tobot).  So, being the indecisive guy I am, I give it a 3.Ranked somewhere near 70th on US News law school rankings, the Northwestern School of Law at L&C is the only law school located in the Portland Metro area.  The school happens to be one of the top 2 environmental law schools in the nation (and its located in Portland, go figure).  Therefore, a majority of students attending L&C do so for the top-notch environmental law program.  The rest of the students are there either out of convenience (being the only local school), because this is the best school they could get in to, or because they went to Reed, and can't handle the harshness of life in the real world quite yet. Regardless, its a private law school dispensing top notch education and providing a steady stream of qualified graduates into the already over-burdened legal market in Portland/Seattle. As such, L&C Law does exactly the job it is supposed to do.  The faculty at L&C are quite accomplished, and include probably the next AG of Oregon, a drafter of FISA, authors of numerous texts commonly used in law schools nationwide, crusaders for justice, federal prosecutors, bankruptcy judges, and various other highly accomplished and incredibly brilliant human beings. Of course, as with any school, it has its fair share of under-accomplished/overrated profs, but that is to be expected anywhere.Law school is a special place, full of special (mostly freakin' insane) people, stressing themselves to the hilt in a futile quest to be leader of the pack (a pack of born leaders).  While L&C preaches against the traditional notion that law school is all about competition, if you fail to compete, you will NOT be getting any of the following:A good jobA good gradeA good recommendationEtc..Don't believe the hype. This is a law school like any other... maybe a bit less cutthroat than others, but that really depends on who you are talking to. I chose L&C Law over Temple (out in Philly). Temple was ranked about the same at the time, but its in Philly. While the cheesesteaks were enticing, I made the heart-healthy decision to stay here in beautiful PDX and attend L&C. I cannot say that I am disappointed. If you separate the "law school" aspect from the school itself, its a magical fairyland, quite divorced from reality, nestled in an idyllic setting up amongst the treetops in the clouds at the top of the hill. When you consider that it is a law school...well, any law school sucks (go spend 3 years there, you'll see).  I can't wait to be done, but I am going to hate leaving. If only education were free in this country, I would be preparing to get my LLM.If you are hell-bent on going to law school, then I would recommend this school. Especially if you love Portland or are into enviro law. If you have not already made the fateful decision to go to law school, let me be the first to warn you - your soul is not worth that much. Save yourself now while you have the chance. Turn away from Palatine hill and RUN! RUN FOR YOUR LIFE!!!!!
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,9/23/2007,14,53,,2,3>By far one of the best places to go on a Tuesday night!! They have a fine selection of bottled beer for two dollars what a sweet deal! The bartenders are always friendly and always willing to help. They have great knowledge of the beer they have on tap/freezer and are great with their recommendations. Beer is their specialty. They do how ever have a full bar for those non beer drinker, and the drinks have always been well made.This place has some of the best pub food around They have amazing burgers, "The Great Onishe" is my favorite. They have huge portions of fries that come in two styles Cajun and regular.They have a good selection on the juke box and free pool! Don't miss out on one of Portland's finest pubs! I love this place and have many fond memories here and plan to make many more here come down and join me!
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2007,9/22/2007,23,0,5,4,4>I love you, PDX.  I do, I really do.  Free internets, cheap alcohol whilst you wait, Powell's Books all over the place, etc.  I'm currently at the airport and have already ran into a very good friend, used the free internet for over an hour, and gotten drunk.  You wonderful, wonderful airport...p.s. The MAX to the airport is the bestestest.  p.p.s. If you're ever in a rush, check in at the D, E gates instead of A, B, C - skip the lines!  Shh, don't tell the secret.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2007,9/21/2007,1,63,2,5,2>I've only been here a couple times, but I can already tell the local business lunch crowd loves this place. So do I. The sandwiches are wholesome, hearty, and large enough to fit inside any respectable stomach; few things I hate more when I eat out are those crackpot owners and cooks who think quality entails Gerber-sized portioning. This isn't France! The hummus and baba ghanouj are both very tasty, and you can actually taste the cucumber in the tzatziki sauce. Not only that, but the rice is nice and fluffy, like a little cloud lazing a balmy Summer afternoon away in the upper troposphere. Don't forget to wash it all down with some Moroccan iced tea, which has that mint flavor I've come to know and love.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2007,9/20/2007,66,161,2,3,2>Mmmmm! Everything I have had from here is delicious. Pepper bacon, ribs, chicken, kabobs and the list goes on.  There are so many different things to choose from that you could stand there for ages trying to figure out what you'd like to take home for dinner. Get ready for a long wait!  Just because it can take awhile to decide you may be standing there holding your number for a good 10-20 minutes before you get helped. They are very well staffed and all of them know their stuff! If you really like the flavor of the marinade then you can get several different size jars to take home. I recommend this if you cant make it to the meat market that often or you want to avoid the crowds!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,4/11/2014,121,1306,6,17,12>I cannot believe they let us push our meal out three hours without a single dirty look. We showed up right as they opened up the dining room; actually, they were still in their pre-dinner staff meeting, so we headed to the bar. I only had a sip before we were seated, though. No wait. No line. Walk right in, and sit right down. It was perfect. The menu is almost too much for me. Every single thing sounds great. Come with people that like to share things with you. That's the only way you're going to be satisfied, I'm convinced. The plan of action is simple, or something from (nearly) every menu group. Sit. Converse. Watch plate after plate of delicious food head to your table. The service is seriously stellar, handling indecision, tables with children, and plates with a single bite left without hitch. The suggestion came to get the smaller salad, not the bigger one, for the table. No upsell? Where am I? Saving room for dessert, that's where. The food seems to come out in a much better stream than I've had at the other Tasty. The menu seems slightly more adventurous (my favorite), and something for everyone. From the whiskey cocktail, raddichio salad, charcuterie board, apple brined pork chop, and grilled broccolini to the chocolate potato donuts and coffee I was seriously satiated on all fronts. Perfect. Perfect. Perfect.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,4/10/2014,101,508,4,14,7>I'm pretty damned impressed with this place. I had no knowledge of the MWL, but a good foodie-friend had read about it's opening a while back. Once it's presence was made known on Portlandmonthlymag.com, she insisted we make it our mission to find. She doesn't do YELP, but mentioned that if she were to write a review, she would mention that it's not really somewhere to meet new people. I would have to agree. It's somewhere you meet up with people you already know. It's very intimate, as I would have expected. My visual before going was a bunch of sophisticated old men, sitting around drinking whiskey and smoking cigars. Instead, the bar was filled with a set of well dressed 30-50 year olds. The 'Library" decor consists of floor to ceiling walls of whiskey bottles and the servers use rolling ladders to get to them. The chandelier in the center of the room is gorgeous and gives a feminine touch to an otherwise masculine atmosphere. Seating is mostly comprised of sofa's and coffee tables, so I felt like you stepped back into a Humphrey Bogart movie and was in a large den of some old mansion.I printed off directions and was able to find the very discreet entrance rather easily. Once through the hall and up the stairs, I was put on a 60-minute wait list. Considering I have waited that long for the Spaghetti Factory before, I was willing to wait that long for a fine establishment like this. The gal that took my name suggested we get a drink elsewhere and got my number, saying she would call when our table was ready. Like clockwork, my phone rang in 60 minutes and we were shown to a sofa in front of the fireplace. 2 of us sat on the brick hearth (we'd been offered chairs) and 2 got the couch. We were off to a really good start, considering I'd seen reviews from the night before - where people were told the wait could be up to 3 hours. My drink order was the "Toronto". All I really cared was that it was made with whiskey and would be slightly sweet. The menu said it was flavored with honey. I could taste that, but there was also a slight tinge of cinnamon. Normally, that would be great, but that nasty cheap "Fireball" whiskey had ruined me on cinnamon, so - in hindsight - I would have ordered something else. However; the servers bring a rolling cart to your table and make your drinks in front of you, which was a very nice, personal touch. So that I would be okay to drive (the drinks are rather strong) I ordered their mac and cheese (it's called something cooler, which I can't remember). Yum! It was sprinkled with ham and was super cheesy, just the way I like it.Before we knew it, 2 hours had passed. Time flies when you are having fun. Good company + lovely surroundings = immensely enjoyable evening.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,4/9/2014,127,273,6,13,8>Pupusas here better than the one's my mom made - that's how damn good they are.  I can never decide what to get here, since I want to eat all the Salvadoran goodies and there's only so much room in my stomach.  Salvadoran tamales? They're made slightly different, taste (in my opinion) slightly better than the average tamal. I get a chickan tamal, a cheese pupusa, a bean n cheese pupusa, a sweet empanada, some horchata, and then they have to roll me home because I am totally explosively full.This is a great cart especially in the summer - music playing, families everywhere, sometimes the tv is out, it's like a picnic in Sonsonate.  Please eat this food, please tip them well, and please try pupusas with cheese and lorocco.  This has been a PSA from the your local Salvadoran Portlander.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,4/8/2014,107,287,9,14,12>So are you capable of being more awesome? I somehow doubt it. Thanks for the good times tonight. Burger is incredible. I followed it up with the watermelon radish salad which probably wasn't necessary (that burger fills you up) but is a dish I'll be dreaming about over the week. They also gave me a sample of the brussels sprouts, which is not a vegetable I normally think about eating, but was literally incredible. Seriously. I texted people about it. Anywho. American Local is awesome. And I'm a better person for it being closer to my house.
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,4/7/2014,108,393,5,11,9>I can't say better things about Little Bird. From the Service to the food, ambiance to price, it was a Valentines home run. My guy and I showed up with no reservation around 9:30 and were seated right away with a complimentary  glass of wine. We both adore oysters, so we ordered two "Fat Cows" served with a chile dip and shaved horseradish on ice. They were so tasty we ordered a dozen more. The daily Charcuterie board was the best I have had in Portland so far. Chicken liver mousse, Espelette Terrine, etc. Everything was very tasty and we ate it all. My guy had the burger and he said it rivaled his Portland favorite, the Clark Lewis burger. I felt it was slightly better (and not bad at $9 for HH). I had the roasted Marrow bone with Chorizo and calamari. I thought the looks I got from our table neighbors where of confusion and slight disgust at the sight of me scraping marrow out of a giant bone, but I am going to sum it up as jealousy. Kiwi sorbet and coffee finished us off, and we both agreed to come back for our next special affair.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,4/6/2014,111,385,1,19,5>I finally caved and stopped by Chez Dodo to see what all the hype was about. If you trust the reviews, this joint is the best food in all of Portland (even when compared to the likes of Screen Door and Le Pigeon). I have to say I'm inclined to believe the hype, but at the same time I have to set the record straight. This is not the best restaurant in Portland.But are they the best Mauritian food in Portland? Are they the best African food in Portland? Might they even be the best food cart in Portland? I'm inclined to say yes.Chez Dodo is probably the only place to get authentic Mauritian cuisine in Oregon. Mauritius is the island off the coast of Africa that the dodo bird was native to prior to being hunted to extinction (hence the cart's name). The cuisine is a nice mix between Indian, African, and European influences.Shayam's giant "Shayamosas" make a great appetizer, but make sure you have at least one other hungry mouth to share it with. The entrees are generous. Strike that. Entrees are GIGANTIC. For $7-9, you get a ridiculous, delicious pile of pan fried noodles or rice and meat or veggies.Currently, it seems like Chez Dodo isn't equipped to handle the demand for their product. If you're coming in during the lunch rush, expect to wait substantially longer than you would at any other food cart (up to 30 minutes). But if you can bear the wait, you will not regret it. This is literally as good as it gets.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/5/2014,349,547,14,12,10>I'm not so sure what I think of Horse Brass, which is probably why it's taken me so long to review it. It's a decent spot with a great selection of beers, but the vibe and the service, to me, fall short. I live in easy walking distance of both Belmont Station and Horse Brass (back off stalkers, I'm not even cute!); I sure wish that I liked either better than I do. Here's the deal: They've got a standard list of about 20 beers, and then a rotating set of another 20. Ordering can be a little haphazard--when a beer's gone, it's gone, and they don't always update the menu particularly quickly. There are a few odd ducks on that list of standard, always-available beers. I was excited to try the Walking Man Cherry Stout, which ended up being gross city USA. I'm also averse to Terminal Gravity's brews, but that might be because their weird logo looks like a Twins send-up to me.If you're looking for rare beers, this is a good spot to find 'em. A Russian River brew isn't too tough to find here, along with exciting collaborations (including, currently a Cigar City-Widmer collab--TPA represent!) and special one-off beers. They update their website with current offerings regularly. The bar is done up in the style of an English pub, but it's more spacious than those on the other side of the pond. I've never had trouble finding a seat, but placing an order and getting your beer in a timely fashion is a tall request here, it seems. They've got darts, too.The food is standard pub fare. The pot pies look delightful, though they don't have a vegan option. The potato wedges/fries are divine, fries v. tots Yelp drama notwithstanding. There's room for all potato varietals in my life/on my thighs.Horse Brass is a 3.75 star kinda bar for me, and I'm tempted to dock them down to three stars for their most heinous transgression: In the bathroom, in lieu of paper towels, they have those disgusting shared towels for hand drying. I'm no germaphobe, but these things freak me the fuck out, and I'm pretty sure they're a health code violation. BYO paper towels, y'all. Yuck. Despite it all, Horse Brass is a pretty fine place to stop in for a beer or five.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,4/4/2014,113,92,5,12,8>Apparently we are on a quest to taste all the pizza in Portland.  East Glisan is certainly a great addition to the Portland pizza craze!We went the first time on a Sunday night and the place was pretty busy.  Got a couple seats at the bar and a tasty cocktail.  You should try the dark and stormy!  We ordered the eggplant fritters and a couple of small pies.  Food took a little which is understandable when half the place filled up with people all at the same time.  Ramona and Todd were busy, but great to talk to and the fritters and pizza were awesome.We came back with a friend the other night and had a great experience.  Great people to chat with, awesome service (more dark and stormies), and more awesome pizza.  Go give this place a try!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,4/3/2014,223,255,6,8,8>Came in about 8:30 on a cold and rainy night or as we call it here in Portlandia, "Another Night". Good bar crowd for being late night and icky outside. Must be the neighborhood crew.Several Flat Screen T.V.'s playing a Blazer's Game. So I sat down and ordered a French Dip on a Toasted Hogie Roll with Swiss Cheese melted on the Beef (yum) with Roasted Garlic Au Jus and Tater Tots. Came out fast and very hot. Pretty good. (I think I'm burnt out on Dips for a bit. That's OK. cuz Laurelwood has a good looking menu. I have friends who live near here and I know I will be back. Never mind I drove across town to eat here.)Laurelwood Brewing Co is cool on several levels. Like, You can buy all their paraphernalia from Hat's , T-shirts or Ski Caps.OR Maybe your thirsty, At Laurelwood Brewing Co you can Buy Beer they make "AND TAKE IT HOME"! What? IKR.The staff all seem nice and on top of things. Service is key. There are Lot's of seating options. In better weather! There is a couple seats with a bench out back AND a Rooftop seating area. I think they call it The Brewers Den.All in all. I like the Laurelwood Brewing Co and will be back, again and again and again and again.......
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,4/2/2014,11,71,8,10,7>I'm a slacker when it comes to current events, it's true. Kind of why I'm confused with this place. It seems just like Bakery Bar, back when Bakery Bar was good. And it has almost the same menu as Bakery Bar, back  when Bakery Bar was good.Ignorance aside, today was the second trip here, and goodness, very satisfied! Today was breakfast burrito day. I watched in anticipation as the cooks made my burrito. I saw it go onto the panini press and my heart sunk a bit! It looked pretty dang small, but I WAS about 25 or so feet away. The friendly man came over and handed it to me and I wasn't expecting how heavy it was! My arm MIGHT have dropped a bit, just a BIT. I was honestly a little scared to tackle something SO dense. What are you trying to pull KK, some kind of shady "disposal of heavy metal into unsuspecting diners food" scam? No, no what they're trying to pull is meaty, eggy, potato-y awesomeness wrapped up in a little flour blankie is what they're pulling! Visit number one was a sausage, egg, and cheese biscuit with a side of taters. I remember the same sandwich and  side of tater from Bakery Bar, back when Bakery Bar was good. And it's still good! They have pump your own coffee( why the State trusts us to pump boiling hot liquid but not flammable liquid blows my mind!) that could be brewed a bit stronger, but with food as good as what they're selling, pfft, I'll brew my own roofing tar! Haven't had the pizzas yet, if they're as good as the breakfast grub, then YAY! Plus, location, location, location! KK is only three blocks from my apartment!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,1/31/2014,6,26,3,11,12>What is more magical and lovely than a quaint house full of new and used books from floor to ceiling?  Maybe if they have cats! And last time, I saw one :)  The only way this could get better is if a cute thirty something available man who loves cats as much or more (now I'm asking for the impossible) worked there KA-CHING!  Seriously folks, lots of great books for all tastes, at excellent prices. The staff is knowledgable, friendly, and helpful, and don't try to rush you out or push you to buy a book.  You say Sellwood is too far to go?  True, but treat yourself to some books and hit up Oaks Bottom for totchos and a beer or Nectar for some frozen yogurt too.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,1/30/2014,61,111,11,16,13>This is not your fancy supermarket. It is a seafood market that has fresh seafood; clean and with helpful people. First time I shopped here was after going to ABC seafood market down the street because they were out of mussels there.  Right away I could tell he difference in cleanliness.  OM seafood market was cleaner. Especially the smell.  The young lady there was very helpful and when we told her were driving to the beach a couple of hours away she packed all our seafood in ice  to make sure they didn't spoil. Mussels; clams and prawns were all a hit and made the paella I was cooking a hit with my friends. We went back there to pick up some live lobsters and they were delicious!  Again great service and very friendly.  They just had some live king Alaskan crabs come in that looked awesome!  Next time I will be picking some up for sure. If you want fresh seafood that is normally half the price of the regular stores, check them out.
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,1/29/2014,73,149,15,12,12>A pie shop in my building? Oh, no. These woeful skinny jeans.I stopped in here yesterday afternoon to try a slice, expecting more of a coffeeshop ambiance than the more structured restaurant feel that this place has. But that's okay, because it's far more than a pie shop - it's a legit restaurant, wherein most items on the menu just *happen* to be encased in flaky, buttery, delectable, dietarily regrettable crusts. There are savory pies, salads, pasties galore, as well as a whole variety of sweet pies that you'd expect, and some that you wouldn't. Everything is so fresh, flavorful, legit local, and very Portlandia, and that'll keep me coming back for more. It was slow when I stopped in, and the very friendly staff seemed fine with my desire to sit at the bar and nibble on pie, sip some Stumptown, and begin my boring task of penning obligatory Christmas cards to relatives. Since they weren't weird about it, I can see this becoming my late afternoon dreaded task mitigated by delicious treat (and beer!!) spot. The only issue is that there's no wifi. And there are happy hour specials that seem like quite a steal! The bartender forgot to ring mine up as such, but no biggie, overall there's really smoothly functioning service for having just opened. Great music playing, too.RIP, coronary arteries. I barely knew ya.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/28/2014,40,150,5,9,5>I needed to get some fingerprints done for a job, and this place seemed to be the only one open on weekends. I'm glad I came here, because not only was it 50% cheaper than going to the police station ($10 if you bring your own card), the lady who helped me was very knowledgeable and knew how to fill out the paperwork for my particular position.  She also worked very quickly while still holding a pleasant conversation. I was in and out in ten minutes!They also have a convenient hand washing station right there in the office so you can wash off the black ink. The lady suggested rubbing my hands with the soap before getting it wet - really helpful and totally works!The place is cash or check only, so keep that in mind. Definitely worth the trip out to downtown for fingerprints, save that extra 10 bucks for a yummy lunch instead!
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,1/27/2014,227,412,8,13,10>Mira, que suave! I'm in love with this place! When I was a little kid, we used to go across the border into Juarez for our groceries. There was a "Del Rio" shopping center with a grocery store complete with a harp player and a place where we would go exchange our crates of empty Mexican coca-cola bottles (and Tipp, Wink, and Sky) for filled ones. I hadn't been to a place like this in about 30 years. -Cough, cough, gulp, gulp, I mean 15 years, I'm not even 30 yet. This Supermercado Mexico reminded me exactly of that place (minus the harp player and soda place). My husband had stopped by this place before (buying sweet bread with a co-worker). He told me about it and we knew we should go here to find our ingredients for the tamales we're planning on making. I walked in, list in hand, ready to pick out the stuff I needed and only the stuff I needed. Well, that plan immediately went out the window when my kids looked at the kinds of things they have here. They loaded up the cart with gansitos (think twinkles covered in chocolate and with strawberry jelly inside), nectars, and mazapan (little almond paste snacks). I got all the stuff I needed for tamales and headed over to get the meat. The people working here are amazingly nice!!! I can't emphasize this enough! Each of the people that spoke to us offered us samples and gave their best pitches of all their offerings, "Pasele señito, que le damos? Tenemos asadero, carnita, que gusta probar?" No worries, though, they quickly switch to English if need be. You can sample anything you want. We knew what we wanted and then saw meat for caldo de res (Mexican beef soup). After we picked some items we didn't absolutely need but HAD to have (the meat I just mentioned and a quince paste "membrillo" that I LOVE), we headed over to give the store another run-though (since now I needed the fixings for the caldo.) I was seriously worried about our check-out total (a millions snacks, various meats, salsa, plenty of veggies and all the stuff for the tamales). I was shocked that it only came out to a little over $70. Seriously, my cart was loaded! What a deal! And in case you're wondering, the caldo was amazing!
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/26/2014,327,281,7,8,6>Picture we're in a detective movie from the 1950's, I'm in a trench coat and a hat, except...we're not and...I'm not.  But the lounge in Pazzo will make you feel that way. It's on the upscale side, with a calm and refined vibe.  This is one of those places I've walked by a zillion times but never been to, until my happy hour group decided we were going to meet here.  I think it's probably not the ideal setting for our gang, which tends to get tipsy, loud and boisterous.  That said, we did manage to behave fairly well and I did enjoy the experience. For a happy hour snack, I had the shrimp dish, which is basically shrimp cocktail.  It was tasty though, with very fresh shellfish and a zippy sauce  The bread is quite fluffy and nice too. One of my friends ordered the mixed nuts for the table and it sounds odd to say, but they were some really great nuts.  They tasted like they were roasted in some type of special seasoning.  Very yummy. Two of our ladies, however, said their manicotti wasn't too good. My friend ordered a lemon drop, I like them, but usually don't get them because they are served in such a small glass.  Well, the lemon drops here are quite generous for the happy hour price of $5!  Soon, we were all ordering them, they were tart and tasty, and after two, I was waste-y.  Service was friendly and terrific, we were happy to figure out what we each owed, but our wonderful server insisted on splitting up the check for us.  They had already added an 18 percent tip, but we added even more, she was fab. This would be a great place to take friends or family for a relaxed meal, and I'd love to try more of their food.  But it's not a great place to take your rowdy happy hour buddies.  You have been informed.  Love, the night stalker...
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/25/2014,112,125,5,10,7>oh!Oven /&/ Shakes you are a {bittersweet} favorite happy hour of mine! Why bitter]: because you are always such a great go-to place, and  I just want to try something new. Why sweet]: because your happy hour is great and the pies are totes tasty! which keep us coming back pretty often. I just give up...4.5 stars Real Talk:such a great place to meet for Happy Hour, dinner too but HH is where it's at![Monday through Friday 2:30 to 5:30p]The Happy Hour @ O&S's is great: it's built on the the delicious fundamentals of pizza, dessert and cocktails:)Take the delicious Margherita Pie originally $13, order it at HH and BAM, only $7!Haven't tried the Salami yet with its charming spicy meets sweet goodness, well come in at HH and try it for only $10, instead of the usual $16. The ever simple, yet refreshing tart salad that is a Nostrana Salad is only $6 and helps rid yourself of the upcoming guilt of devouring a whole pie to yourself -or maybe that is just me?As far as being an adult, they have a selection of amazing handcrafted cocktails for only $7, rotating draft beers for $3, and selected wines for $5. I really dig the HH here!The set up:small tables to dine and large communal tables inside. Ample seating at the bar which runs the entire length of the dinning area, and in the warmer months picnic tables outside. I love the atmosphere, feels like you're hanging out in a converted NY flat. Brick walls, fire flickering from the wood oven, it's modernly dark, and sexy.It's a fun setting, lots of noise, and a great mingling space -if you have a large party op for the communal tables in the middle, they have a raised bar down the middle to keep the pizza's out of the way and makes more room for drinks! The noise level is nice, keeps any one-on-one date from being awkward, and keeps it semi causal, perfect!Street Parking can be a tad rough, but there are plenty of parking garages nearby.Hope you make it to this awesome HH and always start with a crafted cocktail!
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,1/24/2014,71,373,10,13,10>Scene: Me frantically finding parking trying to make his reservation at Brasserie Montmartre. (Spoiler: Ended up getting a parking ticket.)Enter: Friendly, accommodating hosts who didn't yell at me for being late. Ambiance is inviting and comforting.Enter: Server with great foresight and customer care, catering to our need to get to the symphony concert on time. Ordered the pre fixe option.Eaten: Entrement of mini twice-baked potato. Everything you want in a baked potato in one bite: bacon, butter, yum.Eaten Faster: Insanely delicious bread, reminds me of addictive Olive Garden breadsticks, but better. Also comes with deliciously salted butter.Appetized: Mushroom soup was creamy and thick, with flavorful croutons to boot. Boyfriend's salad was also tasty.Enter Again: More bread. Why does the server know my weakness?Main Coursed: Steak Frites were stupendous. Generously seasoned fries, medium-rare steak pre-cut and melts in your mouth (no knife needed). Boyfriend's trout was also tasty and gigantic (no innuendo intended).Desserted: We were rushing at this point to make it out ASAP, but it didn't stop us from enjoying the final course. The chocolate cake and cinnamon-vanilla ice cream were the quintessential dessert, but kicked up a notch. Boyfriend's creme brulee was super flavorful and perfectly executed; I kinda wish I ordered his instead.Foreshadowing: I will definitely come back here, probably with my parents. My dad loves soup, steak, and bread, so he will easily be won over by this establishment. What a great time!
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,1/23/2014,49,90,10,15,11>You kinda wanna go here.  I'm doing you a solid and just letting you know.  So, I love discovering new foods I've never experienced before.  Crazy pandan thing?  I'm first in line.  New way to experience fermented fish?  How did I never hear of this before?  So when I saw "Transylvanian food", I knew I had to try it.  Almost everything on the menu was exciting and new to me -- and a great value.  So I was more than game.  I was eager.What are chimney cakes?  Apparently a traditional Hungarian pastry known as the oldest from the region, a fact I find fascinating.  This food cart has the traditional thingies (this is the correct term) to wind the sweetened and spiced yeast dough around and bake it in a special traditional oven.  Their chimney cake spindle holders say "dream", I think, which is pretty sweet.  They also have their first dollar made hanging up and it's clear Delicios hopes their great food will take them where they dare to dream.I also had their Tuscan soup.  It was a hearty cream based soup with fresh kale and sausage.  It came with a fresh braided breadstick they made that day.  It was beautiful, made from scratch, all natural with an eggwash and poppy seeds.  At $5, this is a perfect fall lunch or even dinner.My friend and I split a deep fried savory pastry.  This was like a fresh elephant ear made of a pastry dough the family makes and rolls out to deep fry.  Then they add sour cream and cheese.  My friend noted that he never realized that doughnuts were missing cheese and more fat -- but lo.  They are.  More fat only makes deep fried things better.  We also witnessed someone get one of these custom made with cinnamon and sugar.  So don't be afraid to ask!  Then by pure chance we also got to try the strawberry jam and cheese fried dumpling.  Someone had ordered it and then just decided to walk off.  Rather than waste it, Delicios offered it to us to try.  It was like a soft warm cloud with layers of gentle cheese.  Delicios is one of those rare carts where you can meet new, awesome people whose cart and business deserves recognition from the fine people of Portland.  You can also try something new, unusual and all around amazing.  Truly, for $5 or even less, this cart has it all: heart, taste and that little something special.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,1/22/2014,219,427,18,22,18>Are you F-ing kidding me??? I love it when the new kid gets it right and my God they are knocking it outta the park. So where do I start with all this wonderfulness???The beer of course! (Also shame on you prior reviewers for not highlighting this enough. IT'S A BREWERY! LET'S HEAR ABOUT THE BEER!!!)The Spica Hefepils is a kick ass pilsner. It is good and the lightest of their line-up. It's cloudy because of the Hef influence but it's not A Hef. Repeat after me. Not. A. Hef. The Procyon Pale is delish. Much maltier than most Portland pales.The Arcturus IPA is interesting, also. Non-traditional for Portland. Get some.My delight of the night was actually the beer cocktail. They plan to change them up throughout the year. Right now it is the Major Tom made with Ransom Gin, the pale ale, grapefruit juice and agave nectar. Straight from the gods. I could drink a hundred. Move your booty and get it before it's gone. They also have a full bar and a great wine list. The food? It's killer too. I am stuffed and my belly is whispering me sweet nothings. We indulged in the deviled eggs ( my weakness), who would have thought anchovies??? Hats off good sir or lady. The caesar was delicious, a whole slice of Parmesan on top? Too kind. I expect to see the Ecliptic Burger show up on the best burger in Portland lists in the near future. It is a perfect medium. I think they muttered something about a gluten free bun if you wanted it too. Ah yeah the chicken wings with sweet chili sauce? Yeah those are outstanding too.We also saw the cheeseboard appear at our neighbor's side. Nice portions and selection, perhaps the closest I have ever been reduced to begging.The happy hour is stellar with a plethora of food and drink discounts. Seriously though, there was not one thing that I put in my mouth here that I didn't adore.Other random stuff- the space is big and beautiful. The bar will soon have purse hooks (my only complaint).  It's also a decent place to watch a game. They have a spacious parking lot and will also have an outdoor patio. What else? They have a good kid's menu and the staff kicks ass.That's all. Good night and God bless.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,5/11/2013,318,335,5,9,8>Oh my love... ...my darling... I hunger for...CASA DEL POLLO! It's so amazingly delicious. It's definitely a hole in the wall that's worth trying because you will come back wanting more! I always get the 1/4 dark meat chicken with rice and tortillas, they give you this special sauce in a bottle (he reminds me of what its called all the time but I can never remember!) and its smokey, flavorful, and has a spice kick to it... drench that on your chicken and scoop some of the green garlicky paste on your rice, and you'll be in heaven... FOR...SURE... Another amazing dish you have to try is the sausage burritos with the whole works, you'll probably only be able to finish half of it, therefore, my justification for it being $9 is ok. lol. The owner and his family of cooks are always friendly and approachable. My friends and I always enjoy eating here, wish it were a little cheaper so we could come more often, but it is what it is. Casa del Pollo gets 5 stars any day, all day. (Teeny tiny restaurant, but if you ever have to wait for a table, which I never have had to, just know that it'll be worth it. Outside of restaurant not so appealing, but the food will have you hooked for life!)
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/10/2013,645,1150,11,17,12>Our maiden voyage to Xico was excellent.  Is Xico really pronounced the same as chico?  The restaurant says so.We arrived shortly after five on a weekday evening and were able to nab a window table.  The interior design is attractive.  Hospitality was top notch all night long.  While prices are rather high and portion sizes slender, the menu is loaded with many appealing options.We started with the sopapillas (Indian fry bread, $7), which came with refried beans and chorizo.  The refried beans and chorizo were particularly good.  We especially liked the chorizo's seasonings, because we notice that often times here in the Pac NW chorizo is filled with brash and unpleasant spices, quite different than the more subtle chorizo you get in the heart of Mexico.  We used the beans as a dipping sauce for the tortillas that came with the plate.Of course, JP went for the pozole ($21).  Xico's variation of pozole comes with Idaho trout, which was fresh and well-prepared.  Even though deemed not as good as Mom's, Xico's pozole had a most delicious broth.  I went with the flank steak ($23), cooked medium-rare.  It was tender and tasty.  I particularly liked the dish's pinquito (little pinto) beans that were flavored with chile vinegar and came with bits of bacon.For dessert, we split the flourless chocolate cake ($7.50).  The plate was made up of the cake, capped with a yummy slice of sesame brittle, chili-accented ganache and cinammon chantilly (whipped cream).   Somewhat uncharacteristically of me, I ordered coffee with dessert.  The coffee, which I took with cream, was served in a metal opaque French press and delicious.  The French press itself was a nice change from the glass Bodums you see everywhere else.We liked the reggae/cumbia they were playing.  But I would note that after being there for an hour and half,  because the music was played at a hearty volume (I wouldn't say too loud though), a rotation in the music style would have been refreshing.  Still, a great experience overall.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/9/2013,131,570,11,9,7>I'm on a "don't eat sugary crap" diet (most of the time), but my co-workers often ask me to grab them something on my way to the office. In return, they get me a diet soda or do me a favor. One day, every single female at work mentioned wanting donuts. There's something in the water.None of them knew about Coco, so I had to pick some up.I cannot resist Coco donuts. They're mostly basic donuts, but they're so fresh and perfect.Reasonably priced, no weird flavors, super clean location, friendly staff.I can't complain. I'm just glad it's not VooDoo, and the patrons inside had all taken a shower recently.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,5/8/2013,434,336,7,15,14>I don't know if I would have ever found The Italian Market had my friend that lives in my building not brought a pretzel home for me. He knows I'm crazy about them, and these are no exception! They're soft, yeasty, and buttery even after they cool. Of course they are best when fresh & warm from the oven. I had to know immediately where it came from because I was getting another, SOON. I made my way to Belmont Station this past Sunday after brunch. We were stuffed, so I ordered a pretzel with wiz and panzanella salad to go. I don't see panzanella on menus often, so I'm always anxious to try different versions when I do. I make my own during the summer when the tomatoes are ripe. If you haven't had one, you should. It's a combination of toasted bread cubes, cucumber, red onion, fresh basil, tomato, and cheese with a balsamic dressing. I would have liked a little more dressing, but since I was taking it to go, it was probably best not to have too much and have it be soggy. The salad didn't have the bright, zippy flavors that I hoped for. When summer rolls around and the majority of the ingredients are in season I'm sure that it will change. The bread could have been toasted a little more too, in my opinion. They make their own mozzarella fresh everyday, and sell it by the ball for $5.The owner, who was working the cart was super sweet. We talked about the Italian Market in Philly, which I love. I'm very happy to have a taste of it here in Portland.I haven't tried the sandwiches, but they look really good. The pretzels are what will keep me making the trek from NW to SE though. They earn 5 stars by themselves!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,5/7/2013,294,129,3,15,12>"The crazy place with all the stuff"That's exactly what my friend calls it.  It's exactly what it is.  It's seriously fantastic.  And crazy.  And full of stuff.  What will you find when you step into Cargo?Chairs made of tiresAsian paraphernalia (including party decorations, furniture, dishes, toys, clothes, bags, etc.)Unique CardsA small book sectionSeasonal ItemsBeads and JewelryChopsticksTea SetsThe list could go on and on.  I could spend hours just walking around in this shop.  It takes that long to really look at everything.  I take people who are visiting Portland here all the time.  They are fascinated.  I love it.  Bonus: it's really close to my favorite coffee shop (Barista).  So, go get some coffee and then go browsing in Cargo.  It's really quite an experience.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/6/2013,104,20,9,23,14>I can't believe I've waited this long to write about Tanuki, but seeing yet another clueless 1-star review finally broke me down.Without question, Tanuki is my favorite place to eat and drink in Portland -- if you're not a precious snowflake. If there's anything you don't like to eat, or if you're easily offended, do us all a favor and stay home.Tanuki is a dive bar that just happens to have the best food in Portland, but it's NOT FOR EVERYONE. Tanuki is inappropriate for: kids, vegans, vegetarians, people with shellfish or gluten allergies, people who don't like spicy food, people who don't enjoy "weird" food or have simple palates, people who don't like loud music, people offended by violence or pornography, people who expect "authentic" food, people who insist on dining with groups of four or more, people who insist on substitutions or special requests of any kind, people who expect fine dining service or even a restaurant-like experience, and just generally, crybabies and other jerks who aren't flexible and willing to surrender themselves completely to an experience.If you're just willing to roll with whatever happens, Tanuki is the best. Their omakase easily competes with the best of Los Angeles, SF, and NYC. Set your price, order some strong drinks, play some pinball, and just go with it. And please, if there's something that's not exactly the way you'd like it, just keep it to yourself. If you're open-minded, you'll end up with what I've had in my 10+ meals there -- an incredibly creative selection of food and drinks that borrow from Korean, Japanese, and modern American influences, but are never easy to cleanly categorize. Too many favorites to mention, but highlights include the bacon kimchi buns (made with the best kimchi I've ever eaten), the squid jerky, the incredibly spicy tantan noodles, the hamachi tataki, and the amazing kimchi-marinated hanger steak. But part of the joy is seeing what's new, since the menu changes regularly. Dammit, now I'm hungry.
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2012,5/5/2013,228,95,11,13,9>What's there to say? Guys in manties (and sometimes less) shakin' their booty for your pleasure. Many are good looking, most at least have quite decent bodies. It's very much a gay bar but as a straight woman I've never had any problems in there. Know that you are not their number one priority, and all will be ok. Be polite, tip, don't act like a novice at a bachelorette party, and I'm sure you will be able to make friends and have a great time. They also have a bar in a second room if you want to get a little less penis with your drink. There's still usually a guy dancing there, but only one as opposed to 3 or 4. I've always had a great time here, but go with good friends and an open mind. I'm not much of a strip club person (straight strip clubs filled with girls who do the "stripper walk" around the stage and expect to get tipped for just having an uncovered vagina) but these boys will dance, they'll show off their muscles, even do tricks upon occasion. Have yet to be let down. Highly recommended for boys out on the town looking for a bit of naughty fun.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,5/4/2013,301,344,5,11,13>Hawthorne may have gotten more hip and trendy the past few years.  Yet if there is one restaurant that has been around for many many years, 3 Doors Down Cafe would be the elder of the group.  In ways it reminds me of old school Portland where service did and still does matter.  My friends always rave and frequent this establishment for any occasion whether its to wind down, celebrate, or catch up and socialize.  I will admit I have been here mainly for the happy hour.  They don't just offer snacks and nibbles but some of the plates will fill you up.  Naturally, my favorite dish is the tortiglioni with vodka sauce & sausage.  It's creamy, the noodles are tender, the plentiful sausage so moist and with a spicy zing compliment the whole dish.  The salad with the bibb lettuce, chives, bacon, and dressing goes well with the pasta dish.  Mac and cheese lovers - order it and enjoy the creaminess and tangy goodness.  They usually offer a cocktail of the day which is my main choice.  The bartenders take great pride in their cocktails.  I have always received great service and even the owner is friendly and knows the regulars by name.  The happy hour is available Sunday and Tuesday-Thursday.  You will see me usually at one of those days for sure.  I'm counting down till I get my hands on the toriglioni pasta which has been a staple on their menu for a long time!
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,5/3/2013,97,506,9,12,9>I'm glad to see that everyone else has already made all the possible bad sexual puns in their reviews of Spartacus - that should save me some typing. I was skeptical when I first walked into this store, as the first products I saw just looked like cheap-ass stripper gear.  But given that my BF had just been shopping in here and raved about it, I kept my mind open. You can probably really just skip all the skanky clothes up front and head directly to the backroom, where all the Good Stuff is stocked.  Yes, they have the ubiquitous products trying to make a buck off the Fifty Shades of Grey phenomenon, but there's also serious sexy and kinky goods back there. The prices are pretty reasonable, too.  I still sometimes prefer to just buy my toys from Amazon, but there are some things that you really want to see and touch in person before buying. For that, Spartacus is your place. The staff are helpful and friendly, but not overly so. And they have a stamp-card, and if you buy a certain amount ($100, I think?) You get $20 off your next purchase. Score.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/2/2013,265,215,14,16,14>10 stars!Wait, you can't give 10 stars on Yelp yet? Fine, I'll have to settle for only 5. You know how when you ridiculously look forward to a certain food item forever, and then you're kind of worried it won't be good but Yelp gives it all 5 stars and you just have a feeling that everything will end up OK?Yeah, that. I've been craving a good vegan gyro for over a year. I found it. And guys, this isn't even the best gyro in Portland, it's the best vegan sandwich in Portland. It's the best gyro in the world. Hyperbole aside, it's the best vegan gyro of all time, in all of the planet and the milky way and the known galaxy. The Tardis couldn't take you to a better vegan gyro. What makes it so good? ~ Homemade thick chewy pita pocket~ Homemade pink pickled turnips~ Lots and lots of perfectly seasoned homemade seitan stuffed into the homemade pita and covered in homemade vegan  tzatziki sauce~ Homemade hot sauce served on the sideThis is the ultimate sandwich. It's pick-up-able, it's fresh, it's all housemade and perfectly seasoned, it's $7 (and worth every dollar), it goes well with PBR, and it will make all your cares fade away.**Or your money back****Kidding, I can't make claims like that.******Or can I??
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,10/13/2011,152,351,12,14,10>So, yeah, I had to do it again.Every time I leave Dr. Welk's office, I have the same running monologue in my head:"Man, why can't we clone this guy? Then he could learn different fields and handle all my medical, dental, and professional needs. Seriously. I wouldn't have to deal with that jackwit gastroenterologist anymore. And, I bet Welk clone No. 12 could get a blood sample on the first try. Don't get me started on that idiot at the bank. ... Except my eye doctor. He's awesome. ... But he's probably retiring soon. So, yeah, that too."Until then, I'll just have to be happy with excellent endodontal care.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,10/12/2011,194,499,16,16,17>Last day to impress the Desert Queen, last day to take her to eat something "weird"--why not Salvadorean food? Everyone has been going on about the chicken here; DQ ordered it before I had a chance to, though my fork strayed over for a couple of bites and it is a lovely thing, buttery garlicy tender chicken. Get it if you have not yet. I had the shrimp and it too was very nice, though of the two dishes, I think the chicken wins out. SO? He had a hamburger. Clunk. Yeah, the boy had the burger. And, if you are in the mood for a hamburger when you go out to a Salvadorean restaurant, theirs is good. [insert eye roll] They slip a serrano chile in there just to remind you that this is not no stinkin' Carl's Jr. Papussas? But, of course. Tasty little corn, cheese and fat bombs that are complimented by the slightly sour Curtido--the coleslaw everyone yaps about--that the couple of supplied hot sauces make for some serious food fun. Get a fistful of these, they are fine little snacks. And that  Chan drink! Oh for golly sakes, get that! Dang, what a refreshing drink for the hot days that we have had! There is a certain je ne sais quoi going on in that which is pulchritudinous* visually and in taste.Go check this place out! Great staff that makes you feel right at home, as others have said; you will be very glad you came!*that word is for Ron T, the little imp. ;P
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,10/11/2011,645,1150,8,19,15>Today seemed like an excellent time to try one of my bookmarks, so that's how we ended up at Cuban-fare Pambiche.  We arrived at 9:00am and we were warmly greeted and seated immediately.  If it had been ten minutes later, we would have had to wait.  We had wondered if there was going to be a wait because as we drove by Screen Door on the way to Pambiche, we were flabbergasted by the long line snaking out of Screen Door into the raw, windy and cold morning.  I felt sorry for those poor people on the sidewalk, quite possibly hungover and suffering from low blood sugar.Decorated with lively tropical colors and paintings that reminded me of Diego Rivera, the Pambiche interior was very inviting.While the breakfast menu was extensive, it seemed the dishes were essentially variations of the same scramble/omelet - most containing chorizo, ham, bacon or shrimp.  Some contained rice and some contained russet potato.  Notably different was their Cuban-style French Toast, served with fruit.Both JP's and my scrambles were delicious and filling.  Good seasonings.  Oh, and the complimentary miniature muffins they served in a basket were exceptionally tasty!My coffee was excellent, but JP's hot chocolate (served with two mint leaves) was even better.  Outstanding!   I'll order that next time.  I loved the banana catsup.  It doesn't really taste like banana, but with little chunks of fruit, its tart flavor is much better than your standard Hunt's or Del Monte.  One very slight offnote - the toast (a baguette kind of bread) served with pieces of red and yellow bell pepper was overgarlicked.We were a bit surprised at the presumptuousness of the waiter to just start speaking in Spanish to us.  Of course that works both ways.  I remember when we were someplace a few years back and JP asked the Mexican waiter for "agua" and he caustically responded "you mean water?"  Service was very good, except for a bit of a no-no when our waiter took our signed tab from the table before we left.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2011,10/9/2011,70,846,11,4,5>They say the third time is the charm.  Who "they" are, I don't know.We all know the beer is really good here, but how about the chocolate covered bacon with house made Vanilla ice cream?  How about it?  It was tempting me this entire night and I am a weak weak man.  I don't even particularly care for bacon.  I'm a Jew.  Apparently a bad one at that.Chocolate.  Bacon.  Chocolate.  Bacon.  The drool is drowning my keyboard.  This dish cannot possibly be bad.  Unless you hate bacon and chocolate and Vanilla ice cream which means you probably hate America too.  If that is the case, your loss and my gain.  Crispy bacon topped with chocolate sauce with a dollop of Vanilla ice cream on the side.  As the Comic Book Guy in the Simpson's might say.  Best.  Dessert.  Ever.  Ok, maybe not the best dessert ever, but definitely pretty damn good.I can see myself coming back here again.  This review writes itself.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2011,10/8/2011,210,42,13,27,19>When my family first relocated from Noe Valley, San Francisco to Tigard, Oregon, I was unsure what to do about the whole hair thing. For years, I'd traded store credit at my Lower Haight Street boutique for haircuts with the stylists at Edo, on the corner of Haight & Steiner. I didn't always get exactly what I wanted, but I always ended up with some kinda cute hipster haircut, and always got the full-on gossipy hair salon experience. The Edo stylists are super cute and friendly and I was sad my every-6-weeks ritual had to end. My first couple of cuts up North were at the Aveda salon in Washington Square. Both times I ended up with a suburban mom hairstyle, and both times left me feeling dejected, like our lives had been majorly downgraded. I freaking love Tigard. This little town is a treasure in the rough. Cost of living is reasonable, people are nice, the schools are excellent. NOT A DOWNGRADE.  Just cause we moved to the suburbs doesn't mean I need to start getting crappy haircuts. I consulted the service bible that is Yelp and found a few salons in Portland with high ratings. At the time I needed to look cute QUICK, and none of the places I called could see 3 ladies within a few days. I found Wicked Pixie, and was a bit skeptical. I mean, Beaverton is a bad word to lots of my Portland friends. However, after living in the suburbs for over a year now, I can safely say that my friends who think the burbs have nothing to offer are wrong. And hipsters. And maybe a little stuck up (sorry, Dudes!). (Either this, or I'm totally becoming a suburban mom.) Anyways, at $60 for 3 ladies (disclaimer: 2 are kids!) to get excellent haircuts in a super-friendly environment by super-cute ladies, I am sold. I've been growing my hair out for almost a year now, and it's never looked better. Literally, like, in my entire life. New ritual established. No lifestyle downgrades required.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,10/7/2011,104,97,12,12,11>Last 2 visits I got the same thing. An "Italian" Beef  sandwich. If you know me, I know what you're thinking. No - it's not a Chicago " Italian Beef ".Just a couple differences, but it does draw inspiration from the Chicago 'Italian Beef"So why go back and get a second - because it was that good.And yes it did fix my jones for an "Italian Beef".Kinda like ether vs. baking soda ( If you don't get that, you weren't there).1.Slow roasted beef with great flavor sliced paper thin. ( more like Mr. beef than Al's).2. Homemade giardineria- spot on.3. It's a big sandwich.4. It has cheese on it - a bonus not found on " I B"5. Must assume the " Italian Beef " stance to eat.So the answer to where do I get a Chicago " Italian Beef " ?Johnnie's"s Beef. When in Portland.... I get an " Italian" Beef at Built to Grill.Next time I go, I'm asking for it wet. Like tomorrow.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,10/6/2011,509,364,5,11,8>I always pass by Sellwood's Piece of Cake on my (human powered vehicle) commute to downtown Portland. It's a place that tortures me with smells of cakes in the oven as I bike feverishly to Bar Method or class. A few weeks ago was the first time I was in the area with a car and no urgent place to go so I swung by to see what all the good smells were about whilst picking up some treats for my boyfriend and myself. Piece of Cake boasts (and rightfully so) to have the "Best Cake in Portland." They also have a wide selection of vegan and gluten free cakes. AND they have made cakes for Snoop Dog and Marilyn Manson. The cupcakes are not cheap, priced at about $4, but they are unique and fresh.  I nearly choked when I saw the flavor "marionberry poppyseed." I am obsessed with both. Now the two combined? Pools of drool. I scanned the other flavors trying to find something for my man. The baker said the Chantilly was their best flavor but I went for the chocolate peanut butter since he digs the pb.The marionberry poppyseed cupcake was super fresh and yes, muffin like, which I am in to. The marionberry portion was a simple layer of marionberry preserves. Delicious, however I would have liked to see a higher level of commitment to the berry - such as baking the berries into the batter or a marionberry cream cheese frosting. The cream cheese frosting was pleasantly tangy and thick and not overly cloying.  Overall, I was very happy with this cupcake and its unique flavor.The peanut butter chocolate was equally as impressive. The cake was ultra fresh with a robust cocoa flavor. I liked how there was actually a thick layer creamy peanut butter between the cake and frosting as opposed to some whipped up stuff containing 15% peanuts. The chocolate fudge frosting was thick and perfectly sweetened to taste like chocolate, not like sugar. I am not a huge chocolate cake fan, but Piece of Cake could change my mind.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2011,10/5/2011,550,1055,28,25,19>Dooh...I can't believe that I didn't write a review yet for Spartacus. This is where I bought my whip, gag ball, cane, choker, clam, blindfold, hand cuffs, and other S&M stuff. :). Just kidding. I don't own all of those items, I just own a couple...(dare to guess?)Anyway, Spartacus is my favorite shop for sensual goodies from cute undies and bras (even tho I prefer nudity..like who doesn't?) to massage oils (not lubes), sexy stockings, costumes, toys (not children's), and silly porn dvds (I don't buy porn, just get them for free..on the interweb..).I think their prices are fair compared to other sensual goodies merchandisers in this city and their customer service people are always nice. Also there are no sex booths here or neither glory holes..I thought I should warn you before you head out there with an intention to stick into a *cough* hole *cough*.Ok, time to go back there and get some more whips and chains. Toodles.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,10/4/2011,97,506,12,9,8>I have three crucial words for you: Get. The. Lambwich.Okay, maybe another three: Get. the. IPA. Both of these are utterly delicious and well-made.  The staff were friendly and on top of things. They seemed to be at the center of some kind of Take Your Screamy Toddler To Dinner Day, but that's not the servers' fault.  [Note to parents: Seriously, if your rugrat gets squirmy during a meal in public, the solution is NOT to *tickle* the little tyke until he screeches, repeatedly. This does not endear you to your fellow diners, so stop looking surprised when they're shooting you the hairy eyeball across the dining room. ]I only wish that Breakside were closer to home, I would be a regular.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2011,10/3/2011,574,765,8,16,12>What an unexpected pleasure to find this delightful little restaurant in the strip malls of Gresham. Gresham is starting to get more and more places like this, filling up these empty hovels with creative, local, down-home food joints. It's just a little place, clean and unpretentious.  You are greeted by a sweet older latina woman, who was also very patient, as we tried to figure out what we wanted off her small menu.  We finally decided on a couple of queso pupusas. She went in the back and I could hear her mixing and finally throwing it on the grill.. She brought them to the table and then asked if we wanted hot, or not so hot salsa. We always go for the hot stuff and she brought back some as well as great homemade coleslaw. She told us to put it on top of the pupusa. The pupusa itself was crispy on the bottom, the cheese was melted perfectly, and they were light, like an egg white was added to the batter, or some such thing. With the coleslaw on top, and the hot salsa, it had some real heat, but the salsa also still had spices that shined through.Food is inexpensive, but bring cash because they do not take credit cards.I emailed Yelp their business hours but just for your info, closed Sundays. Thinking this place is on to something.
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,9/26/2012,342,431,10,11,10>Built to Grill was my first cart experience in PDX.  I'm going to cut to the chase by saying, this is the best Italian I've tried in years.  Without question!  We had no kids and had the day off last Monday.  We dropped in around 12:30 and there was no wait.  I felt pretty lucky!There was no need for me to look at the menu, I knew I was going with the Penne ala Vodka.  "ONE VODKA!" Only moments stood between me and that dish I've been dying to try for so long. Within minutes garlic filled the air, it smelled awesome.  While waiting for the goods, we walked around and checked out the other carts.  It's pretty clever how everything seems to be $7.50-$8.00, eliminating the price factor and focusing more on the food itself."Here's your Vodka!"  The guy hands me a box, I initially thought, "Dang, that's a pretty small box! Not much food I guess."  Then he hands it to me.  I almost broke the back of my hand on the concrete.  It's still a mystery how they stuffed 10lbs of pasta in that little box.  I couldn't get over the flavor profile that exploded on the first bite.  First you get the rich, tasty flavor of Parmesan and garlic, right at the end there's a touch of heat that compliments the pasta.  The sausage changes up the texture and puts a different taste on the pallet.  I could've ate the whole thing, but I saved some to eat later that evening.  I'm pretty damn sure I'm going to buy 3 orders next time.  1 for me, 1 for my wife and 1 for me to take home and eat later that evening.  That's no exaggeration either!Looks like I'm going to have to burn some PTO and head back to B2G for some good eats!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,9/25/2012,219,427,13,13,14>In the food wasteland that is Woodburn, there is one Taqueria to rule them all. Luis's is that Taqueria. Big group? No problem. There is a ton of seating. Order from the extensive menu at the counter and they deliver a massive platter of food to your table. It doesn't matter what you order, you will be successful in your choice and you will be uncomfortably full for sometime after. We layed the smackdown on our stomachs with their ceviche tostadas (my fave!), the enchiladas and the al pastor and carnitas tacos. It was all pretty freaking fantastic and the tortillas are probably the best I've had. We also tried the mangua aguas frescas which I only found to be okay, I'm not a huge fan of super sweet beverages. The price for our feast was pretty minimal.  If my life ever takes an unexpected turn that lands me in Woodburn, you will probably find me rocking back and forth on the sidewalk in front of Luis's clutching some tacos and muttering "My precious!".
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,9/24/2012,121,1306,7,12,10>You will eat Mum's samples, and you will like it.How can you not? They are all mind-blowingly awesome. She serves up a whole lot of awesome in the cart---awesome food and awesome conversation. She is one of the nicest ladies I have ever had the pleasure to meet. She makes the food because she loves to cook. She loves to cook, and she loves to share it with everyone. It was her daughter's idea, originally, to start the cart. Another job called, as did children, so Mum is holding down the fort, and you can tell she loves it. She works her own schedule [Mon-Wed plus Sat], giving two days to watch the grand-kids, and one day for herself. I'd say she's earned it. While she has a menu posted, there may be more or less available depending on the day and what has been super popular that day. You will sample everything. Well, unless you don't do the meat thing, but you will sample it all. You'll figure out what you want from there. Good luck choosing. After sampling absolutely everything on the menu, including the eggplant and sweet potato that wasn't, I can say without a doubt that it wasn't a hard decision to bestow five stars upon what she cooks up. Everything is moist and flavorful. These flavors are comforting and exotic all at the same time. There aren't any recipes, just huge pots and a keen eye/taste for what it's supposed to be. I settled on the spicy garlic pork and cabbage over brown rice with curried sweet potato, dahl, and a shredded carrot salad. The to-go container was heaping, heavy, and smelled absolutely delicious. I had plenty for lunch the next day. The spicy got even spicier. Man, it was so good. Eating here everyday would not be a problem. Mum goes out of her way to make sure you are 110% taken care of. If things are running a little slow, she'll see that you're compensated in some way. If she doesn't feel like her product is 100%, she's making you some more right this very minute, and she won't hear another word about it. You can't even call it service. It's more like manners. Hospitality. Generosity. It's not manufactured. It's not a job. It's just forced. It's just Mum.
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,9/23/2012,123,492,17,16,16>There is some seriously faulty wiring in my brain that I use ice cream as a main motivator to walk to dinner.  But there you have it.I have been to the A La Carts food pod 3 times since discovering that Scoop has a truck there.  I make myself walk, but that's hardly significant.  It's only a mile or so away from home.  If it helps, I would even walk in the rain for this ice-cream (note: I apparently draw the line at lightning storms).With a nod to the truly boring side of me, my favorite flavor so far is the Madagascar vanilla.  They don't always have it, though, so sometimes I just have to roll with it and (gasp) branch out.  Other favorite flavors are the sweet Ceylon cinnamon and the espresso, which admittedly has a fancier name that I'm just not remembering.  One important note: A scoop of the espresso ice cream will absolutely have you up and doing laundry at 2:00 a.m. while you contemplate painting the kitchen, scrubbing the shower, and mowing the lawn.  You've been forewarned.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,9/22/2012,949,916,18,24,20>I never knew that the Pearl District had their own bakery! Established in 1997, this bakery has been pumping out hand-crafted baked yummy goodies for Portlanders! The Pearl Bakery is on the corner of NW 9th and NW Couch St. Known for their artisanal breads and confectionary goods (they serve coffee as well). It's a cute little establishment, where you can either choose to get your goods to go or lounge around and read your newspaper. What do they offer? Panini, Pain au Levain, French baguettes, ciabatta rolls, croissant, danish, pumpkin bread, cookies, brownies, cakes, tarts, buchon, French Macarons are just to name a few!Unfortunately since I gave up desserts for Lent, I was only able to try out their bread, more specifically, their CROISSANTS! The plain $2.50 and the Almond, Ham & Cheese and Chocolate Dipped $3-$5. All are so exceptional. Probably one of the best croissants I've had in Portland. Those grocery store chains can't compare to them! (It must be the butter that makes this stuff amazing!) The croissant was totally flaky on the inside and still was warm so I can tell it hot off the oven!I came here to pick up an order and was delighted that they were able to accommodate my last minute request for baked goodies on such a short notice! I love that they're open at 0630 so I can get my batch of breakfast goods before I head to work! FYI:- They're breads are good 1-3 days after purchase (you can refresh them in the oven by sprinkling a bit of water for 15 minutes at 350 degrees).- They use many organic ingredients in their goods!- Accepts cash & CC- They sell gift certificates- Can also find them at the Portland State University (PSU) Farmer's MarketAfter trying those croissants, I was so bewildered! I'm heading back here after Easter to try those French Macarons!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,9/21/2012,198,124,5,6,4>Do yourself a favor this summer. Get two sandwiches to go and drive up to Portland's Rose Gardens to enjoy your Bunk. That's what I did on an unusually warm and sunny April day. Hubs asked me for a lunch date, and I decided picnic!! I've had their Cuban sandwich before, and it was memorable enough to get me back in.This time I went Roast Beef and then asked the server for a picnic sandwich suggestion. She suggested chicken salad, and my life will never be the same.Chicken salad with thick pepper bacon and avocado...OMG! It's Spank-Your-Momma GOOD! I wish they served iced fountain drinks. It's the only thing missing.And yes, $9 is a bit for a sandwich.... but I'm worth it :P
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2012,9/20/2012,47,96,10,5,3>Curse you Lizard Lounge!  Curse you to the depths of Hell.   You've introduced me to Scotch and Soda shirts, which are the most comfortable pieces of clothing I've ever owned.   I'm wearing one right now and just looking at myself in the mirror makes me feel fantastic.   If it weren't for you, I'd be fine going back to Ross.  I'd be fine picking through Marshals.  BUT NO  You had to introduce me to quality clothing and the type of shopping excursion that is PERFECT on a Saturday afternoon causing me to have to look through EVERY SINGLE PIECE OF CLOTHING you have.   You're like Crystal Meth and that cowboy movie with Heath Ledger.I cannot quit you. (Seriously though, a little less plaid would be okay).
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,9/19/2012,276,315,6,16,12>I can't believe I hadn't yet written a review for this gem of a place that fortunately (or, perhaps, unfortunately) is within a short walking distance from home.  I especially recommend Tuesday nights on which they have happy hour "all day."  Wednesday nights is when they have $3.00 glasses of wine as part of their "Wine Down Wednesday"-- a great way for winos to celebrate humpday, I suppose.Food-wise, I've gravitated toward their delicious burgers, my recent favorite being the Smoked Pork & Poblano Burger.  But, ask for the Cheffry Burger of the day, and you're sure to be in for an epicurean delight.  On the lighter end of the menu, I would recommend their Fried Brussels Sprouts, which is a divine bittersweet flavor sensation.  It comes standard with bacon because, why not?  But, vegetarians can certainly opt it out.Service, in my experience, has also been consistently positive.  I've witnessed them treat their regulars and newbies with equal fervor.I will definitely keep coming back!
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/21/2012,9/18/2012,20,228,11,4,4>Came in on a night where there was a DJ. So this was new to me. Also the same night my fiancee and I were kind of kicked out of the pool table for...get this...Hip hop rappers!  Eminem wanna be! YAY!Yo, yo...check me out,I'm all about flavor,So don't be a hater,I have a dope load of stachYou like my mustache?cue girl in Geisha swag: "aaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhh"Blah, blah, blah,Blah, blah, blah,When I yell (insert witty name here), you all shout (said witty name here)When I yell (insert witty name here), you all shout (said witty name here)So I shall now do my review because I'm inspired! So the place is really clean,It's really not mean,They got two pin ball machines,but no lottery machines.They got four pool tables,All sorts of beer lables,The drinks are really stiff,You get my rift?Yo they gots jello shots!For a dollar fiddy,You can by a lot,The place isn't stinka,You can play giant Jenga!!Can you hear me Triple Nickle!Oh yeah, boy,Triple Nickle is back on east side boy.I'm out.
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2012,9/17/2012,97,506,6,14,12>I am WAY overdue in updating my review of Roscoe's, known to me now as "my local beer bar." since I moved to the SE. :)Everything I said in my original review is still true, except that they've now replaced the sign outside, and the new one's backlit, like a beacon in the night to the wandering beer geek (and sometimes just neighborhood folks looking for a shot-na-beer.)There's a few things that set Roscoe's apart from the gaggle of other perfectly fine Portland beer bars:- you can order pretty damn good sushi to eat with your kickass regional craft beer. - they are now continuously printing fresh copies of the beer list and replacing them all night long as kegs blow.- they really go out of their way to get the serious deep-cut, one-off, barrel-aged-what-have-you beers from all the best west coast breweries. Stuff you can scarcely find anywhere else in town.  - they are still selling practically every beer for $4/pint, and not giving in to the price-creep trend.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2008,12/31/2008,141,355,13,17,19>I realize that one more review for Doug Fir is about as useful as one more for Powell's or Voodoo Donuts, but I think this place should be commended for what they do well (a cool space to hang out in with a whole mess of friends and acquaintances) and reminded of what they could work at (service & bar tending)  Let's talk about the place via a neat* architectural party trick that you can use to impress your friends: Basically any building can be broken down into four parts:- The hearth - traditionally a fireplace, a central spot to gather - The mound  - a solid floor to sit safely away from creepy crawlies- The roof   - heavy and sturdy structure that defines the building - The enclosure  - windows & walls to keep you in and unwanted stuff outThese four elements (as a guy named Semper called them) are the necessary forms of structure and protection for a building and its inhabitants.  And yet so many contemporary places seem to forget them to some extent.  The Doug Fir is one of the first bars I've been to in Portland that nails all of them, including the hearth, or gathering place, which is perhaps the most important for the four.  Say what you will about the "log cabin" meets "aspen" meets "design chic" - they pull it off... it's fun to be here. It's fun to look around.  It just feels right.  (The glass moose head helps a bit I'm sure.) But space is only so much.  And while it's a fine place to be, the nuts and bolts of the operation need some work.  Being the only one at the bar and still being ignored for a few minutes kind of smarts. I realize you're doing your thing, but eye contact or a "hey" would be nice.  I grabbed a pint for $4.00 - it was just fine, predictable really.  I'm glad I avoided the well drinks, sounds like those are the weakest thing about the whole place. I've gotta commend the guy running around picking up empty glasses & plates and tidying up the little log tables though.  He had his act together... that's for sure.  Good job. As fall progresses into winter I'm all for coming back here again - but maybe just for a quick stop on the way to search out more spaces that have those four elements plus the service down pat.  *neatness requires extreme nerdiness
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/21/2008,12/30/2008,532,371,21,22,21>I wonder if newspaper headline creators mean to be cheesy or if they actually think they're being clever (or both). "Chicken Stick and Noodle Soup for the Soul""(Biwa)re" "Portland Ramen Goes Underground"I immediately liked the subterranean off street nature of biwa. Descending into the cozy, but not cramped, wood and concrete drenched space I felt a heightened sense of anticipation. I was finally eating PDX Japanese food (with my better half's Japanese family no less), would it come even close to meeting my expectations?Let me be fair in stating those expectations are quite high. I'm half Japanese, have a culinarily gifted Japanese mother, can cook Japanese food myself, grew up in Hawaii, and have traveled to Japan. So yeah, with this type of food I'd be a tough critic. (Hopefully this doesn't get me barred from future Japanese dining, I promise to give rave reviews to places that are deserving). "Smoke Gets in Your Eyes (In Your Nose and on Your Clothes)"biwa as others have mentioned is an izakaya, think Japanese tapas or afterwork watering hole with grilled and fried foods (which with an open kitchen an inadequate ventilation makes even the dining area a bit hazy). Here they are also known for their Ramen and Udon. Having just had some amazing Ramen earlier that day at Seattle's Samurai Noodle I opted to go the Yakimono grilled skewered food route. "Biwa Leaves Diners Feeling a Little Salty""Totally Terrific Tasting Tofu Tantalizes Tipsy Townies"I understand that much of what we ordered was meant to be bar food, but even then I found many of the dishes generally too salty to truly enjoy. There were some gems though, so here's a quick breakdown: Hiyayakko (cold tofu) - Silky, refreshing, delicious...a must order Lamb "Genghis Khan" - Overly salty, overcooked, almost tough Beef Hanger Steak - Medium rare, tender, flavorful...will order again Tsukune - See notes for Lamb Pork "bara" - Cooked perfectly, moist, way too salty...still a repeat order Kara-Age (fried chicken pieces) - Expertly fried, could use a better  dipping sauce Ramen (tried my mother-in-law's) - Good noodles, not as good brothI have to agree with Akemi I. this place is somewhere in the 2.7832 range for me. Liked the atmosphere and staff, thought the prices a little (but not too) high for what we were served, and did enjoy some of the dishes. Aside from almost ODing on NaCl, it's the quality and dryness of the rice here that's takes this place down a notch. I'd definitely return, and would even consider adding a star, but for now the headline reads:"Four Star Potential Skewered by Sodium Overload and Unsticky Rice"photos yelp.com/biz_photos/lCOS
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,12/29/2008,101,244,7,7,7>If I wasn't married I'd have an affair with the Porchetta Sandwich...I dream about it... Often.In fact, my mouth is watering right now while I am typing these very words.Damn you porchetta. You roasted, herb rubbed, butterflied, then steamed slowly to the point where you fall apart. Then, like the sassy trollop you are you climb into a roll lined with a bed of arugula as the fellas wrap you in your paper lined foil blanket.Okay, here's the deal. Garden State is a gem in one of the most bizarre places that I can think of to put a food cart, let alone a group of carts. Sellwood.They have hours posted on the cart. They are extending the days they are open (they're open Sundays I believe for the holidays). I will update with the hours later today as I have the urge to go there.I have tried the chickpea sandwich and loved it.They had an Italian sausage and roasted pepper sandwich - that too was DELICIOUS.My wife says the meatball sandwich is awesome.The two guys workin' their magic in the cart are excellent at making that small talk while you wait. I only hope that you don't fall for the Porchetta like I have (or at least wait until I have gotten my fix first so they don't run out of it...)
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/28/2008,7,24,12,11,9>My date turned out to be a complete schmo, but the pizza saved the evening.  Crispy but not crunchy, thin but not emaciated, drippy but not greasy ... this is GOOD pizza.  I complain about Portland pizza all the time, and this place may just have made me shut my big mouth.It appears they're still working out some of the kinks of a new restaurant (the owner appears to be the only server, and she is sometimes ... otherwise involved), but all in all, this place is a hit with me and a definite recommendation!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/27/2008,45,266,6,7,6>I heard they made killer drinks here so a friend and I stopped by for cocktails in the lounge on Friday night. You could tell the few people in the matchboxed sized lounge area were regulars because they all looked at us like we were the new kids walking onto the playground. So okay, the place lacks much in decor and atmosphere...unless of course you're into video poker machines and dated chinese knick knacks. But what they lack in decor and atmosphere, they make up for in value. The waitress was Jenny-on-the-spot to take our order and even recommended a drink for my friend who insisted she didn't 'really' want a cocktail - try the Kinky Sex on the Beach with a Blanket. It was like an alcoholic Italian Iced Soda. The price for this yummy concoction and a Long Island Iced Tea was only $12.50!Plus they had an appetizer special that included crab cakes, BBQ pork, and pot stickers for just $2.95. Unfortunately we had just eaten so I didn't get a chance to try the special, but no worries.....I'll be back!
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/26/2008,34,149,5,7,5>When I got my first car last year, it wasn't long at all before I started having problems - and knowing nothing about cars (other then 'push this pedal to make it go, this one to make it stop') I polled my co-workers about their favorite mechanics. Sho's came up two or three times, so I decided to give it a go -And I was super satisfied with them. They're straight with you, don't try to upsell or convince you to fix problems you aren't having, and their pricing is completely fair, only covering the actual work that they do. They're fast, too - frequently I'll call them up in the morning, drop the car off later that day, and then swing by the next day to pick it up. They've replaced and flushed fluid systems, replaced some exhaust gaskets, and counseled me on replacing my cracked exhaust header / manifold - and they've done a good job every time.Can't think of a reason why I'd go anywhere else.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/25/2008,113,186,7,10,7>I'd been here before and forgot to review it, and no longer remember what I ate the first time besides sweet potato fries with blackberry ketchup (which, I must add, is YUMMY omg!).I went again with the boy and a couple friends and had the pasta putanesca. The shrimp came with the tails still attached, which I thought was odd, because the shrimp was mixed in with the pasta. If it was piled on top, sure, leave the tails.. but I was less than thrilled to have to go digging all my shrimp out to pull the tails off.Aside from that though I was pretty pleased. The food was... yeah fine, it was not spectacular but it was still good. I really like the raspberry beer. We had good service.But the dessert.. yes. I gave the place an extra star just for the dessert. This mango-peach-cobbler-ice cream-whipped cream concoction was TOTALLY AWESOME. I kind of hated lite the next day for eating so much, but man, it was worth it.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/23/2008,276,315,9,12,6>Amazing Happy Hour menu from 3pm to 7pm.  That's right!  Until 7pm!  And, as the previous reviewer already pointed out, the piece d' resistance of the HH menu is probably their Angus Slider Sampler.  The one that has the brie and caramelized onions was the best!I also tried and enjoyed their Jalapeño & Manchego Cheese Croquettes (*cough* Poppers! *cough*) and their Eggplant "Caviar" (which, although tasty, was a bit of a disappointment because the 'potato pancake' on which it was supposed to rest was nothing more than a slab of grocery-style hashbrowns).  But, as usual, the main draw for me is the Guinness on tap, which is only $3.50 a pint during HH.  Woot!The regular menu has items that will appeal to every palate, including stuffed chicken, pastas, and salads, but it appears to be a very burger-and-sandwich-heavy ensemble.  Perfect for a nice American food dinner.They also have a decent wine list and the cocktails menu is quite inventive.  I also like that they label their beverages like so: "On Draft" (beers that are from the taps); "On Ice" (beers that come in bottles); and "On The Wagon" lists their non-alcoholic beverages.I truly wish this spot was further up on Hawthorne; I think it's got the potential to upstage any of the staples up there.NOTE:  This review is for the restaurant called Imbibe, which is located on SE Hawthorne between 22nd and 23rd.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2008,12/22/2008,148,236,14,15,13>I've had this Hyundai for 5 years. It's been with me through just about everything. After grad school, my girlfriend rode with me across these United States in this car. We saw the Corn Palace, the Badlands, Mount Rushmore, the Rockies, Vegas, and more. We had a great time, but we both had a feeling that this could be our last trip together. That feeling cast a slight pall over the trip. As I look back, I wouldn't change a thing. We saw all sorts of cool stuff.  Plus, I wound up married to that girlfriend. Now, at long last, I must sell the car. Before listing it, I brought it to the Washman gang for the full-on super detailing. The good news? They did a kick-ass job, and it only took 1.5 hours. The bad news? It cost $120. I know that seems awful, but that price is pretty competitive for a full detail. It looks beautiful now. Makes me want to take a road trip.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,12/21/2008,14,28,21,16,16>I used to have a bumper sticker stating "Love A Librarian" (not "love a lesbian" as many misinterpreted as the sticker faded). Why then have I only visited Powell's once in the year that I've lived in Portland? Book stores pose a serious danger to my wallet.I whittled my purchases down to only two books plus a reusable/recyclable Powell's tote bag. Not bad, for a bookaholic.Later at Safeway:lady at register: "Oh, you have a Powell's bag? You must read a lot."me: "Yeah."lady at register: "You're so smart, I can tell. I should read more. I bet you went to college too. I wish I had gone to college...blah blah blah..."She continued to compliment me, all based on assumptions made from my owning a Powell's bag.Powell's tote...avid reader...super intelligent person.Spot on. Most likely the best $0.99 I've ever spent.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2009,9/3/2010,108,280,4,4,6>"Vegetarian sausage?  Yes, please - but could you just pour gravy all over that?  Better yet, let's go with the hollandaise."  I hate that this place has too many yummy options to choose from, but love that you really can't go wrong with any choice.  You could essentially just make a delicious morning meal out of the sides they have listed - i highly recommend smothering the hollandaise over everything.  My only gripe is that is that we were told the wait was 20 minutes for almost an hour - I mean, this place is really good, but it's not line-forming-blow-your-mind good. Then again, I'm from DC and we wait in line for 20 minutes at 3am for hotdogs.  What do I know.
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,9/2/2010,54,76,8,11,7>If you've ever shuddered with fear at the mere phrase "Fat Cobra," you might just like it at She Bop, "a female friendly sex toy boutique."  Don't be thrown off by the name, this place seems to have something for most anybody--its simply more inviting to women (and everyone, in my opinion) than your run of the mill adult sex toy store with icky rooms for, um, viewing and the like.  I appreciate that there's everything from Our Bodies Ourselves to Kinbaku instruction books to Fleshlights® on the shelves. The staff is knowledgeable and the place is clean and inviting and sexually-oriented without the sleaze.  Pretty great!
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,9/1/2010,400,884,8,11,9>COOKIES!I love a good cookie and these folks do 'em up right. Dovetail Bakery is, oh, about a half block walk from my front door. It's so awesome to know I can get my grubby hands on some fantastically delicious sweet treats within mere minutes.GF and kids like the snicker doodles. Me, I'm all about the chocolate chips. These are big, substantial cookies that are just the right amount of soft and chewy, but they hold up to a good milk dunking, too.I love supporting local small businesses--especially when they produce something truly exceptional.COOKIES!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,8/31/2010,147,332,8,14,12>I've watched restaurants come and go on this corner (par example, the ill-named and hard to pronounce Tear-Wahr). Sooner or later (or now?) one of them is going to make it. This beautiful building and space is perfect for a combination neighborhood place/destination spot. It's spacious so you could get romantic, it's decor is modern and hip so with the right people it could be happening.I've only been here for the UYE happy hour so it was less romantic than happening. The burger with caramelized onions was perfectly medium rare. The fries and hush puppies and crostinis, quality and the $3 pints, easy to swallow. We sat outside in the sun for a while and then moved inside, into a corner table, until the night called us out.  When my attention shifted to the rest of the place, I was happy to see a well-attended dining room for a Thursday night.Sooner or later?  I'm thinking now. Could you pass me the dinner menu please?
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2009,8/29/2010,276,315,10,13,10>The laminated, coil-bound menus were fun. Not only were the pages shiny, they were also in full pictographic regalia. One knew exactly what one was getting because, not only were the main ingredients pretty much spelled out on the menu, a color photograph accompanied it.  It's like 'Chinese Restaurant Menu for Dummies."  Among a bevy of delicious looking treats, I chose the Roasted Pork & Pork Dumpling Noodle Soup because, well, it had the best looking picture on the menu.Unfortunately, the final product looked like a distant, retarded cousin of what was depicted on the glossy, shiny, coil-bound menu.  It wasn't worthy, for instance, of a TwitPic.  Yes, it looked that bad.Fortunately, the noodle soup lived up to the restaurant's moniker.  It certainly had a 'good taste' to it.  It was the wonton soup flavor that I would immediately recognize and enjoy.  But the presence-- and unexpected texture-- of the roasted pork bites, added a layer of unfamiliarity to an otherwise rote dish.  I nearly inhaled the entire bowl in under a half-hour.There were plenty of other tasty looking treats on the menu and, from what I saw other tables had gotten, they appear to be of good portions, too.  In fact, at $7.50 USD, the wonton noodle bowl that I had could almost certainly feed two people (or five elderly Asian women).I'll definitely be back to this almost nondescript establishment in the not-too-flashy Chinatown section of our humble "city."  Because, whatever your reason for being in Chinatown, it should at least be in "good taste."
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2009,8/28/2010,302,646,8,10,8>good brunch with a long wait if you come at hot time (such as 11:30 am). The best part of waiting is that you can order drinks from the bar area. No one will give you the evil, disapproving eye for ordering one of their crazy infused cocktails before noon...Well, in my case I wanted to make a good impression with a certain someone's parents so I ordered apple juice instead of their spicy bloody mary (which was what I've been really aching to try).Anyway I had the vegetarian eggs benedict. Instead of sauage, you get eggs on top of ricotta cake with tomatoes and mushrooms. Pretty excellent, if you'd asked me (though it would've been 10x better with their Genie's Bloody Mary)!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,8/27/2010,22,216,8,9,9>No black beans (as far as I could tell)? Minus one star. Only the pricier dishes have avocado... no guacamole listed anywhere? Minus one star.These are a few of the thoughts that scrolled through my head as we waited 20 minutes for our burritos on Saturday night. We spotted someone coming out of the kitchen with two burritos. No chips... 'cause those are $1.50 extra. At least the burritos looked big enough to satisfy the monster hunger that had stirred up inside of us. The plates were plopped down in front of us.3...2...1...***CARNITAS TASTE EXPLOSION!!1!1!!!***It was so ridiculously good. After that first bite, I immediately swung the burrito across the table into my wife's face. "Taste this." It was unanimous. She liked her carne asada, but my carnitas was incredible and generously given.I thought the proportions in our burritos were perfect; about 50% meat, 30% rice, 20% cheese, 10% beans and accents of fresh cilantro. I think that I make a big deal out of having black beans because a lot of places will have 30%-40% beans and I just don't need that much pinto. In this case, I was not put off by the beans at all.If there was one thing we would change about the burritos, it would be the distribution of the ingredients. All of the meat was on one side of the burrito and then the rice was in the middle, then the cheese, and the beans we tucked in the side opposite the meat. The thing was 4"-5" inches wide, so your bite couldn't possible get meat and beans at the same time. Other than that, it was near-perfect.It was not hard to understand why this week-old taqueria was completely packed (thus the 20 minute wait for food I mentioned). Obviously the trailer at 50th/Division has earned a sterling reputation, but we have never had the opportunity to visit. Beside delicious food, the service was very friendly and the selection was awesome. They literally had two full (two-sided) menus, one meat and one vegan. There were definitely quite a few vegan dishes being ordered while we were there.One thing to be aware of if you are going in the near future is that they don't have a credit/debit card machine. They plan to get one soon, though. If you like mexican food at all, there is really no reason to delay your visit. So... get some cash and GO NOW!
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,8/26/2010,47,51,3,10,6>What a surprise this new brewery turned out to be.The bf and I were riding along in the Sunday Parkways. We turned a corner and there it was. Garage doors open, lots of light, high ceilings, bike racks out front, and what is that I see? A bar? Hell yeah, we stopped. Sat at the bar, ordered a beer, checked out the menu. Unfortunately, it was only around noon and we still has a ways to go on our ride so we agreed to come back. Tonight we did and it was well worth the drive. The food was really good (Brushetta with portabella, asparagus and baguette was yum). The beer selection was very nice. The service was even better. Our waitress, wish I got her name, was very attentive, friendly and accommodating. She even hand wrote out the available beers on tap. We will support a local brewery wherever it's located. One suggestion? A kids menu. Kids will love this place especially with all the dogs out front.We will be back.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2010,8/25/2010,162,144,10,12,11>This has become my absolute favorite Happy Hour location; pound for pound, dollar for dollar, french fry vs french fry, there's nothing better than Saucebox.The particularly awesome aspect about this place is the Truffle Fries. The flavors of the truffle oil, combined with the crispiness of the fries make it an everlovin' haven of fried goodness that I can never resist; at $2 during Happy Hour, it cannot be beat.Speaking of cannot be beat, the Sauvie Island Burger, with crispy bacon, chiplotle mayonnaise, and awesomely tender ground beef, is perhaps one of the best burgers in the PDX. For the price of $4, I can't think of a better deal anywhere in the City.In case you haven't been able to tell, this is my spot, my haven, my bastion of meat, potato and cheese that I simply cannot resist.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,8/24/2010,107,111,19,11,13>"We are strong, No one can tell us we're wrongSearchin' our wallets for so longBoth of us knowingLunch is a battlefield."You're so right, Pat Benatar. It's been rough out there since the invention of the $8.50 sandwich and the $14 bean-rice bowl. Finding parking, finding a table, finding something to eat that's remotely healthy... none of this comes easy. "I don't want no part of this crazy lunch." "Lunch stinks. Yeah, yeah." etc, etc.It turns out I'd been looking for lunch in all the wrong places, in that until recently I hadn't been looking for it at the Mississippi Marketplace. But there it is, the Ruby Dragon, and with it, the Jade Abbot sandwich. Honestly, if I had to go for the rest of my life eating one sandwich only (and it had to be vegan), it would be the Jade Abbot. An open-faced sandwich with curried tempeh and curried cashews on Dave's bread smothered with kale. Out-god-damned-standing.And the best part: all that plus a side of sauteed potato wedges sets me back a mere $5.50. If I've got a friend with me, we can get two of 'em for $7.50. I don't want to take anything away from the other magnificent carts there (I'm looking straight at you, Big Egg, you wonderful thing, you), but the Ruby Dragon's Jade Abbot is a stand-out. It leaves just one thing left to ponder..."Now that we've found lunch, what are we gonna do... with this?" Heavy D, you are wise.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,10/29/2009,59,47,8,9,10>Odd Item to review, I know.  But I was reminded today of my love of donation centers.  I love the people from different walks of life to come together to do something like donate blood.  As a long time donor, I realize that donation is kind of a...strange thing to do.  There are no physical benefits.  It can take a long time.  But for some reason, people feel compelled to do it.  Enough people that there can actually be a wait at this center.  However, the staff is friendly and apologetic if there is a wait.  The waiting room is comfortable.  The donation chairs are even comfortable.  There is no better social anthropology experience either.  Today I donated next to a man who was reading Guns 'n Ammo and listened to him wax poetic about his trusty Reuger.  I shared a juice and cookie table with a woman who humored me with my conversation about how "this is REALLY the only time it is acceptable to eat Oreo cookies."  I even convinced her to put down that box of raisins and partake.  If you are into the whole Valentine's Day thing and don't have a date, please please go give blood.  I'm dying to hear a story about people who met and fell in love while donating.  And besides, Dylan and Brenda did it on 90210 so it can't be all bad.  Plus, there are seriously worse places to spend your evening than with the friendly nurses and staff at this center.  Free snacks and soda fountain too!
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2009,10/28/2009,80,196,8,12,10>We went here last night fora friend's birthday.   My husband and I split their 12.50 3-course dinner deal.  I must say, that is enough food for 2 people, I can't see how anyone would go in there and order a whole sandwich and the fixin's for themself and actually finish it.I started with the Hungarian mushroom soup, which was very tasty and FULL of mushrooms, no stinginess there at all.Course two was a half a pastrami on rye sandwich, with potato salad and a house made pickle.  Since we were sharing I only had a 1/4 of a pastrami sandwich and it was piled so high with pastrami I didn't notice.  The potato salad was also very very good, and while the pickle tasted really good, I prefer the crunchier variety.Finally a brownie sundae for dessert.  YUM!Seriously?  12.50?  And 2 people ate all that without being the least bit peckish afterwards?  Now THAT'S a deal I can get behind.I had to knock off a star because compared to our meal deal, the menu seemed kind of pricey.  Not sure how often I would go back if I was having to pay the 14 bucks a sandwich prices on the regular menu, but their current lunch and dinner deals are pretty sweet.  The quality can't be beat.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,10/27/2009,140,143,10,8,8>You're most likely to find me here 6-8 on Fridays for silly music and luscious, acrid Stout.  But years ago I had long red hair and was one of the black leather jacket people along Harley Row - grooving to either Rock and Roll, with acid rock sensibilities, or straight-out Blues...both which I still enjoy.  But these days If my hair gets any whiter, I might scare people, since this place is legendary for sightings of a woman Ghost.  Yikes, what if someone tries to Exorcise me, when I'm just having a good time at the W.E?  The GHOSTS presence has been most often reported  to be felt upstairs...still a good place to flop, and less expensive than than other beds in the Kingdom.   (I may have, um...LEFT A FEW MEMORIES UP THERE MYSELF.)Perhaps the Best musical riff I heard at the White Eagle was a CD Release Party the year before Gary Small won the Native American Music Awards.  His Santana-style guitar is perfectly articulated by Graham Lear who formerly played Drums with Santana.  They fit like hand to glove. That CD is full of original songs that tell the Indian stories living in Gary's memory.Even at the peak of his Oregon career, Rev Gary Small was both unpretentious and a class Act.  Ain't the same without having his band on my musical menu. Instead of Release Party Guests being required to pay a cover Charge for the prime time weekend gig, he offered each a gift to enjoy at their table and take home. I still have that Candle, with his CD Cover label. It feels like good luck.That concert was opened appropriately, by people whose ancestors  hunted and fished these NW lands and waters.  It was a personal thrill for me to see Gary conduct his business in this way.  So respectful, so right.  And such damn good music. Thanks to the whole McMenamins family, for keeping the White Eagle tradition alive.  I'll give ya 5 Stars if you'll add a good Breakfast and coffee to the White Eagle menu, so I can send more people to stay at your excellent little Hotel, upstairs.  It's an uphill walk up to Gravy,  on Mississippi proper, and I've done it numerous times in the afternoon, in hot sun or rain, and it's a good little workout.  But let's face it, most dominant-culture Americans won't walk 5 blocks, even for a good Omelete, and I don't really like to send people places where they feel they must use cars.  The air is that  neighborhood is plenty nasty enough already.The Yellow line MAX makes this easy as the place to meet for those attending Rose Quarter, Lloyd Center, downtown and Convention Center events...heck anywhere along the MAX line. The # 33 Fremont bus cruises thru here now too...and after Gateway it zooms on out to the Edgefield and Troutdale, making it a great way to do a Brewery Arts Tour. Yup, all Buses carry Bikes.
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,10/26/2009,216,263,23,15,17>My father is an old Vietnamese man with a mustache.That's right. A mustache.You know what that makes him? A reliable source when it comes to Vietnamese food.Reading the reviews for this place and for Pho Van, I can't believe that Pho Van could be rated in the same genre as Pho Oregon (Viet food). The picture thats currently here for the establishment isn't the one that's being reviewed (that place used to be on Sandy and closed down). This Pho Oregon is the one in the Asian promenade on 82nd ave., near Madison high school.I'll post on Pho Van's page regarding their shoddy service/food, as I don't want to clutter up Pho Oregon's page, so if you want to do a comparative analysis, check it out there.But Pho Oregon: that's just good Vietnamese food. The place is like a huge, clean cafeteria and set up like one of my uncles' houses, and the food is like something my aunt would cook for a birthday party; no cheap imitations, and portioned to try and fatten up her petite niece (who doesn't need it, mind you). Although my grandmother's cooking is better, it's only because my grams is a beast in the kitchen, and no establishment could beat her cooking. But Pho Oregon comes pretty close.Yes, because it's so big, it may look empty at times (okay, so they could jazz the place up a bit), but the service is fast, the prices are great, and the food is just good.Says who? My father, that's who.And he's got a mustache, so you better recognize.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2009,10/25/2009,111,14,14,11,14>Vegan restaurant... Turn off your cell and listen to your inner child. The food at Blossoming Lotus is good and, yes, I said vegan food is good. I was sceptical, being a massive meat-loving carnivore, but the trees and the plants told me that they have nutrients too and they felt left out, LOL. No, but overall it's a bomb place. The people there always make me feel so warm and that genuinely I'm doing the right thing for old mama earth and my digestive system by eating there. So I'll give it four organic grown potatoes and some vegan sauce on top. You gotta try it once. It amazed me. the rice n lettuce with the weird orange kinda sauce is what i get everytime and it is good.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/25/2009,10/23/2009,71,113,22,17,9>Cinetopia needs to repair their robot staffers. They don't quite know how to have normal human dialogue yet.*us, walking up to the hostess at the bar*"Hello, we're-""Are you here for a movie?" [No we drove all the way out here to drink at your overpriced bar lol]"Yes, we're here for Harry-""Harry Potter? You'll go through those doors. Would you like a menu?""Yes, thanks."Second attendant, standing in front of 4 people lounging in a circle of armchairs. A non-linear cluster."Are you here for Harry Potter?""Yes, is there a li-""The show is completely sold out so you'll need to wait in line." [Do any of you know how to not cut people off mid-sentence?]Me, pointing at the circle of armchairs "Sure, where is the line?""These people were here first, so you'll need to wait in line.""Absolutely, where is the line?"..."These people were here first, so you'll need to wait in line.""Ok, but where is it? Sort of to the left of the cluster? To the right?""These people were here first--" [not joking about how many times he repeated this phrase]Boyfriend: "Ok, thanks very much.""Would you like a menu?"One star off for improper droid maintenance. Another star off for an extra $6 mysteriously showing up on our bill [unless the medium popcorn cost $10], and then also an AUTOMATIC GRATUITY. What the hell? This is just a movie theater! There were only two of us! Where does Cinetopia get off adding their own 15% gratuity to our food bill and then having the nerve to leave an extra blank tip line? What is that for? A second tip? For the robots? Where does the first tip go?Also, the food trays are sort of a joke. If you're going to push for people to buy your "gourmet food" to eat in the theater, you maybe want one tray per seat, instead of one tray to share with absolute strangers. There were soo many plates of food being awkwardly balanced in the laps of the sold out show. Surely the $15 per person ticket price and the mandatory gratuity(!!!!!!!!!!!!) cover expenses enough that the theater can afford one tiny plastic tray per person...
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,10/22/2009,758,866,9,16,13>I have found heaven on earth and it's at HairM. I came in without a reservation and was lucky they could fit me in. "Pro Tip": Get a reservation before coming. After deciding on a cut  - I chose the king's cut that includes a 10 minute massage, I was presented with a choice of complimentary beverages including wine, beer, coffee, and soda at their bar. Yes, there is a bar area inside the salon. I went with the Widmer drifter pale ale and then was taken by my stylist to the back area. At the stations you can watch TV or browse the internet on your personal LCD screen (I have included pictures). Drinking my beer while getting my haircut was a new experience that I enjoyed. They shave your neck using a straight blade that gives a very smooth feel. After the cut, I went to get the scalp massage that used tea tree shampoo with a invigorating mint smell and left my skull with a stong relaxing tingle. Hot towels are applied to the face halfway through the massage. After the massage was over I was offered another beer which I gladly accepted. I finished the beer while watching ESPN at the bar area and was then on my way after paying. Every man owes it to himself to try HairM at least once. They have two locations, one in Beaverton and one in Portland. The price is double a normal haircut, but easily justified with the treatment and refreshments you are given.You really are treated like a King, exactly as advertised.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/11/2009,10/21/2009,141,355,19,16,15>"But do you have any drink specials that involve fire?" a friend asked the kind waitress as she reached for her wrinkled ticket book. "uh... the building is from the 50's and the ceiling is made from cork... so..."Holy hell, really? My eyes shot upward. What do you want to bet that chocolate brown ceiling was actually snow white when the place opened?  The decades of cigarette smoke that have infiltrated the wood paneling booths and kitschy tiki paraphernalia have obviously left their mark even after the smoking ban of aught nine.  And although the dark colors and ambiance are actually the resultant of interior design trends of days gone by, it just goes to show if you wait long enough your decor will be cool again.  So one has to wonder... Who needs a fiery beverage when you can have a tropical themed cocktail that appears to levitate within a luminous cloud of awesome?Of course it kind of has to be your thing.  Honestly I got diabetes inducing sugary sweet drinks out of my system in college, as did my friends. So as we crowded together in a booth and ordered what turned out be weakly poured well drinks we took turns flipping through the four inch binder of songs for the Karaoke and flagging down the waitress (a challenge in itself) for another round. Here's a place where you order two drinks at a time and call for another round halfway between them.  On a packed weekend night expect a good 15 minute wait for table service.  God help you if they have to change a keg and it will be a half hour before your pint will show up.  But in that time you've got the spectacle of song and dance, of a lively Karaoke Jockey running the show, and the joy of shouting "YOU SHOULD TOTALLY SING THAT BILLY IDOL SONG!" across the table to your mates.  Yes, it's as dated as the audio-animitronic  Enchanted Tiki Room show at Disneyland, and arguably the karaoke singing is just as a bad as squawking of the macaw hosts. But from sweet drinks to screeching sounds, and from visual overload to the unavoidable touchy closeness of patrons at Portland's Alibi your senses will be challenged.  And you can be damn sure they will loose.Just like when cork meets fire. Or so I hear.
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,10/20/2009,276,315,15,17,17>I sort of promised my buddy Dickey that I wasn't going to Yelp about this place because he feared that it will then no longer be his 'secret find' when hordes of Yeeps try it out for themselves.  But it would be un-Yeeplike of me to review a new place-- and a breakfast place at that-- so...sorry, Dickey.This is one honest-to-goodness diner that would've been difficult to spot unless you knew what you were looking for or lived in the area (or checked Yelp beforehand).  In fact, I kept taunting Dickey about whether or not he really knew where we were going as we seemed to be simply driving endlessly on North Front Avenue, to which he replied: "Would you shut the f*ck up? I've been going to this place for years; of course, I know where the f*ck it is!"(Clearly, he needed some breakfast. Pronto...)We finally get there, and find immediate parking in its nondescript lot.  The restaurant's diminutive exterior belies the spacious yet cozy interior, replete with booths, tallboys and bistro style seating.  The dark woods are reminiscent of a place that's been around forever and, indeed as stated on the back of their menu, the structure was built in the late 20's.The breakfast menu was extensive with nomenclatures tinged with Portland landmarks.  I cannot remember now the name of what I'd ordered but it's their chicken fried steak breakfast, which came with hashbrowns, two eggs any style and toast.  It was heavenly-- the breaded steak and the country gravy had just the right amount of saltiness to make it savory without being overpowering; the eggs over easy were nearly perfect, as if God had fried them; and the hashbrowns were crispy yet light.  There wasn't a lot of grease coming out of this greasy spoon.  And, at $7.25 USD, it was affordable.  The coffee ($1.85 USD) was diner quality but with enough cream and sugar tasted alright.  It was ten thirty in the morning and I was starving, so the grub hit the spot, but I wouldn't necessarily say I was blown away.  But, I'll tell you what, I'll definitely be back if only to try their other creations, especially the ones served with bacon strips, which seemed to have been extracted from incredibly gargantuan swines-- them bacon strips were enormous, yo!The breakfast servers were of the mature lot and it was at once arousing and revolting to see them slither through the tables in their Daisy Dukes.  At least they kept my cup of decaf flowing...I see a bevy of 'four star' reviews for this place but I'd have to think that something's gotta tip them over to make them earn that fifth star.  I intend to find out what the something is when I come back again. And again. And again...
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,10/19/2009,30,101,5,10,9>Bike by this coffee a couple times a week and always wanted to stop in, but I was boycotting because they have no bike rack outside.  I have since discovered after stopping in via "automobile" (said Long Duk Dong style from Sixteen Candles), that I was missing out.  4 stars and I haven't even tried the food, yet. I just ran in to grab a coffee, and could have ended up hanging there for hours.  They use Caffe Umbria coffee which performed outstandingly in my Mexican Mocha.  Capitol is such a cozy spot that sucks you in from the moment you walk through it's doors.  The staff, the decor, the music, all right up my alley and I also notice a few sign posts around that I'll be able to lock my bike up to in the future. Looking forward to visiting Capitol many times for many years in the future.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,10/6/2012,194,364,8,11,10>Wow... Anyone that wants the freshest, highest quality, SPICIEST thai food in town needs to at least try this place.  Yes, it's probably the most expensive Thai cuisine in Portland (avg $8-10 for appetizer and $16 for entree like curry, noodles, etc), and they get busy fast with one cook and one waiter cooking it only when ordered (reservation recommended), and they have limited hours only for dinner, and it's only cash or check payments, BUT it's still worth visiting. One of the most interesting things I found is how closely this place resembled Khun Pic's Thai on Belmont: One Thai cook and one waiter, in an antique 2-story house, serving up the best Thai food she can cook without cutting corners for quantity or price, with the biggest difference being that Lemongrass can bring the heat!  According to the waiter: Level 1/2 of 20 is a "mild" in the minds of most people.  Level 1 of 20 is "medium"Level 2 of 20 is hotLevel 3 of 20 is supposedly as hot as you'll find in almost all of PDXAnd that leaves the other 17 levels for you to try at your own risk, and really see how much you love capsaicin :-)If you go, you HAVE to try the fried drumsticks ($10 for 4) (amazing thick, flavorful breading) and khao soi....and it wouldn't be a bad idea to order a thai ice tea to put out the fire in your mouth :-)Finally, don't forget to bring CASH or CHECK! No credit cards!!!
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,10/5/2012,637,638,7,9,8>Hey...you over there. I'll let you in on a little secret about Nicholas. They Mezza Platter for one, can feed two very hungry adults no problem. We leave full to the brim, for the low price of around $11. Like unbutton your pants to drive home kind of full. My boyfriend and I always spit the Vegetarian Mezza.  This platter comes with humus, 3 falafel balls, tabouli salad, spinach pie, manakish, and tahziki. All meals come with this gigantic warm tortilla/bread-ish thing. I don't know what it's called, but I know I like it. Once I figured this trick out, I haven't really strayed. I have had the meat mezza which is likewise great! I have never encountered much of a wait at this particular location. It's a bit bigger then the one on grand which is always poppin' off. If you're looking for a gut busting delicious cheap date, your pal Nicholas has your back.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,10/4/2012,327,281,7,6,8>You say po-TAY-to, I say po-TAH-to, you say tom-AY-to, I say to-MAH-to,po-TAY-to, po-TAH-to, to-MAY-to, to-MAH-to, it didn't ruin the meallll...But seriously, do like this place.  It's very open and spacious without being intimidatingly huge.  Lots of windows, light and airy, the staff is pleasant and efficient. I ordered a breakfast platter, I think it was called the Standby or something like that.  The eggs were buttery and good, the chicken Italian sausage was excellent; the biscuit had a slightly heavy texture, not light and fluffy, but the flavor was really good. The potatoes were the worst part of the meal, hence, the intro to this review. They were sort of mushy and moist without much in the way of taste.  It didn't ruin the meal though.  I was also a bit taken aback that the jam was in squirt bottles, it seemed like the cheap, processed stuff. They serve Stumptown coffee and have lots of reading material. I also enjoy that New Deal is in a residential area, it feels quiet and calm.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,10/3/2012,194,499,8,14,12>Summer weekends in Ochoa's is a different experience. The patio is open, and there is huge open fires of mesquite fired butterfied chickens. They slowly cook, flipped in a line; to the right, those are ready to eat, to the left, the ones first pulled from the garlic and citrus marinade, slowly roasted until crunchy on the outside, fruity and garlicky soft on the inside.Chomp into a piece, wiping the grease, the salsa off your face with a tortilla and add a little chicken to this odd combination and enjoy it all over again.There is cold cerveza in ice buckets and jugs of crushed fruit and iced drinks to sip and cool off with. The families are in the early evenings and as the night wears on, the younger and the younger at heart take over the patios and the parking lot.The rancheras music goes all night; in Mexico, all generations listen to this when enjoying a festival, because today is just as good as any other for a celebration. The old ones enjoy the music for what it reminds them of, the young, it is what is familiar from their childhood and the memories that are made now.These dinners work out to about $5 or so each, plus drinks. No McDonaldland toys. Come see why others appreciate this sort of evening out. There may be some suspiciousness as you first show up as a tentative gringo, but buy a drink, smile and cheerfully say "Bueno!". Before you know it, you will meet all of these hombres and familia that you never knew you had.
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,10/2/2012,376,599,21,21,28>Sure, the event shuts down the city and traffic for a couple of flesh-colored, neon lit hours. Yes, you see lots of balls and boobs and bits, not to mention enough body glitter and paint to decorate a Cirque du Soleil troupe for a multi-month run. If setting your virgin eyes upon such sights upsets you, then camp out in North Portland, your bunker, or even Vantucky for the evening and don't watch. And yes, you probably learn about the annual naked bike ride and wonder why. That's healthy. It's always good to question the reasons for things. Some other suggestions of things to question could include: How do you keep the swinging pendulum action from getting caught in anything? Is there etiquette when it comes to borrowing a bike for the naked bike ride? How naked should you go? Are shoes acceptable? I can help you with those questions. I don't know. I don't have any swinging pendulum action, although I did say at least once that it was hard to steer my bike because my dick is so big,Unless you plan to replace the seat of your friend's bike, use your own.As much as you'd like! The only articles that you really shouldn't skimp on are your footwear and a bag to carry your essentials. Just plan ahead, as body paint and backpacks don't play so well together. Costume gear such as masks, fairy wings, and wigs are cool and can help you appear less recognizable, but seriously, good luck with that. I know that about 15 minutes into the ride, I totally made eye contact with a person standing on the sidewalk and realized that she was a casual acquaintance. As I pedalled away, I heard her say, "Oh my gosh, I know that girl! The one in the pink wig!" So much for anonymity. I haven't really gotten yet to the answer regarding the why. Why indeed. What would possess you with the urge to strip to your birthday suit among thousands of like-minded strangers and ride a bike through a city at night not known for being particularly warm to even the clothed? Let me back up to explain my reasons why. I'd watched previous years' rides from the sidelines. Unless you are blind or fatally uninterested in other human beings, it is impossible not to. And I'd wondered why, too. Then during the 2011 naked bike ride, I found myself on Belmont attempting to cross the street to get to the second bar of the night but forcibly intercepted by the riders en route towards the east. For what must have been an hour, I stood gawking with everyone else at all the tattoos and crayon-colored hair and whirling spokes and pointed nipples. And while lots of sounds erupted from the riders - hollers of triumph and grunts at the chilliness of the air and the swish of tires against the wet asphalt - the one phrase that stuck with me was the epithet, "Perverts!" That was what a few of the ride participants shouted at the spectators. Because even though the instinct is to label the hardly-clad freaks on the bikes as the deviant ones, it's the people who sit and watch who become more suspect. The naked bike riders may get the stares, the judgement, and the turtle effect on their private parts, but they also get the adrenaline rush, the high fives, the police escorts, the major streets free of cars, and the up-for-grabs donuts (FOR REALS - thank you Staccato Gelato!). A few months after the 2011 naked bike ride, Kathy died and I found myself wondering in moments of banal trepidation, "What would Kathy do?" That girl was many things, but she was no mere watcher.Kathy's passing wasn't the only reminder that stuff you take for granted would one day go away. I would have one more beer the night before, and when I woke up the next morning trying to shake the freight train from my skull, I realized I couldn't drink the way I used to. I would aggravate a shoulder or my back or some major muscle doing some standard action, and I got the message that my body would someday become unreliable and weak. On some nights, Ter and I would play "How's our future lookin'?" and the glimpses involved dumb things like property taxes and early morning diaper changes and not awesome things like leaving town at the drop of a hat or staying out all night just because.Then in 2012, the weather on the day the ride was scheduled all but begged you to shed your layers and ride a bike. And in order to handle things like your life's eventual morphing into something totally unlike yours, you have to be brave, right? So Ter put on a hat, I pinned on a wig, we both plastered on temporary tattoos that say Portland in hearts, and we got on our bikes. Why ride naked? Why the fuck not?
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,10/1/2012,320,479,12,7,13>Raindrops on roses and whiskers on kittensVintage shops on Burnside selling all things that glistenAll sales packaged up and tied up with stringsThese are a few of my favorite thingsVintage dream dresses and angora sweatersPurses and shoes for all fancy occaisonsDainty white 'kerchiefs to touch up your noseThese are a few of my favorite thingsWhen the fain falls When the rain never ever stops falling When I'm feeling sad I simply pop into Lulu's boutique And then I don't feel so bad
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,9/30/2012,429,96,6,13,9>4.5 stars~ My family and I have been doing hot yoga in the same building complex and decided to try Pizza Nostra. And boy are we glad we did! I would have to say one of the best pizza places I've been to. Honestly, from the outside it doesn't look like much and is easy to look over but I assure you, the pizza is delicious. Flavors are on blast. We tried the Pesto Pollo (pesto sauce, mozzarella cheese, grilled chicken, feta, tomatoes, roasted garlic, artichoke hearts) and the Maui Chicken (BBQ sauce, mozzarella cheese, BBQ chicken, crispy bacon, pineapple, red onions). Both were on point! Flavorful with unique topping combinations. And the best part - THE DOUGH!!! Perfect, fluffy, airy dough with the chewy fresh quality. By far the best pizza dough I've had. I watched them hand toss the pizza dough which means its definitely gonna be good. The crispy bacon on the Maui Chicken was the perfect dosage of saltiness on the sweet BBQ flavor. You can build your own pizzas here too! Check out the toppings list, quite extensive and unique... like cashews and eggplant? Holy cow. They are locally owned and operated. The sad part is, we were there during the dinner hour and it didn't seem very busy... Unfortunate because more people should know about this place!! Please go support this business, you'll be glad. I promise :)
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,9/29/2012,106,368,,8,9>Social Lies Pub & Grill is a neat little restaurant right on 1st street in downtown Hillsboro. This delightful pub offers extended hours and a simplicity theme that extends to the exterior, the interior, and the menu.Service here is hospitable, friendly, helpful, and attentive. Our server, bless her heart, talked us out of having nachos with our hamburgers. When we received our burgers we were so very glad she did! The food proportions at Social Lies Put & Grill are enormous. The menu is concise and focuses on items like burgers, sandwiches, fish and chips, salads, and appetizers. Most of the items are below $10. On our visit we opted for the "Morning Burger." This brought us a burger consisting of two 1/3 pound hamburger patties, ham, and fried egg in an onion roll. One of the best if not the best hamburger I have ever had.Social Lies Pub & Grill serves homemade potato chips with the burgers. They sprinkle the chips with parmesan cheese and my goodness gracious they are to die for. The homemade potato chips are so tasty that they don't even need dipping sauces. Social Lies is a pub that cares about their food service and it definitely shows. I've reached a point in my life where just about all I need is a tasty hamburger, some good company, a brew, and being treated well to make me happy. Social Lies Pub & Grill filled my belly and warmed my soul on a hot Hillsboro night.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,9/28/2012,63,92,8,16,16>Never did I dream, that while in Portland, I'd hear the kitchen erupt in joy as Alex Rios hit a game changing HR. Yes, it was like being back in Chicago. And, not any part of Chicago, but a part of Chicago where the folks know which team to root for. Usually, when I say I'm from Chicago, I am asked if I'm a Cub fan. And, as usual, I have to respond that no, I actually like baseball and not getting drunk in the bleachers of a urine soaked dilapidated stadium, so I'm a Sox fan. As a Chicago native, it made me feel like I was home.The staff is amazingly friendly. As soon as the owner saw my Bears hat, an instant connection was made... especially after I told him I was a Sox fan. A lot of small touches scream Chicago.. but only if you know where to look. The pizza is wrapped in paper, not a cardboard box. 2 liter pop (yes, i said POP), is offered with full pizzas like its a completely normal purchase. I know this is a pizza place, but the star of the show is the Italian Beef sandwich. The Beef is imported from Chicago, so finally somewhere in the PDX vicinity has the real deal. The bread isn't as perfect as I would hope and the giardiniera(sp?) has a little less spice than I associate with the sandwich, but the beef itself really makes up for it. If you want to really pretend your in Chicago, ask them to dip the sandwich. (whole thing, right in the juice in the kitchen). The owner has been trying to explain the process to the staff.. help him out by asking for it! Please, ask them to remove the plain onions/peppers/cheese. You are not in Philly. Now to the pizza. Its sauce to the edge, just like the best places in Chicago (we have more than deep dish). The toppings are superb, i especially enjoyed the portabello mushroom slices. AFTER I ordered, I heard the sausage was also imported from Chicago... missed opportunity there. The pizza isn't exactly like MY hometown pizza joint (Johnnies Pizza on Western.. recommend highly next time your in Chi-town), but it is exactly like pizza I have had at other people's favorite places. Its a personal taste whether you enjoy the crust, but it is definitely authentic to some regions in Chicago. Finally, how can you not love a joint that gives a 10% discount if you're wearing some Chicago sports gear? (I really hope the Cubs don't count...)
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,9/27/2012,457,244,17,14,14>Won't go down. It was a problem.  One that I was a little ashamed to be telling a stranger I'd just met.  Surely this isn't a problem a married suburbanite of average to above average looks should be having.  At least that is what I told myself before eventually calling for help.I'd hit the magic button. Fast. Slow.  Repeatedly.  I'd hit it against the wall, in the car; hell, I'd hit it in the driveway for the entire neighborhood to see. I'd say nice things, or turn mean and use terms like "bitch" and "whore".  It just didn't matter. My efforts were rewarded with a couple inches of satisfaction for a brief second, and then right back up, unless I kept my finger on the button, forcing it down.  By the time it eventually happened, I was tired, angry, and my finger would be numb from the constant button manipulation.At first it was only on hot days. Eventually, it became an everyday annoyance.Would you open up for me?  Sure, no problem. Now what about going down? Not on your life.So I called in an expert.  First off, I was shocked to learn that two at the same time is now illegal. Seems like some draconian law you'd hear about in the South.We decided on a course of action, but it didn't do the trick.  There was now an overhang and I was far from satisfied with the results.  But in the end, we worked out a resolution and eventually had two new state of the art garage door openers installed.  I was impressed with their willingness to fix their mistake and to work out a deal on the more expensive option that I think was beneficial for both of us.And really, isn't that what we all are looking for?  A relationship where both parties are satisfied.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,10/12/2013,43,246,14,13,10>Awhile back, my dog showed us a new trick.It's called the Grand Mal seizure trick.As an added bonus, he expressed his anal glands across half our bedroom.Yay.His seizure occured at 8 PM on a Monday. It lasted about one minute.I would not wish that minute upon you if your name was Saddam Hitler and you turned out to be the punk that stole all my musical equipment in 1981.Around here, there's only one place to go.If you do end up here, you are in the best of hands.All the usual superlatives apply; caring, gentle, thorough, professional, patient.They also appear to have a good working relationship with virtually every veterinarian in Clark County. They kindly informed me that I could get one of the diagnostic tests done at my vet's for 40.00 cheaper and it would do no harm to wait a day. How nice, in a world where everyone wants to up-sell everything.My favorite part of the evening was when 2 of the employees took Fred out into the yard to try to get a urine sample. They used a cup attached to the end of a stick.Pro Tip: do NOT show Fred anything involving a stick and expect any result other than funtime.I was given a lot of good information about what to watch for pre- seizure, what to expect during and after a seizure and possible behavior changes. After his last episode, he got very verbal, almost "bitey". Obviously trying to tell me something.Fred's on meds now. He's a bit different than he was but still retains his essential glorious Fredness.....time will tell. Take care of your babies.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2013,10/11/2013,251,648,4,16,12>Teote Areperia is such a warm, welcoming, funky cool place with delicious food! I love the gluten-free arepas and the food is so delicious and in such abundance that it is amazing! We haven't had the alcoholic drinks, but I can attest to the deliciousness of the agua frescas (or starters for mixed drinks): watermelon-lime and blackberry-sage: amazing!They have vegan and vegetarian bowls. I personally love the Reina Pepiada ($6), whichi s Draper Valley chicken & avocado salad, greens, crema, lemon and queso. It's so refreshing! My partner loves the El Diablo ($6): pork belly in a red chili maple sauce. It's so tender.The restaurant is spacious! There's a first floor (with bar) where you order.The second floor has a deck with cool windows that overlook the street, skylights and booths with another full bar. The outdoor area is incredible with a fire pit, outdoor seating, and another full bar! They really could not have picked a better spot, location-wise, and they have transformed it into something magical! The staff is always laid-back, friendly, and responsive.I know that I use the word, amazing a lot in this review. That's because it is! Teote Areperia is my new favorite restaurant!!!
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,10/10/2013,44,96,1,10,6>Honestly, I wasn't expecting much from this restaurant, as it has recently opened up in a space where a lot of businesses have come and gone.There were no other patrons in the restaurant, but we live right down the street and thought we should give this new business a try.I loved it!  It far exceeded my expectations.  I only wanted and expected decent, standard Thai, but this was exceptionally delicious Thai, better than most of the other places I've been to around town.We decided to go with what we consider benchmarks for a Thai restaurant:  the summer rolls, the pad thai, and some kind of curry.  Just as a way to evaluate against other places in town.The summer rolls were excellent:  very big, with lots of fresh delicious veggies and perfectly cooked shrimp.  The peanut sauce was soooo good, and they had these delicately carved veggie garnishes that looked like they took some time to prepare.The panang curry came next, which I asked for 4-star spicy (out of 5) and BOY was it spicy which is what i wanted!  Some restaurants say spicy, but fail to deliver.  I got what I asked for and it was delicious.  I will say that some of the green beans were slightly undercooked, but I would rather have that than overcooked and we pretty much finished the plate.  The shrimp was very fresh and again, cooked perfectly.  I also requested brown rice instead of white, and still got white, but hey accidents happen, and it's still rice, so I didn't mind too much, at least not enough to send it back or alert the server.Finally, the pad thai noodles with shrimp.  So good!  Very spicy as well, with lots of fresh ground peanut, green onion, fresh shrimp, lime, egg, etc.  The noodles were an excellent texture and perfectly cooked.  Excellent plate of pad thai, and very generous portion.  I hope this place gets a following and does well, it's 2 blocks from our home and the people are very nice.  Service was great!  And lots of outdoor seating for these beautiful Portland days we're having right now.  We tied the dog up underneath the seat and had an awesome family dinner.Give this place a try!  I loved it.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,10/9/2013,138,174,11,11,11>My feline companions have all been from CAT.  This review is actually several years old because it's been a long time since I got my kittens, but I've always had a pleasant experience there.  My wife also volunteered there for a time as well and enjoyed it.  A few notes about this place:* It's a no-kill shelter.* They require all cats and kittens be fixed before being adopted.* You need to promise that your cats will be indoor only.* You need to promise to never declaw your cats.The adoption price is reasonable ranging from $60 to $125 and they occasionally have sales and promotions for discounted adoption costs.  It's a great deal considering all that you get with it such as the spay/neuter surgery, micro-chipping, and vaccinations.  Much of their staff are volunteers and in my dealings with them over the years, I've only had a problem with one of their people (whom doesn't work/volunteer there anymore) with being snobby.Sadly, I can't say I'm looking forward to getting my next cat from CAT because that means either one of my cats have died or I turned into a crazy cat guy, but when that time comes, CAT will be my first choice.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,10/8/2013,466,819,17,19,21>Well. I did it. Broad St. Bomber you have won me over with your ooey gooey cheesy, meaty, goodness. Conversation to myself went a little something like this:Brain: You're on a diet ya know....you shouldn't be eating this....Belly: It's okay...one cheat meal won't kill youBrain: You're going to feel like crap afterwards...you haven't had food like this in a while!Belly: Oh shush. You know you want a Philly Cheese Steak. You LOVE cheese!Brain: You're going to regret thisBelly: You're right. You're probably going to regret this...but belly wins all. Fat kid fo' life.Brain: Oh just order the stinking sandwich. SUE is exactly what it says. You get your food. You shut up, and you eat. You will be so glorified by the amazing sammiches that you truly indeed shut up. Your mouth will be full. Your mouth will be happy. MY NOTES:1. The sandwiches are huge. You could pretty much be good splitting one and perhaps a side dish, but if you're a fat kid like me, you eat the whole damn thing. 2. Prices are fair. Under $10 for a sammy isn't too bad considering what you get. 3. Staff is friendly and the place is clean. 4. Small joint, not much in terms of parking. 5. They serve booze! BOOZE my friends! And tasty concoctions at that. It took me quite some time to get out to SUE. I definitely do not live close but the Bomber was calling my name. I felt way too full...but I couldn't put it down. It was cooked to perfection. Get both the hot and sweet peppers on your sammie and you're good to go. Throw your diet to the wind and come here! You will not be sorry!
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,10/7/2013,10,202,5,9,8>I'm not saying a Cena saved my marriage, but my husband and I were in a snit when we walked in and we were arm and arm when we left.  The heavy pour on the wine helped some.  But the lovely meal and the comfortable place and the friendly staff brought us out of our funk and back to remembering what's important.  It's a pleasant, friendly, not-at-all intimidating place, not fancy, which works for me.  They serve a great lunch and have a decent house wine.  I am rarely in this part of town so I won't be a regular, though it would be on my list if only I lived on the East side.  We met the owner's father (maybe father-in-law) and he was delightful and the kind of guy you'd love to sit around with at the bar.We shared a house-made mozzarella and tomato salad that was very tasty, though the texture of the mozzarella surprised us (it was good-just firmer than I was expecting--but that delicious sweet taste of fresh mozzarella). The ravioli were fantastic-some of the best I've eaten in Portland.  Very thinly rolled and almost translucent.  Pasta like this was why I started to roll my own.  I know some prefer their pasta more al dente but for me the flavor and texture were perfect.  The ravioli/agnolotti was filled with a sweet corn and marscapone an had large bites of lobster in the bowl.  It gave me a filling but not OMG WHAT HAVE I DONE kind of feeling to finish off the bowl. The lobster was a tad chewy but that seems to be the case almost everywhere I've ordered it. Spouse ate the Caramellespinach and ricotta candy wrappers, pomodoro, parmesan and was happy.  I was so into my ravioli I hardly looked up.  It was all scoop and eat and savor and close eyes and say, mmmmm.  Repeat.  Didn't look at his plate to see if I should try some until too late.  We were too full for dessert, but the menu was very appealing.  There was a family with elementary-aged kids at the table next to us.  They were traveling and had Yelped or goggled a Cena and were on their way to Seattle and very glad they'd gotten off the highway to eat here.  That's the kind of place this is: comfort food that can calm the traveler, enough of a taste of Italy for picky eaters like me, and just nice people doing good work and nourishing us when we come to visit.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,10/6/2013,101,508,6,15,7>Being that I had never been to the Someday Lounge, I can't compare the new 5th Avenue Lounge to it. However; my friends that have says it's a huge improvement. What I can say is that this club is a very much needed new spot, for a non-frat party crowd. Before it's opening, the only place grownup's (people with jobs and mortgages) had to go out dancing to was...well, nowhere. The bars in the area cater to really young, fight-starting, out-to-get-wasted-for-as-little-money-as-possible types. 5th Avenue changed all that. Those of us who wanted a classy place - that was worthy of getting dressed up for - now have a really swanky club to call our own. Past the red carpet and suit donning doormen, underneath the crystal light fixtures that resembles a pair of diamond drop earrings, you will find a dance floor. There, everything from Journey to David Guetta gets spun by the DJ. My favorite part of 5th Avenue is the mezzanine. I guess that's because I like to people watch. It has it's own private bar and plenty of cushy seating. It's a great place to rest your stiletto heels for a moment between dancing and mixing and mingling. Moving past the front bar and the dance floor, you have an elevated VIP area, large enough for birthday party thrown by someone with a lot of friends. It's very LA, with it's white leather sofas and table service. To the side of that is a smaller private area that can also be reserved. With it's cube tables, bluish lighting and mirrored wall, it's very "Vegas". Not to be overlooked is one more private area upstairs. With its red plush walls it looks like Hugh Hefner's robe, or Hades for Playmates...but it's really anything but evil. Naughty, but not evil. The "Lounge" is a club at night, but great place to have happy hour after work. Being that it's set right off the max line, a good many of us no longer have to worry about downtown parking or drinking and driving. Lastly, while the establishment looks expensive, they have great food deals and their drink prices are not over-inflated like you would find in New York,  LA or Vegas. Now you can feel like you had a night out in Sin City without the $500 bar tab.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,10/5/2013,219,318,3,6,4>We checked out Chameleon with a friend after seeing the new Star Trek movie and it's a great little find. You have the option of the dining room or the covered patio and we opted for the patio. I guess we really liked the place because we were here for a couple of hours.We were greeted by a friendly chap who offered the space on the patio. It was bright and airy with open windows, a comfortable breeze, and the temperature was perfect. I love enjoying a good meal with great friends and this was it.My Risotto was excellent.  Wild mushrooms and arugula pesto, topped with mascarpone and parmesan cheeses. It was a healthy serving and I could have eaten it all night, it was that good. For dessert we all shared the chocolate cake. OK, I had a bite and the shaved dark chocolate on top is what did it for me. It was excellent.Yeah, we'll do this one again.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,10/4/2013,78,198,4,14,9>I have recently finished all three of my sessions. I will update in the future with results, but already I feel less inclined to go for unhealthy choices. This was my first experience with hypnosis, and it really did seem like I lost track of time. Gary is very good at putting you in a relaxed state, and brings up great ideas of how to incorporate weight loss into everyday life without making it a pain. He has a manner that just puts you at ease. The office is calm and comfortable, parking is convenient and he works around your schedule. He even sends you MP-3's with the sessions so you can listen to them again. This is a great service. However, I'm not that technical and don't have a program to burn MP-3's, so Gary made me one right at our session. After our last session, I tried to use the CD and it didn't work, so he sent me the files again, and even mailed me out another copy. I rarely get service that goes above and beyond like that. I would recommend his services to anyone.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,10/3/2013,33,86,1,6,6>Kurata is an awesome little Japanese restaurant. The staff are welcoming and friendly. It's located in a cute neighborhood in Lake Oswego with easy parking. Myself and one other person arrived Friday night around 7:30pm and were able to get seated right away. We had a tough time deciding what to order because everything sounded delicious. I would definitely recommend basing the bulk of your dinner off the appetizer/small plates. We ordered the thinly sliced beef wrapped around asparagus and sweet miso eggplant - both were fantastic. The yellowtail sushi bowl was tasty, a few pieces of chewy skin but still very fresh.For the price and quality of food and service, Kurata is a place you HAVE to try. The sushi is fresh and high-quality but go for the small plates first! I looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2007,1/11/2008,33,169,1,3,2>This place is fun! I have been here several times now and I really love coming here. They usually have quite a few nice wines which they pour, but they also have a pretty big bottle selection to choose from if you are wanting something special. The last time I went to Vino Vixens, I brought my folks and we sat in the back room where there are a bunch of comfy couches and chairs. It was great! While we were there the owner came over and joked around with us, but was in no way invasive. They have a lot of events here too. There has been two times where they have been setting up, or in the middle of, events in the back room. The first time, they were acting out a book with the author, and the second time a local author was doing a reading and (I believe) a book signing. Though I did not attend either.I really like going to Vino Vixens, and I would have scored the place 5 stars, but they do not serve ANY food! Not even crackers! If this place put a small cheese plate or baguette on their menu it would be perfect. Also, I wish there was more of a focus on Oregon wines, but oh well! Still a nice place with a very personable staff.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2007,1/10/2008,16,35,5,6,5>I love Urban Waxx THHHHHHHHHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSSS much!Now ladies, you gotta go to a legit waxing place if you want to come out with your dignity and not bleeding. (no, a $15 wax at a cheapo nail salon is probably not going to do the trick).This place was serioulsy painless and everything was super easy from the parking, to checking in to the deed itself.I saw Mindy and she rocks my world - great to talk to & very quick - it was over before I knew it.  I will be going here for a long time.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2007,1/9/2008,9,21,1,5,2>I originally started coming to this bar as a place to meet up with friends before a movie at the Laurelhurst, but eventually stopped coming because they only had beer and wine, opting instead for the Chin Yen lounge.  Last summer I met someone here and noticed they were now serving liquor so I asked how long that had been going on.  The bartender shrugged and said "i've been here a year and we've had it since then".  Woah.  Mind-blowing!  Well I love the cheap stiff drinks at Chin Yen, but the atmosphere at beulahland is pretty much perfect so now it's back to Beaulahland.  Besides, there is usually a drink special for around $3, and it's often something nice like a mint julep, not just some shitty cocktail that should cost $3 anyway.They also list all of the current Laurelhurst movie showtimes on a chalkboard on the wall, which is just one of their many examples of how to have a cool bar.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2007,1/8/2008,5,10,2,3,5>A narrow little wine bar on N Mississippi, Lupa is my favorite place to go have an after work drink to wind down or to buy that bottle of wine you forgot to grab at the store for your dinner party. The owner is unpretentious, informative, and sweet. The interior is what makes me swoon. High ceilings, dark woods and amber lights, exposed brick and deep colors - Lupa makes you feel transported far from your own life - to a place where you are more chic, academic, and exotic than normal. The prices are reasonable, the food a fantastic compliment to the wines, the selection (floor to ceiling wine rack!) is impeccable. I really can't say enough great things about this hidden gem of a bar.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,1/7/2008,25,33,6,4,5>I lived in Seattle for six years, bouncing around from stylist to stylist, on a continual hunt for The One.  More often than not, I'd walk away with orangish highlights that were supposed to be flame red, or looking like a porcupine instead of a pixie (I mean, they both start with "P" so maybe she just didn't understand me), or layers that made me look like I was wearing a Farrah Fawcett wig that had been left in an alley and rained upon, or with a general feeling of discontent.  When I moved to Portland two months ago I was terrified of going through another round of awful cuts.  So terrified in fact, that I waited until my roots had gone from Sienna Miller to Kim Mathers, I was scanning our employee handbook to see if wearing a bandanna to work fell into the "business casual" category, and was seriously contemplating driving for 3.5 hours to have my previous stylist fix my hair.  And then I found Salon 77 (thank you, Yelp).  I have to admit, I was slightly dubious because I thought of myself as more of a South East type of girl as opposed to Pearl District, but their logo (what can I say, I like things with flames) convinced me to give them a call.  Unlike some hip/trendy salons I've been to, the receptionist was uber sweet.  She heard the desperation in my voice when I called and managed to squeeze me in that day, gave me directions when I got lost (NE Glisan versus NW Glisan...ooopsies), and didn't let one giggle escape when I sheepishly poked my head out of the changing room and asked "Wait...I'm not supposed to get completely undressed before I put on this robe thingy...right?"  (Note-the answer is No).  The salon has a chic loft feel - high ceilings, hardwood floors, rad urban artwork on the walls, yummy coffee, and plush couches.  My appointment was with Mandy, who asked all the right questions (short term plan, long term plan, history of hair, curly or straight, etc), listened intently, and gave me her opinion in a non-pushy way.  I explained that my goals were to get rid of the aforementioned highlights, do something (please god anything) to ease the agonizing process of growing out my hair, and that I needed a low maintenance cut because...well because I'm not exactly a morning person and really feel that 45 minutes is better spent sleeping than blow drying, straightening, and dealing with product.  Mandy suggested layers, and correctly read the expression on my face as panic (see reference to bad Farrah Fawcett wig).  She reassured me that they would be subtle, give my hair shape and body, and would work both straight and wavy.  Since I was about two days away from wearing a bandana to my job, company dress code policy be-damned, I figured it would be wise to trust the professional.  One hour later...my hair was a rich deep brown color (as an added bonus the dye she used didn't have that potent chemical smell, so I wasn't high from the fumes wafting from my head), my scalp was tingly from the minty shampoo and awesome massage, and my cut was perfect - flattering, low maintenance, and edgy without being trendy.  Throughout the process Mandy made sure I was supplied with the latest gossip mags, and was friendly and chatty while still respecting my need to find out if Brad and Angelina are really splitting up.  I left with another appointment scheduled with Mandy and $120 poorer (including cut, color, and tip).  It was up there in the "Best $ I've Ever Spent" Category...the others being $15 sunscreen for the Vegas poolside (oh wait, that's money I should have spent but didn't), $130 for the perfect denim, and $14 to see Fugazi play two shows.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,1/6/2008,161,226,11,12,8>matchmaker matchmaker make me a match...Boly Welch is great.  As a recent college graduate just returned to Portland, living with my parents, the last thing I wanted to do was start temping. I pictured it being depressing and horrible and my mom told me I had to wear nylons in the middle of the summer. I felt very oppressed.Then I talked to some people and it turns out temping is a total post-college standard (among other times).  And everyone I talked to went to Boly Welch. So I did too.I just walked in off the street, which I didn't realize wasn't par for the course, so you should call first if you're interested.  But they set me up with an interview and some testing and despite having pretty much NO office experience, they got me jobs straightaway. I think they see a good number of people though, so be persistent and keep calling them if they don't get in touch with you right away.Lots of different jobs- short-term, long-term, mostly fairly easy, one REALLY hard (but hey, now I know I can totally be an ophthalmologist's assistant), and you can specify what part of town/suburbs you're willing to travel to. I think I never made below $10/hour, which for some of those jobs, was pretty outstanding, and I didn't even have to wear restrictive hosiery.I also worked in their office a couple times and I knew that it was owned by two women- Diane Boly and Pat Welch- but it was also primarily run by a handful of badass women who are totally serious and stoked to get you a job that suits you.Also, much to my delight, I met my first Portland pal at a temp job and now she's my best bud. totally 9 to 5, right?
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,1/3/2008,11,5,1,4,3>I finally got around to visiting decarli on saturday night, i'd been trying to get over there for 2 weeks, but it just wouldn't work out.  let me tell you, it was worth the wait.  the food was delicious.  Mussels, beet and pear salad, potato and mushroom gnocchi, and seafood risotto were all spectacular.  we also had the bread pudding, and the pear chocolate tart, also great.  the wine selection was small, but well rounded and reasonably priced, and our waiter picked out an excellent bottle for us.  its kinda out of the way (who thought anything good could be eaten in beaverton?) but the staff, ambiance, and most importantly the food more then make up for it.
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,1/2/2008,141,355,6,6,4>My name is Jenny and I'm an architecture student.  That means if I'm not spending money on caffeine to stay awake (see stumptown review), I'm spending money to build neat looking stuff (arguably).  Art Media has all the paper, pens, model supplies I could ever need.  And it's on a Max line, so I can get it back to studio in once piece, another plus.  Sure, it's a bit expensive, but for high quality materials you can't go wrong.
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2007,1/1/2008,14,25,2,5,3>I'll just come out and say it: I love Claudia's.First off, yes, it is a sports bar and by that I really do mean that it is a sports bar and not something masquerading as one. If you're coming here looking for a dive but want nothing do with men & women watching any conceivable American sport under the sun, then this probably isn't going to be your place.What I love about Claudia's is that they do take the sports seriously, unlike some sports bars I've been to when they, by default, just have whatever's on ESPN showing. They have lists in the bathrooms letting their patrons know what they'll be showing during various days and are always willing to find your game on the television. On the other hand, while it is a sports bar, it's not just full of stereotypical jocks and meatheads. I'm not really someone who looks like they'd be a huge sports nut (our UPS guy at work once said to me: "You? You watch hockey?") but the crowd at Claudia's is a good mix of people who happen to love sports. No one's going to beat you up for wearing a pink t-shirt or because your collar is not "popped". After all, we're still in Southeast Portland.The food is your typical bar food. It hits the spot, but I've never been to Claudia's specifically so that I can have their food. I like the pesto chicken sandwich and the fact that they serve many of their burgers and sandwiches with chips. The pizza is okay, nothing to write home about, but they have a wide selection of beer both on tap and in bottles/cans. They also have a smaller selection of hard liquor available.Karaoke is available here and it is, for the most part, always pretty quiet. I consistently would get to sing three times a night, to the point where I couldn't think of anything else to sing. One of the employees, Eric, always does Pantera songs and the like and it's great to watch. Outside of karaoke, all the servers, waitstaff and bartenders are incredibly nice people. I've been coming here for three or four years and have never had a bad experience with any of them.For any Oregon Ducks fans who are interested, this is the place to go when the football game is supposedly not available on any TV. They will always have it at Claudia's. Not to mention that those are the fun ones to watch there as the place is packed, with everyone cheering for the Ducks.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,12/31/2007,8,19,10,8,8>This wonderful kerfuffle is a perfect representation of Portland and their love for the alcohol. You will rarely spend more than $30 on your future hangover.      This is not a place for the weak of heart, soul, stomach, or liver. This is a place where men are men and children remained leashed up outside. You will most definitely come across a fellow or two that are so pale that you will certainly assume they are vegan...or albino. Hell, they might even be dead, but all you have to do to check is turn on the perfectly capable jukebox to see if they start moving to the hardcore beats of the Postal Service.       If you don't like to drink, remain outdoors. This is not a place to invite Grandma Priscilla to for a nice petit a four. This is whiskey, this is smoke, punk rock, tattoos and grit all rolled into one lovely evening. Are you one that enjoys fruity drinks? Then stay far, far away my friend...as you will most certainly hear the complaining from the assertive customers in the line behind you...most likely they will be slurring about how they can't believe that you won't just order a shot of whiskey....go to Aura for your 3 part blended drinks, my friend.     All in all, one of the best/dirtiest/grittiest bars in town. Oh, and if you're a Portlander, you should know that Elliot Smith used to scratch out his heroin-induced melodies on these very tables.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,5/20/2010,66,161,11,11,10>I really thought I would hate this place. I really figured I would loathe this place. I always had the impression that this was one of those meat market sort of places where everyone would just grind up on each other in a drunken stupor. I was wrong and pleasantly surprised.I came here on a Friday night to a decently sized crowd after 11. I was really mad when the chick at the door said if we would have gotten there only 30 minutes earlier, girls wouldn't have had to pay the $5 fee. At first, I was thinking "What? They charge at the door, in Vancouver? Why the hell have we come here? And why in the world are they telling me I could have gotten in for free earlier?" Anyways, I paid because that is where our large group (two friends' birthday party of course). As you walk in to the place, it is sectioned into three areas. There is a well lit sitting area with lots of booths and tables so you can drink, eat, and watch some tv, there is a pool table area, and then the dark dance floor which had its own sitting area as well. The bar is huge with a large selection separating the booths and tables from the pool tables. We got a table quickly for all of us then snagged some drinks (awesome pours, I was so proud to have found a place in the Couve!) and some bar food since this was the second stop of the evening. As I looked around, I realized that there were people other then the usual popped collar, frat boy hanging out here. After that, most of us hit the dance floor for the typical club music. A highlight of the evening: They stopped the music around 12:30 or 1 for the birthday shots. Yes, this means the blow job shots. There were a total of four people signed up for it, the two birthday boys we came with and then two other girls that surprisingly are from the Shoug as well. Only one was still there though, oh to turn 21, haha. Anyways, shots were taken and pictures were taken. All around, funniest part of the night!On a really gross note, I'm pretty sure some of the girls that frequent this place don't know how to pee in the toilet. The floor was wet then covered in toilet paper. It smelled  worse than the guys' bathroom...Ugh.  Even with the gross bathroom and having a mini-Shoug reunion, I would go back just to get my dance on.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,5/19/2010,258,205,9,9,9>Another day, another macaroon. This Pix is definitely a lot smaller than the other one down in SE, but that just means cuter and cozier and closer to my crib baaaby! They glammed themselves up just in time for Valentines Day and decided to tease me with lots and lots of delicious and adorable red and/or chocolate and/or heart-shaped treats. Alas, I am only here for the macaroons...but wait, are those...YES! HEART-SHAPED MACAROONS?!?! Oh wait, are they...50 cents more ($2.25 vs $1.75) than the regular, ole circle-shaped ones? Guess I'll wait for some sweetheart to buy me some of those. AHEM. *waits for some sweetheart to buy me some heart-shaped macaroons before and/or on V-Day...* (And a P.S. to sweetheart: They take Visa and Mastercard as long as your purchase is over $5...and your purchase BETTER be over $5 if you're buying something for ME.)So I had myself some boring circle-shaped ones in blueberry, passion fruit, and CRAZY FLAVOR (I forget the real name for it, but I'll describe it to you in a second). The blueberry, now I've had that fellow before. As an avid fan of macaroons, I feel that you really can't go wrong with berry-flavored macaroons. Tart + creamy = GOOD COMBO 4EVA. The passion fruit one was also SO GOOD. Really, if you have to choose between...uhh, two (why not three! or four! or five!) flavors, try to get PASSION FRUIT.Finally, the flavor of CRAZE. It has some riddick name that doesn't matter to me, but what did stick was that thing was filled with ABSINTHE CREAM AND CHOCOLATE POP ROCKS and is covered with glitter! GLITTER! Might as well call it the Mariah Carey Macaroon cuz that's what it feels like. Sounds kinda gnarly, and in a way it sort of is, but it's actually kind of delightful and peppery and silly. And when I was eating it, I totally forgot about the pop rocks until I bit into them. All I could do was laugh at the ridiculousness of the flavor sensations. But ya know, it's totally a cute cookie and it'll bring joy into your life. We belong together baby.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2009,5/18/2010,109,170,6,11,14>We adopted our new Italian Greyhound a little over a month ago.  She is the most loving, affectionate, active and amazing dog we could have ever hoped for.Obviously, with such a positive result, I would feel strange offering the Oregon Humane Society anything less than a perfect score.  I was very impressed with the efficient and yet thorough application process.  Not only that, but our pup was treated so wonderfully by the staff, who even went so far as to preserve a large bag of her favorite toys, blankets, treats, etc for us, which made the transition even smoother.You can really tell that all of the staff, from the handlers, adoption specialists all the way to the store clerk, all care about their charges a great deal.  There is a lot of love and respect that each animal receives when they come through those doors, and it makes me glad to know that there is such a place in Portland for these animals to receive their second chance.We're a full house now thanks to the OHS - and we couldn't be more thankful!
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,5/17/2010,434,336,9,25,15>There when I need them.Radio cab has given me many, many rides around town.  I have probably used them 4 times a month, at least, for the past 10 years.  They're prompt picking me up (I only live 4 blocks from them), and take the shortest route to my destination.  When they drop me off at home, they always make sure I'm in my building before taking off.  I appreciate things like that.They have also saved me in another way.  Did you know that they will jump start your car battery?  Yup, and it will only cost you 15 buckaroo's!  I think we have all been stranded a time or two with a dead battery.  It's way cheaper than the alternative of calling a towing company.If you're going to the airport from downtown, check their website for their "Radio flyer coupon".  They take you for $26, and will bring you home for $27.50.Compared to the other cab companies in town, they earn 5 stars.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,5/16/2010,88,151,5,7,7>Oh. My. Yes.For anyone who knows me, they are aware of the importance of my lengthy locks- it's my signature and my attribute. I love all the long hairs on my head.. so much so I didn't cut my hair for about one year.Last night I went to sleep feeling my hair ends and realizing- one year is just way too long. They felt fried.. almost like steel wool and scraggly.I finally called this place and whined in a voicemail about my need for a new cut. Within an hour Elyse (who is now my her-o) called me back and I had an appointment set for 5:00pm, and I made one for my bro because his hair was just as ratty.I walked in with tons of photos and she discussed with me everything I wanted. I realized I had to release at least an inch and a half of hair because it was just damaged.I was in love when she washed my hair with this amazingly wonderful scented product and then whipped out the razor to finish the cut. A slight blow dry and some wonderful conversation later- I looked at myself and I loved my cut. My hair feels and looks great.My brother was the same story, it matched the picture and he finally looked clean and wonderful... he was so happy he kept looking in the mirror on the way home and touching it. Happy teenager = good hairstylist.Again, Elyse finally released both my brother and I's fear of stylists... (after some really really bad trips to hairstylists).. and is great, happy and observant about what you need for your hair.Yaaay!!!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,5/15/2010,264,523,5,6,6>If you're headed out for breakfast at a top notch spot on a Saturday at 10AM, expect a wait, and at Hash is no exception. Don't fret, when you arrive, grab your mug, start your coffee consumption, find something to read and sit on their comfty leather couch. They brew Courier Coffee, so fill up early and often.The industrial loft look isn't for everyone. It works for us. We couldn't help but notice that the bare bone interior drew more attention to Hash's their beautifully plated food and modern dinnerware. To honor the restaurant's namesake I ordered a hash, the hanger steak hash to be specific. The portions look dainty on the plate, but once I finished, I was stuffed. The steak hash was delicious. The order came with a side of slice pears, brioche toast with house made jam and some scones are starter. If Hash is a drive, I recommend trying it once. At least, then you'll know why locals keep coming back for more.
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2009,5/14/2010,130,164,9,8,8>"I guess I'd better think up a way to spend my timeJust when I'm ready to sit inside, it's summer timeShould I go fishing or get a friend to hang aroundIt's back to summer, back to basics, hang aroundGetting drunk out on the beach, or playing in a bandAnd getting out of school meant getting out of handWas this your celebrated summer? Was that your celebrated summer?"  (Husker) DuIt's 98 degrees inside your kitchen at 8:20pm during Sweatfest '09.  Cook? Fuck that.  Hungry? Oh lordie, yes. Get in/on your car/tall bike/vespa.  Hell, this bus thing people keep telling me about appears to run down Sandy.  Hightail it over to Du's before they close, get your bad self a pork n' chicken combo.  Go home, swear you're only going to eat half of it, eat most of it.  Do not eat the rice (y'know, cause you're being healthy), delight when the weird, loose poopyseed dressing mixes with the teriyaki sauce.  Drink some cheap rose, burp, fart (if you're a boy, ladies don't fart).  Weigh yourself in morning, curse the water weight from all the salt, go to gym, sweat.  Return to Du's within the week if stupid heat continues.Sidebar: the nice lady behind the counter (who is ALWAYS there) has the most interesting voice ever.  Sort of T-Pain crossed with "love you long time."  Love her.Also, beware the parking lot if you respect your whip. Kim V. - this review's for you!  Long live Bob Mould.
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2009,5/13/2010,73,8,24,9,11>Ciao Vito. Better than Jessica Alba in a Speedo.  The inside of this joint is really, really, really neato.  The Carlton Farms pork chop had been marinated longer than a bag of cheetos.  In a Rockwood Seven-Eleven. Damn thing melted in my mouth like I was in heaven.The dessert was the down fall.  The total meals cost about the same as an 8-ball. Of blow.  These cats even serve Cafe Vita as their house Joe.  The coffee was real tasty. I woke up last night with my mouth feeling all pasty.  Not sure if it was from the salt or the caffeine.  I could care less as if my name was Kathleen.  Carter.  The razor clams were served with this white sauce called tartar, tartar.Now I'm welcoming myself back into Yelp.   Because I've went to the doctor to get myself some helpy help.Werd.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2009,5/12/2010,109,677,25,22,20>Last night, I was standing out front of Vino Vixens next door and keeping an eye on Acme.  It was dead in there.  And what do you do when you work at a donut shop and you have no customers coming in?  You bust a freaking move, that's what.  I was stopped dead in my tracks for a second as I watched a gal in a microscopic skirt seriously get down for a minute.  It was awesome.  After the show was finished at VV, we bounded across Powell to walk home, but upon reaching the other side of the road, looked back at Acme and realized we were hungry.  Back across Powell, and in retrospect, I realize all of this gallivanting across a really busy road was somewhat dangerous.  But donuts at midnight?  That's how we roll, apparently.  It was a nice shop, really friendly people working (including dancing mini-skirt girl) and they had a pretty good selection out for it being that late at night.  I was expecting they would be down to the last dregs by that hour, but nosiree!  It was not dead by the time we rolled in, they even had a little line going for a bit.  My donut was solid.  I mean, literally solid.  It was dense and doughy and I mean that in the best possible way.  I like breadier donuts.  The caramel on top was also good, good enough that I licked most of it off of the wax paper the donut came in.  While crossing Powell.  Again.   I will come here again next time I'm due to bring treats to work for sure.  Lots of vegan options.  Best of luck to these guys... I'm sure they get tired of Voodoo comparisons, but really Voodoo has become ubiquitous enough to the point of annoying, so kudos to Acme for being a little different in a donut-obsessed town.  And kudos to that girl for her sweet, sweet dance moves!
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2009,5/11/2010,66,83,11,8,9>"Why is life worth living? It's a very good question. Um... Well, There are certain things I guess that make it worthwhile. uh... Like what... okay... um... For me, uh... ooh... I would say... what, Groucho Marx, to name one thing... uh... um... and Willie Mays... and um... the 2nd movement of the Jupiter Symphony..."At the end of the film, "Manhattan", Woody Allen, as Isaac, is speaking into a tape recorder, trying to determine why life is worth living.  I won't quote the entire passage above in this Yelp review, suffice it to say, it think you all get the gist. Simple pleasures.In any regard, what I am really trying to say is, that whenever I find myself in dire need of making a list to affirm to myself why life is 'worth living'--or rather, why life is fantastic-- I like to think about drinking a Copacetic in the sunshine with my friends... or, better yet, I like to drink Copacetic in the sunshine with my friends.Let me break it down for you babies: at least 95% of the tanned skin on my body is the direct result of time spent on the Amnesia patio. At least 75% of the ridiculous things I have done in Summer 2009 have been encouraged by generous helpings of Copacetic*.  And at least 33.3% of the doggies I have petted this month have been on the patio....and when you add that all up, it's like, 203.3%. of awesome (roughly translated into 5 Stars on yelp.com) for Amnesia***seriously, how else could I have been convinced to do the World Naked Bike Ride?**disclaimer: I really can do maths guys, promise.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2008,7/17/2008,45,71,12,9,9>It might be excessive, but I am bestowing five stars upon Tiny's solely for providing photocopies of the daily crossword.(It doesn't hurt that they serve Stumptown coffee, offer a beautiful rainbow of breakfast and lunchtime sandwiches, and provide outside tables/delightful patio/couchy indoor seating.)But the thoughtfulness of bringing the crossword to the people. No longer must we shoot daggers at the fella in the corner chewing on his pen. What's five letters for brilliant?
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,7/16/2008,93,278,9,10,10>"My God, the BACON!"Such was the exclamation blurted forth by our friend when she tasted Le Trash Blanc.  I don't think words could be better chosen for that sinfully tasty invention.  Because what beats cheddar and bacon?  Oh, let's see, NOTHING.Nonetheless, we also got the pommes fromage crepe (because after bacon and cheese next on the list of awesomeness would be apples and cheese) and liked it so much we got another one as soon as the first was gone.  Board games, cozy atmosphere and the happiest bathroom decor you'll find anywhere.  I wonder what they'll do now that Polaroid has stopped making film?
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2008,7/15/2008,171,101,22,15,18>in a word... swankalicious.Ooooh! and also aaaaaaah! This brand spankin' new restaurant is right on the south waterfront, and is choke full of sparkly pretty things. That includes the people. Right from the minute we walked in we were greeted by some of the most beautiful hostesses I have ever seen. Holy boobies, Batman! Wowza.Check out the bar, as it is sleek and full of crazy mirrored mural madness. Perfect to drink to if I don't say so myself. I went for the Lilypad on the cocktail list. It was a yummy mixture of ginger beer, muddled mint, cucumbers, triple sec and a few other things I can't recall do to the awesomeness of it all. Service is slow as molasses in the bar, but that could be due to the newest of the place.The pace picks right up in the dining area though. It seems like you have about 3 separate waiters per table. There was a waiter keeping our water filled and another checking on our wine glasses and keeping up with our food, plus another dude who would just show up to see how we were doing. I really hope that last guy worked there...There is even a cheese guy that brings an artisan cheese cart to your table and puts on a little cheese show. I don't know how much of a show one can put on with cheese, but I'd pay top dollar to find out!!Be sure to look up at all the cool and slightly ominous metal rods jutting down from the ceiling surrounding the light fixtures. Also all the awesome glass art that looks almost alive incased simply in glass boxes, like glass fish around the restaurant. Very purdy, yo.So ahem...ahem... THE FOOD!!!!There are some choices here, which basically rocks. The more choices the better I say. Choice #1: There is a Chefs tasting menu, in which the menu (all 4 courses) from the appetizers down to the dessert are preselected by the Chef. Choice#2: Select any of the entrees and starters and make your own menu (from 3 to 5 courses), and wine pairing are done based on each dish upon request.What did I do? Well thanks for asking. I selected my own five course menu which included: Foie Gras, Sea Scallops, Yellow Fin Tuna (duuude. sooooo good!), Split pea and mushroom risotto, Turbo ravioli, and....oh god...I don't even remember. Ya know the "Be Our Guest" scene in Beauty and the Beast? Yeah. It was like that. A big parade of awesomeness and food.  With less weird candlestick soft shoeing.Annnnyhoo. When dining at a place like this here, there is a list of things I have to remind myself not to do. DO put napkin in lap.DO say things like "excuse me", "pass the___", and my personal favorite which always makes me laugh a little bit, "pardon my reach"DO NOT tell a string of slightly racist yet incredibly funny jokes you heard from earlier in the day.DO put napkin on seat of chair when getting up to use the bathroom.DO NOT refer to the bathroom as "the can".DO NOT try to reenact the scene in Pretty Woman when Julia Roberts shoots her escargot across the room. Remember that you are not Julia Roberts and it is only cute when she does it.DO act like you know how the hell to eat your food, even if your food comes out looking like a mini colorful puzzle, you hold your head high and you eat that puzzle!For a new place to spend some serious scratch, I give it an A. Bravo. Encore.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2008,7/14/2008,295,77,32,22,23>This park makes for a steep bike climb. Sometimes I imagine Tony Little from the Gazelle infomercials fully greased up and on my shoulder screaming "YOoU can DOo iiiT!!!".I wish he would go away.I frequently bike Tabor as punishment for avoiding 24 hour Fitness. It is by far one of my favorite places in Portland. The view on top is amazing, all the trails, and bla bla bla. BUT the real reason I love it is that on an average ride it is likely that you will come across something unexpected, such as abundant pot smoking, 40 oz guzzling, secret tween romances, hobo camping, and parking lot BJ's.Why don't you put that in your little pipe and smoke it 24 Hour Fitness.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2008,7/13/2008,24,76,5,6,6>How come I've never even heard of this place, and yet it has 57 reviews on Yelp!? I ate here for lunch today, and was quite impressed. I have never eaten a falafel that I liked, until now. We got the Meat Mezza, and it has so much food I couldn't finish it all. We got loaded up with pita, falafel, hummus, something that tasted like pumpkin pie and sweet potato mixed together, and two kabobs of lamb. The place was packed, so I suggest trying to get there before the lunch rush. It's very cramped inside, which gives it a fun and loud vibe. The servers are nice, and are prompt even though the place is packed. The location is weird, because Grand isn't the best place to find parking on. I don't know what else to say about it, except that it was a pleasant surprise.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,7/12/2008,112,585,5,8,7>Jamba-lie-aaaahhhhh - mmmm, so good! I also don't think that I've had a better oyster shooter EVER. It was huge - and the perfect texture, and the sauce is just the right horseradish... not too overpowering, but yet not too weak. I also had the andouille sausage in my jambalaya - you can choose what you like, and this comes highly suggested... from ME.The place has people waiting to get in before they open at 6pm. So, what you do is head around the block to the lounge that is attached to the restaurant. Grab a drink, and they'll let you head in a little early to get seated. If not, at least you're getting a drink while you wait. They will also serve you the same food right there in the bar. So, if you don't like the communal seating in the main restaurant, then you can chill at the bar and have the table all to yourself.The beers and wines are quite drinkable, and the prices are pretty great - my jambalaya was $10, and I saw that they had lamb on there for $15. That's pretty reasonable, if you ask me. There are so many other things on the menu that I want to try... it's one of those places that doesn't really have that big of a menu, but you still have a really difficult time making the decision. Oh, I love it when that happens.
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2008,7/10/2008,222,561,17,15,16>After a short stint with Spanish karaoke, I decided that I was going to try my lengua skillz at Muchas Gracias.But dammit! My mouth just did not want to say "adobada." Not too hard...AH-DOH-BAH-THA."Queria pedir un burrito de abo...abod..." I stumbled.The woman at the till stared at me dubiously. "Adobada.""Yes...adobada," I said slowly, enunciating each syllable.Even if you're not like me--into embarrassing yourself by trying to go native--it doesn't take away the fact that the adobada...no matter how you pronounce it...was damn good.Okay, I'll overlook the fact that there was a big chunk of fat in my first bite and that toward the end I made a huge mess with the adobada sauce...the rest of it...how do you say it in the 'hood?...no tiene madre. Yup, that's how good it was.And I'm an enormous fan of really strong, in-yo'-face flavors. And they put a ton of oniony, cilantro-y PICO DE GALLO in it. I'm also a big fan of hot sauce that makes you say, AY CHEEN-GAO! While this stuff wasn't as spicy as I had anticipated, it was muy rica.So, Muchas Gracias, even though I made a total ass of my white self, you still gave me comida deliciosa. Maybe next time, I'll try the HORCHATA.Entonces, muchISIMAS gracias!
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2008,7/9/2008,80,286,16,12,13>Shuffleboard (I learned how)Big Buck HunterDartsPoolPatioThis would almost lead to 4 stars... but,Hummus was caca.. and was in fact medium brownService was spottyAnd I almost saw a nutsack on a biker with flouncy shortsI may be back for gaming or football watchings, but probably not.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,7/8/2008,39,155,7,12,11>I seriously have the hots for Rerun. As a kid who was raised on thrift stores, I have been betrayed by my beloved Goodwill as they continue to raise the prices on the STUFF THEY GOT FOR FREE. Geesh.Back to Rerun.Yes, its small, but that keeps spending under control. A great selection of clothes, housewares, cool furniture and amazingly low prices. Like, steal it prices. This stuff is priced to move and if you visit frequently, you can score some deals almost as good as that friend of yours who is unemployed and goes dumpster diving. I heart this place. I also take my extra junk there and sell it, which gives me....MORE MONEY TO SPEND AT RERUN! Rawk!
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2008,7/7/2008,71,113,15,11,10>Eating British food with weird names is a fun game to play.  It's kind of like Russian Roulette, but with your stomach!  Is that pudding really made out of blood?  Do they have blood-pudding-pops on the Isles?  Why the hell do they have to call sausages 'bangers' when they're phallic enough as it is?Moon & Sixpence finally solved the mystery for me behind 'Welsh rarebit,' which I'd always assumed was some kind of meat.  It is actually better than meat: it is bread covered with beer and cheese and then broiled.  Beer + cheese + toast?  So simple, yet so ingenious, and perfect with a pint.  Much like M&S!  This place is all about the dark, cozy, beer drinking spirit, and I dig it.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,3/29/2009,457,244,34,25,37>Walgreens; open 24 hours, because you never know when you may need answers to life's little questions.  Or the big one's too!It was Sunday night, and I strolled (possibly sauntered, might have even moseyed) into my local Walgreen's.  I had just finished grabbing a quick pint at the Skybox while catching the end of the football game, but I had trouble following the gridiron action that night.  My mind was elsewhere.  See, the unexplained absence of a regular visitor brought forth a level of uncertainty to our home.  There was a life altering question hanging in the air, and lacking any semblance of patience, I was in dire need of an answer, and had no intention of waiting.  Locating the correct aisle, I offered a quick smile to the attractive red head looking to make a similar purchase, but kept it to just that as the look of consternation on her face relayed that fact that it probably wasn't the most apropos time for my patented witty banter.Wow, the selection was extemely limited, and from the giant holes on the shelves, it appeared as if there had been a run on several brands.   I guess with Artic Blast '08 keeping many fine folks indoors with nothing better to do then bump uglies, I wasn't the only one looking for a quick answer. The purchase was made quickly, with minimal but pleasant chit chat with the clerk at the register.  I think she may have sensed my urgency to get home.First, let me say that I've always done well on tests.  I've never really had to study before hand, yet always received high marks.  But this one was different.  I wasn't going to receive a traditional letter grade, heck, I wouldn't even be taking the test myself.  This was strictly a pass / no pass system.  Yes or no.  Black and White.  With or without.And the results?Plus.  As in not a negative.  As in Positive.  Or in yelp speak...a permanent "plus one".Say what?  Could this really be true?  After 36 years on this planet, this was one test I NEVER received a "positive" grade on.  Surely, my mind raced, the ramifications of these results will be felt all over Portland.  Beer sales will plummet, strippers will no longer be able to afford "Grad School" and dealers will soon be taking Tri-Met while debauchery & mayhem in this fine city will certainly subside.  Oh the humanity!!!Other questions quickly arose.  Will the TLB need to now be known as the TLBM...the Tall Leggy Baby Mamma (or even the Tall Leggy Baby Machine)?  More ominously, will I finally have to grow up?  Does the future hold biting reviews of Baby's R Us, birthing centers and diaper services?  Rants on improper breathing techniques by snarky Lamaze class instructors (and trust me, heavy breathing in a room with glowing happy strangers is the last thing I want to do...well unless it involved some naked hotness)? Will I be creating new lists of (god forbid) family friendly restaurants, when for ages I have happily been the antithesis of family friendly? And most importantly, is this big ball of twisted anxiety, askew ideas and uncongenial snarkiness really ready to be a baby daddy?  The answer is a resounding, "Hell yeah!"Bring it on I say, because beneath this crispy facade of crazed depravity and biting commentary resides a gooey center filled with love, passion and a lust for life.  You might even find some candy, flowers and cute ass teddy bears in there too...just don't tell anyone, I wouldn't want it to sully my quickly fading rock star persona.  At least not yet.  I've still got 7  1/2 months before the arbiter of debauchery turns into a big baby daddy of love.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,3/28/2009,161,226,14,15,16>All other jewelry store are dead to me now. Dead!Redux has so many different styles of jewelry by countless different designers and I'm so happy to find a bunch of my favorites under one roof!And I know people talk about it being crafty, and I guess some of the stuff is, but it's SO much more than that.  There's really beautiful and creative jewelry here. They also have lots of bags and art and knick knacks. You guys! We love knick knacks!!!Also, it's a fantastic place to purchase a gift, and I hope by my saying so that you will now know where to purchase gifts for me for any occasion!Thank you!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2009,3/27/2009,109,677,24,15,19>"So, where do you buy your makeup?"  Asks my coworker, self-described "200-lb Barbie doll", a woman whose clothes, shoes, makeup, and general look are so well put together that they only thing that tops her outward appearance is her awesome/commanding personality, both of which sometimes make people stop dead in their tracks.  She's hot and in charge.  Me:  "Um... from the clearance bin at Walgreen's?"  Coworker, recoils in horror and says, "Not anymore."  And we load up into her monstrous Hummer and high-tail it up to the Clackamas Nordstrom's M.A.C. counter.  "She needs a bunch of shit," she tells them.  Whoah.  I barely know how to put the stuff on, and I am so ridiculously cheap I'm feeling a little panicked that nothing has prices listed.  I tell the gal what I want and to pick it out for me.  I do not trust myself to know which colors/blends to buy but the counter gal's makeup is so awesome and perfect, I know she'll set me right up.  I walk out with Studio Fix pressed powder and a new variety of concealer.  When it comes time to ring up my coworker's purchases, this gal not only knew exactly what she wanted ahead of time but they track everything in a profile system and basically know every detail of her purchase history.  Sort of creepy?  No.  Kind of cool.  Got home, tried the new concealer, didn't like it.  Not the right color.  Back to M.A.C. (by myself!  look at me go...), and an awesome guy there was so helpful and friendly, I decided to go nuts and bought a bunch more- eye shadow, lipsticks, and he ordered me a different concealer (promised to be the same kind the drag queen set prefers).  There was something thrilling about a man doing my makeup.  I can't quite put my finger on why this tickled my fancy, but I really enjoyed it.  And his makeup, by the way, was flawless.  Loads of fun trying on all sorts of wild colors of face paint, that I would never normally have the guts to wear.  He was personable, professional, and totally knowledgeable about the products.  That face stick I had my eye on?  "That's what I use!"  Nice.  Besides awesome products, M.A.C. is also committed to HIV/AIDS charities and has a recycling program- bring back 6 empties and get a free lipstick.  Their stuff is a little more expensive than oh, I dunno- the clearance bin at Walgreen's, but really not too expensive in the grand scheme of the cosmetic world (or so I'm told).  The face powders are around $20 and lipsticks around $12-15.  M.A.C. wants you to be happy and hot, and they will take back anything you don't LOVE.  I walked out of there singing,  "My lip gloss is cool, my lip gloss be poppin', standing at my locker, all the boys be stoppin'..."  I be lovin' it, I be I be lovin' it!
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,3/26/2009,7,9,16,15,14>What's more to say about this great organization!? On Christmas Eve '08 I adopted a 2 yr old Blue Russian cat by the name of Jasmine June, who I quickly renamed and Christened Grace "Empress Kittenbush von Pushkin" Jones. I lurked and stalked the Oregon Humane Society website, oregonhumane.org, for 2 weeks and found my darling kitten there.She was rescued by the society by former owners who could not afford to take care of her and the other cats in their care. They thankfully gave her over to the capable and caring hands of the humane society, where rested for about 2 months before I found her. I was able to visit with her shortly before bringing her home, and we hit off like gangbusters! The volunteer brought her into the visitation room, and explained her background and isms, which I tried to dutifully pay attention to but was too wrapped up in playing "Catch The Mousey" with her. After I decided that she was the one for me, her paper work was processed, and I was given a complimentary vet visit for her that's good for one year! How great is that?! Plus, she's already received her major vaccinations, a micro-chip in case she gets lost, and a slew of resources on how to get along with a new pet & who to contact in case of emergencies. A week after I had her home one of the kind folks at the society phoned me up to check in on her and make sure everything was going swimmingly, which it is!I was very thankful that she was still available one I was able to get a ride to the facility during the later days of Snowpocalypse '08 and spent my Christmas Eve and Morning with a new, sweet, affectionate, uber cute (see the pics on my profile) friend. She gets a loving home, I get the friend I need to welcome me home. Now, if I could just get her to stop licking and kissing me after her morning constitutionals, then we'll be a happy family.
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/14/2008,3/25/2009,19,16,14,12,11>I have a "Wimpy's outfit:" whatever sweatpants and sweatshirt I happen to pull off the floor as I stumble out the door in a TGIF daze.  This is also my "post-Wimpy's outfit" which I pass out  and wake up in the next morning, still pungent with e'deau cigarette.Had I reviewed Wimpy's after my first time there, I would have given it a big fat zero and referred to it repeatedly as a cockroach: it's dark, smoky, loud and dingy.Had I reviewed Wimpy's after last Friday, I would have give in a big fat FIVE.  Reason: Wimpy's feels like home.  Not that my home is dark, smoky, etc., what I mean is that Wimpy's accepts me for who I am.  I dress like a scrub to go to Wimpy's because that's what I wanna do after a week of herding preschoolers. (The fact that my nice clothes don't reek is an added bonus.)What I look like on the outside  doesn't matter to Wimpy's.  Wimpy's loves the genuine me, and I love the genuine Wimpy's and all of its crazy character.  One way it displays this character is through the Wimpy's Burger, which is a three dollar meal composed of a bacon-cheeseburger and fries.  The drinks aren't too spendy, either.  And they have those flashy-blinkly-light-videoish game things--not sure exactly what they have, but it entertains my boyfriend.Another way in which Wimpy's displays this character is by letting the bartenders play whatever the hell music they want.  Last Friday it was eighties for a while.  I went up to the bar,  tired of my drink, and  I asked the bartender to create me something with vodka.  There was a goth girl  next to me at the bar reading a text book on "How to Form Lasting Relationships."  Just as the bar tender grabbed the blueberry vodka from the wall, the song slammed into this eigthies powerchord chorus--both the bartender and the goth girl totally rocked out together.  Thirty seconds later they were back to doing whatever they were doing before and I was sipping an amazing blueberry vodka cran.Sweet.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,3/24/2009,29,89,12,8,8>oh gelato... before i moved to portland i did not know what you were!but i know you now and in every way.. even the biblical sense...Tutto Bene your selection of gelato is oh so good.  tonight I had chocolate chip mint & chocolate birthday cake but I've also enjoyed mint oreo, peanut butter oreo, birthday cake, mango, pineapple and various other scrumptious choices.you also have coffee and pastries, salads and paninis.Gelato & tutto bene are responsible for my new gym membership as I have to work off all the biblical knowing of said gelato.. but i still love you... I could go for some more right now...(** as a total adult side note.. "in the biblical sense with food" is called "sploshing" google that shit. but bewares.. you'll never be the same.)AND as another side note.. I never did splosh any gelato.. just fyi.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2008,3/23/2009,107,111,14,14,11>Here's something I've never quite been able to wrap my mind around. They've parked a pink Cadillac behind a glass barrier at the back of the restaurant. It's like one of those ships in a bottle. How did they get it in there? Did they build the restaurant around a real, functioning Cadillac, or did they build a Cadillac replica behind that glass? And what's the glass doing there anyway? Are they really afraid that someone's going to jump into the driver's seat and take the thing for a spin? "Excuse me, sir? Sir? Please step out of the vehicle. This is a family restaurant." Anyway, the food is good, but not exciting enough that I'm ever really thinking, "Oh boy, oh boy, I wanna go to the Cadillac!" Still, they serve heaping portions of great breakfast food, and I'm always delighted by the experience there. I typically go with the Albert's Eggless -- with eggs. It's basically a hash heap about chest high with the option of a couple of fried eggs on top. Glorious. My significant is partial to the French Toast, which is plenty worthy of the fame it's garnered here on yelp. Big, fat slabs of eggy, sweet toast. Don't make any big plans the day you go, because you're probably going to want to take a good, long nap after eating there.Lunch is adequate, but, like I said, not terribly inspired. Decent mac and cheese, interesting salmon fish & chips, and a bunch of pretty boring-looking sandwiches. But you know what, those are just there for show -- the Cadillac is all about breakfast. It doesn't matter what time it is, just focus on breakfast. And then schedule a nap afterward.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2009,3/22/2009,99,154,6,8,8>I recently moseyed on down to Papa Haydn's after hearing so many good things about the desserts there. Having already eaten dinner, I went here solely for dessert, so I can't comment on the rest of their food. I'm going to start out with my biggest problem here. Everything on the dessert menu sounds so freaking delicious that I wanted to hand my menu to our waiter and say "Yes." Oh, Papa, why must you tempt me with so much deliciousness knowing I can only afford/consume so much???After spending what seemed like more time deciding on dessert than I would for a new car, I  settled on the Hazelnut Crunch. It arrived as a tower, surrounded by a fence of delicate dark chocolate. It was looking so nice that for about 1/1,000,000 of a second I didn't want to eat it. I quickly got over that and indulged myself in a trifecta of chocolate, hazelnut, crunchy goodness. I'll stop myself here before things get out of control, as I'm pretty sure you now fully understand I enjoyed my dessert.As far as everything else - it was great. Service was fast and friendly. The price, while a tad more expensive than average, was still palatable at $8 for most desserts.In the famous words from the Terminator (the old one, not the new one where Christian Bale literally destroys people with his words) - I'll be back!
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,3/21/2009,10,20,4,8,6>I love Kenny & Zuke's. The best pastrami in the Pacific NW, at least. Smoky, rich and stuffed with flavor -- best served dry on their house-baked rye bread (add a bit of mustard at the table) with their incredible potato salad. I've never experienced the problems others have mentioned, and I have easily eaten there a dozen times, alone and with friends. I do make an effort to avoid the rush hours. If I'm eating lunch there, I go early or quite late, never during the madness of the noon hour, and that may account for better service and more consistent food. It's a great option for dinner -- where else can you walk in on a Friday night and be seated immediately? I love the fusion of New York deli and Portland hipster, brick and big windows combined with chopped liver. Bring an appetite; sandwiches are not cheap but they are HUGE.
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,3/20/2009,110,167,8,15,17>***Mushy review warning***A couple of months before Christmas while at the Saturday Market my GF (Patricia) and I stopped at the Saucy Jewelry stand. I watched as she drooled over all of the hand made jewelry. She tried on one of the bracelets. It was a liiiiiiittle snug. Elisa (the owner) then gave me the old *wink wink  / nudge nudge* and said "Just asks for the longer band when you order." I then picked up her business card all stealth style and shoved it into my pocket for later use.Fast forward about couple weeks and its nearly Christmas. I bust out the business card and surf the web site. I find what I want, but it didn't have an option for a larger band. So I called. Elisa was really helpful. She said that the bracelet I wanted wasn't one she normally made in a larger size, but she would make it for me. About 2 days later I got the bracelet in the mail. CRAZY fast! Patricia loved the bracelet and I think she's worn it nearly everyday since Christmas. There is an engraving on the inside of the bracelet that I wish I could take credit for. It says "Surround This Woman with Love and Light" That was a "Saucy Sayings" that I was able to choose. It's a pretty powerful message I guess. It's brought tears to the eyes of most of the ladies that Patricia has shown it too.Elisa provides a great and friendly service, and a fantastic product. I couldn't have asked for more.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2011,2/14/2012,122,144,8,9,8>The tiny little corner breakfast spot is taking over the block! Run for your lives!Jam has expanded into the muuuch larger space next door (which used to be Inbibe,) and while this shortens the weekend brunch wait considerably, there seems to be some confusion (among both patrons and staff) about how to work this new-fangled arrangement... there are now TWO wait lists, and you're supposed to only sign up on the wait list for the side you want to be seated in. Get it?  We didn't and so signed up on the original wait list and THEN realized that we'd be closer to getting fed by signing for the larger space, but by then one of the waitresses was carrying around the original list from space to space, with the mister trailing behind her muttering bits of "um hey, can I see that... I just need to... I think we put our names on the wrong..."A little confusion at the head, but a faster seat and the same yummy breakfast and morning drinks that Jam is famous for. In a city of veg-friendly menus they still have some of the best non-meat options around, and the new space also serves lunch and dinner (the old corner spot is no longer serving lunch now, only breakfast.) While the old space was cozy and warm (during the summer actually pretty hot!) the new space is far more open and kind of loud. All hard surfaces and 20-ft ceilings and such. Not bad at all, just different.They probably need to figure out something a little more obvious on the seating list front, but that's a minor quibble. Solid brunch, nice new spot, faster grub, fantastic drinks.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2012,2/13/2012,81,88,5,12,8>This is hands down one of the best pet shops in town!  This place is a one stop shop for me as I've got cats, fish, frogs, snakes and local wildlife I feed outside.But it's not just their amazing variety, it's the quality of product they sell for reasonable prices (yeah, you probably could get things cheaper at Petco, but I'm all about supporting local business).Not only is it a great store for the products, but I call Pets on Broadway the "Free Aquarium" there fish department is HUGE!  Both fresh water and salt water species abound here and there are always a bounty of interesting and exotic species.  In the past they've had beautiful ecosystems with seahorses, and even had a shark egg you could check out (the goal was to hatch it, but I guess some one bought it - I hope that they do the shark egg thing again it was really neat), also the girl that works back there is trying to have a jelly fish display in the works!The fish are wonderfully taken care of (as are the other animals for sale here, you can tell they take a lot of pride in healthy animals with beautiful homes at the store), and I've never had any issue with the fish (or lobster) that I've purchased from Pets on Broadway.  I did however have a mass suicide in one of my tanks and bummed out I called Pets on Broadway who let me come in and pulled a fancy lab kit out and did a full spectrum water test for me.  They identified the problems and found me affordable solutions and never once made me feel like a horrible fish keeper for making some basic mistakes.The staff in all departments that I've encountered are really pros - they've had creative solutions for solving problems with my snakes and some cat behavior stuff (and I don't consider myself a novice).Another great thing about Pets on Broadway is there awesome frozen mice and rats selection, if you're not a reptile owner you may not understand how difficult it can be to find good quality mice in a variety of sizes.  One of my snakes is an extremely large corn snake who needs kind of a unique size of rodent too eat, adult mice are too small and rats are often too large, but Pets on Broadway has me covered with weaning rats which are difficult to find.I love Pets on Broadway and have never gotten anything less than top notch service and quality.  Also, pro tip, if you join the frequent buyer program you earn credits on future purchases.  At the very least go for the aquarium experience and you'll be hooked!
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,2/12/2012,126,304,8,9,8>A healthy burger? That has to be an oxymoron because only a moron would mess with the oh holy burger. Well if your name is Dick, apparently you can and be darn good at it. I think this was the first time I've gobbled up a burger and weight in fries without feeling groggy.We stopped in here accidentally for dinner the other day because our plans got foiled. The friendly waitress took us to our table after a few moments of stepping in out of the rain. I got a burger with blue cheese. The BF got the French Onion Zizou Burger. We shared some regular & sweet potato "not fries." I got the papaya drink to try. Both burgers were fresh and juicy. The condiments were all housemade with agave sweetner instead of corn syrup. The lettuce & tomatoes seemed to be at their peak! The papaya drink was unsweetened and tasted very "real" if that makes any sense at all. The fries were crispy & yummy.Pricey, but worth it. Where else are you gonna get a real steaky burger this healthy & "real"? I'll hafta go back for dessert next time!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,2/11/2012,19,52,11,12,10>About 4 years ago I started growing my hair out with the idea that I will achieve mass gorgeousness like Liv Tyler from Lord of the Rings. I achieved the long lush length and all was awesome until one day I was having a dumb "omg my hair is boring let's do something crazy to it!" day and found myself sitting in a chair at a "punk rock" barber shop which I will not name (Miller High Life anyone?) getting a hipster mullet...This is where it all turned awful. I'm not blaming the gal that chopped my hair into hipster emo crap - it was my fault for running to the barber shop instead of booking an appointment at a trust-worthy salon, it was my bad that I said I didn't care what she did - I wanted volume.... but MAN! Come on.After a month of lugging my stupid "party mullet" all around town - acting like I was ok with it, I had enough and cried surrender. I had my fill of looking like trailer trash straight from the Piggly-Wiggly parking lot (not that there's anything wrong with that...).My friend suggested I visit The Fancy Salon. She'd been going there for a while and loved her stylist. The gal she referred me to wasn't in that day, but Sylvia was... I am SOOOO glad too. Sylvia rocked my world!In order to get the full mullet GONE she had to cut it down to a pretty short textured bob. I kept telling her - go shorter! No mullet!!! and so she changed the radio station to a dance-bootie-party station and went to work. Awesome things I can say about this place:* Super cute & chill little salon tucked away on Division* Open late - I called at 5 and got an appointment for 7, stayed till 9!Awesome things I can say about Sylvia:* amazing head massage while she was washing my hair* adorable gal with a giggle that slices my hair woes away* what a great attitude and sense of humor she has!* best haircut I've had in a really long time * although I was upset with chopping the rest of my hair off (stupid mullet) Sylvia made me feel gorgeous and brought excitement to the situation.My hair looks AMAZING and I'm planning on sticking with Sylvia forever and ever.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,2/10/2012,78,198,4,10,11>There is no better place for my 100th review. The significance of Multnomah Falls is huge for many people, both tourists and locals alike. We can all bask in the spray of the falls on a hot or cold day, look up at the sheer power and beauty, be relaxed and enthralled at the same time by the sound of the crashing water, and all of a sudden the line between tourist and local dissapears, and we're all just there, sharing in the beauty together. I have gone on day trips to this destination many times since I was a child, usually stopping here shortly on the way to explore less traveled trails. But I can't drive by without stopping. Maybe it's the sentimentality of being the place my mom took me the most when I was little, then off to Oneonta gorge to swim through the deeper parts. Maybe it's the fresh smell, but whatever it is, I have to stop on my way to explore Oregon's less traveled beauty. They also have a great visitors center, that can tell you if it's the right time of year to go to Oneonta, or where other trails are. They're fairly knowlegable, and very happy to answer your questions.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2011,2/9/2012,228,95,11,15,11>One word: YUM!! Drove up Woodstock the other day and was delighted to see another cart had opened up in my hood. Also delighted to find that they served breakfast sandwiches since I have recently been craving them (out of nowhere! I swear!). This place has made me happy on all counts!I got their impressively priced ($4) breakfast sandwich, named The Sandwich. It had delightfully fluffy eggs, a good portion of ham, and enough cheese to squeeze out the side as all good cheese portions must. It was served on a warm baguette that was perfectly crisp on the outside, and soft on the inside. I added some Chalula since I like all breakfasts to contain hot sauce, and let me tell you, my tummy was happy! The nice guy there gave me a coupon for a $2 breakfast sandwich next time I go, which will be soon! They're still working out their exact hours but so far he's thinking 9-2:30 or so. And they will be open on the weekends, also at 9. Yay! I'm not sure why a previous reviewer felt it necessary to promote Toast throughout her review. Yes, this cart has the same owners, but no, it is not the same place. It should be reviewed on its own merits and not feel like a shameless plug for Toast (ToastToastToastToast). Genie's and Bar Carlo are my normal go-to breakfast spots, among other places when I'm venturing out of my area or meeting friends for brunch, but when I want to go grab a quick high quality sandwich for incredibly cheap I will definitely be heading to Yolk!PS: Try their housemade hot sauce. Super awesome yum!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,2/8/2012,19,43,25,16,16>I'm pretty sure this place does not really exist. I'm pretty sure it is just a dream I had after a hard day at work.They sell Bottle Caps. That was my favorite candy when I was a kid. I haven't seen them in a supermarket in 20 years. They don't make them any more, do they? It must have been a dream.And the milkshake I remember buying...it might have been the thickest yet smoothest milkshake I ever had. My parents have told me that milkshakes were like that when they were kids, but that was 50 years ago. It had to have been a dream.And the place itself was so warm and bright and clean and inviting...OMG...what if it's not a dream? What if I'm...dead? Is Fizz what Heaven is like? I...I think it is. And I am stepping towards the light as fast as I can.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,2/7/2012,42,52,12,14,15>The Freakybuttrue Peculiarium was pre-approved for immediate cult tourist destination status before it even opened its doors. And now that those uncanny doors to the retail world's Twilight Zone have opened there is yet another reason for strange and wondrous people from all over to come to Portland.Founded by Mike Wellins, an animation director and all-around freaky but true individual, the project seems to have been born out of a life long interest in the wonderful, magical and, yes, peculiar world of the eccentricities that lie at the far edges of humanity.Anyone who has ever had a fascination with magic shops, torture museums or roadside dinosaur statues or an obsession with those that are obsessed with proving the existence of aliens, bigfoot, Chupacabra or other legendarily spooky beings and occurrences, this is your new home away from the dark corners of your imagination.It's a one stop shop for all of your needless needs and ephemeral must-haves from fake doggie doo and vomit to vintage collectible oddities and, quite spectacularly, it is a treat for all of your worldly senses and the unworldly ones as well. When you're done shopping for novelty magic tricks, be sure to take a photo of yourself on an alien autopsy table so you know what that will look like when it happens and then step into the glow in the dark blackout room and spend an exhilarating half hour drawing with a flashlight. Shake hands with bigfoot. Check out the gallery of cutting edge disturbed artists and buy a painting for your home so that your guests know just what kind of freak you really are. And then top it off with a hot dog and some ice cream with whip cream and insect topping. They don't got that at Cold Stone I can tell you.Go now. Stop pretending that you're a regular person and get yourself to the Peculiarium. And don't forget to come home with a whoopie cushion and some sneezing powder. It's what you really need.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,2/6/2012,148,236,8,16,15>This place is the pinnacle of digital projection and audio technologies.  Add in comfortable seating, great layout, and some pretty good popcorn and you've got the total package. I saw the Star Trek redux here back in the summer of 2009, and I still get goosebumps when I recall the scene that debuted the re-envisioned Enterprise.  No other theater within 500 miles could have done the NCC-1701A such justice.In addition to technical superiority, the people are great, too. That viewing of Star Trek was the first Unofficial Yelp Event I ever organized.  The owner was super cool when he found out I was bringing a herd of dorks to the premier.  They helped with the ticket purchase, and they let us in a little early to score good seats.  Gold stars all around!It's a little bit out of the way, but it beats the piss out of Bridgeport.  If you haven't been to a movie here yet, do yourself a favor and get on it.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/2/2011,2/5/2012,265,215,15,13,14>Let me tell you, the best thing of Casa Diablo is the Mac and Cheese. I mean, unless you like naked girls doing naughy skeevy things on stage for a buck. Sometimes to themselves (with lollipops, ugh), sometimes with other ladies.I think I have officially aged enough to not want to waste a buck on the chance of getting lady bits gyrated into my face. If it's your cup of tea, though, that's cool. It was most definitely the kettle of tea of the Casa Diablo-sponsored softball team  though. They were out in full force, in their Casa Diablo uniforms, last night.  It's definitely a novelty to come out here, and the deep fried vegan food is actually quite intriguing. The Egg Rolls were decent, Mac and Cheese--surprisingly good and the Chili Cheese Fries were awesome--it was like a plate of nachos on french fries instead of chips. Genius.To recap--if you like naked ladies and chili cheese fries, come check it out. If you want your chili cheese fries without a side of naked lady, head somewhere safer.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2013,11/21/2013,160,387,3,7,6>Brunch is offered on Sunday's only and I hesitate to share this secret because I really liked it!  5 friends met for brunch when the doors opened.  We seated ourselves amongst the Tiki decor gathered throughout the years from places such as the old Trader Vics and Kon Tiki restaurants.The brunch menu is not extensive but it has something that should appeal to most.  I selected the Portuguese Breakfast, which included house made veggie sausage, scrambled eggs, rice, avocado, fresh grape tomatoes and red sauce and a cup of coffee. KB also ordered the Portuguese Breakfast with grilled linguica in place of the veggie sausage, she selected a most excellent cocktail aptly named Cobra's Fang.  J-Sister opted for sides that included the Coconut Granola and real Hawaiian Bread with Guava Jelly, for liquid refreshment she enjoyed an equally yummy cocktail, a Lapu Lapu.  J-Bro enjoys the Kimchi so he went for the Kimchi Scramble, similar to my dish, with Kimchi, no veggie sausage or linguica, his beverage of choice the Fernet Flippity had a lovely fragrance, he said it was very good. For the curious amongst you, it is made up of Fernet, Stout, Egg and Rum, it's Tiki Egg Nog!  AC enjoyed a side of veggie sausage and roasted sweet potato hash, mmmm mmmm good!Everything was served promptly, was fresh and tasted excellent!  The server was very, very nice and super sweet, as well as perfectly attentive.  The bartender was a kick and gladly shared the history of the decor and educated us about Rum and other things Tiki.Our meals ran about $10 per person and the drinks ran about $8, total for 5 friends, about $80.I will definitely be back soon!Join their email list for special events
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,11/20/2013,95,384,1,12,7>Meowza! This is some high quality food! Definitely not the typical Mexican place with burritos and beans plastered to the plate. Black Cat Cantina has a nice selection of dishes from Latin America. Yes, some are from Mexico, but even those are taken to the next level. When we were there, the place was empty. What a shame! I'm hoping they get busier at later hours, but when we were there around 6pm, we were the only customers. Service was friendly and helpful in making suggestions.We had the Enchiladas Mole - 3 chicken enchiladas in a complex mole sauce. It was sweet, yet not, and there wasn't a single spice note that overpowered - it was a great, rich blend.The fish tacos were filled with grilled fish. Hubby enjoyed them. Son ordered the Fettucine Argentine, but without the tomato sauce. Even without the sauce, the flavor from the sliced chorizo transferred to the pasta, and the parmesan and basil rounded out the flavors. Son kept gushing how much he loved it - from that picky boy, that's a huge compliment.The Black Cat also offers a Sunday brunch, but we haven't tried it yet. The owner brought us some 2-for-1 coupons to try it, so we just might make the trek out there. The food is really good, and worth the drive!
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,11/19/2013,106,368,5,8,6>Nail salons are a dime a dozen. However, iNails is a place that definitely stands out from the crowd. For starters, this salon is operated by two very friendly and enthusiastic young ladies. No matter how busy they are they always have time for you. English is not their first language but even that adds to the charm of iNails.The salon itself is difficult to spot from the street. iNails is located at the end of a strip mall near Sunset High School. The interior is clean, beautifully decorated, and comfortable. Soft spa music plays in the background and there's a bamboo curtain depicting a Vietnamese village.For $40 dollars my mother and I had spa pedicures. It was the best and most thorough pedicure I have ever had. While the ladies we're helping us they also managed to do a person's nails and another's eyebrows. All the while the proprietors we're doing our pedicures and providing us with some lively conversation. Nice! When I arrived at iNails I had just got out of court and was mad as Hell. The ladies, the music, and the pedicure all came to together to bring my blood pressure back down. iNails is the place to go for some relaxation and some wonderful professional attention.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,11/18/2013,42,89,,8,5>A neat little space in the North Tabor 'hood that stands out among other nearby spots. They take the namesake of the bar seriously too. You will find random taxidermy strewn about the place in a manner that is not overdone. Unless of course, you are vegan, which I assume for you, any amount is too much. No disrespect to my vegan brethren & sistren out there, though.   Anyone from the area may remember that this place used to be occupied by a restaurant by the name of Skin & Bones. A quaint foodie hole-in-the-wall that offered dinner on the fancier side for north tabor regulars. Items like braised rabbit and roasted lamb shank graced the menu with great wine pairings and produce so fresh that it was literally grown in the restaurant owner's garden next door. If you ask me, that's pretty damn cool and I think more people should do it.  After talking up the two person staff at the Tannery, I learned that the owners are still the same as Skin & Bones. This time, they decided that running a stylish bar with a decent but short menu would be more successful with the North Tabor demographic which is apparently dominated by lowish income renters such as myself. They still have a penchant for fresh local food that is high quality and apparently, the garden next door is still being utilized.     They have a creative list of cocktails that are quite good. I always like to see items listed in a cocktail recipe that require me to look up what they are. Because, learning is fun! Although, I can see how some people would be deterred by it. Not me, I'm adventurous like that.      The small food menu seems to be working out a few kinks still. Which, of course, is to be expected in a newly revamped establishment. The Lamb shepherds pie was quite delectable and even bigger than I thought it would be. I can only assume that the greens in my side salad came from next door, but the time of year would suggest that they must have came from elsewhere. Either way, they were amazing. Not those typical, flaccid, lifeless greens you get in most other places - including the bulk bin in your local grocer's produce department.   While all that was fine and dandy, my Fiancee ordered a bleu cheese polenta dish that came out way too rich and salty. It had potential, but the over-zealous salt use and heavy handed bleu portioning sent it over the cliff. The fries were good. Freshly cut, made with love and properly seasoned. I know that seems like something hard to screw up, but I am a bit of a pommes frites connoisseur.  I watched the guy make 'em, and he brought the love.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,11/17/2013,211,267,5,8,6>I LOVE ZELL'S CAFE!What's not to love about PASTRAMI SCRAMBLE on RYE with GRUYERE?! Probably my favorite brunch in Portland. They house cure the pastrami, and everything about it is just lovely. They pour a stiff mimosa, too. This is a standard breakfast cafe - nothing fancy and no $11 bloody mary's here. Just really, really damn good food and friendly service. And the best part MAY just be the free scones they give you when you sit down - they are buttery and flaky and delicious and come with some jam I just want to bathe myself in. Oh - and I even overheard a couple next to us who were gluten free and they brought them gluten free muffins instead of the scones - how cute!If you haven't been here for lunch, put it on your list. Scratch that - just go. Tomorrow. I don't care if it's a workday. Just go!
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,11/16/2013,93,278,3,6,5>The whole Romeo/Juliet thing didn't work out so well for everybody involved.  Lord and Lady Macbeth should probably never have been introduced.   A lot of great theater is made out of unwise couplings. In distinct contrast, however, Portland Center Stage marries perfectly with the Gerding Theater at the Armory, where it is now housed.This company was once a Northern outpost of Oregon Shakespeare Festival and performed in the Winningstad theater.  They won me over back then with a brilliant same-season scheduling of 'Hamlet' and 'Rosenkrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead' using all the same cast in the key roles. Then they hit a gold vein with David Sedaris' 'Santaland Diaries', which they wisely milk for both laughs and revenue year after year.Since the move to the Gerding Theater, Portland Center Stage has kept stepping up their game.  I remember being blown away by the adaptation they did of 'Sometimes A Great Notion', which I think of as the quintessential Northwest novel.  And then they did it again with another regional classic, 'Snow Falling on Cedars'.  When they returned to the Shakespeare well last season it was with the imaginative staging of 'Amazing Cymbelline', which was -as advertised - amazing.This season we managed to see 'Clybourne Park' before it closed and we agreed that it continued a long string of solid performances.  We don't have the budget to see everything this company produces but so far, only 'The North Plan' seemed a little thin, and really that didn't even dawn on me until I had stopped laughing well after the curtain came down.The lobby is inviting and the café is actually a decent place to grab a bite if you're running behind before show time.  The performances spaces themselves are open and inviting, without a bad seat as far as I can tell. The fact that the space is all LEED certified means you can breathe easy and know that the environment isn't toxic, even if the onstage relationships are.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,11/15/2013,216,263,5,7,7>Grazie.That seems to sum up every one of my sentiments when it comes to Ristorante Roma.Grazie for the wonderful, warm, intelligent servers.Grazie for the welcoming, intimate ambiance.And mostly, grazie for fulfilling every one of my Italian food cravings.Everything about this place is superb, and I am elated to have a place like this downtown. And for someone who loves Italian cuisine, I can't believe it took me until last year to come here. I came here to celebrate my birthday and am so glad that I did - Roma did a great job and took my appreciation for "great restaurants" to a whole new level.So, yeah. I guess there's nothing else for me to say, but.... grazie, grazie, grazie!
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,11/14/2013,161,578,3,7,6>We took an early morning bike ride from Stub Stewart State Park to Vernonia and back on the Banks/Vernonia bike path.  I had previously looked at Yelp for some ideas and this place stood out.  Most people loved it and so we thought we would ride to it and give it a try.We arrived lamenting that we had not brought our bike locks with us.  As we rounded the corner we spied on the front window that there was bike parking inside the restaurant.  What a great idea.  That quickly became my favorite thing about this place but it got better.We ordered and also wanted some water.  They have cups and a water cooler so you can help yourself.  You can also fill up your water bottles there.  I ordered a burger which came on their own bread.  Very tasty and a side salad that was quite big.  All in all a great meal.I stopped in their restroom and they allow writing on the wall.  They provide the pens.  You must adhere to their rules, however.  See the photo.  Tasty home cooked Greek food.  The YS had some hummus and other greens which was also tasty.  Yes, he let me taste.  I would highly recommend and I will be back again.
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,11/13/2013,171,142,1,14,4>BACKGROUND - In terms of Cambodian food, I come from a Chinese/Viet family that infuses some Cambodian culture into some dishes. PROS - New restaurant, great ambiance in an Old Victorian house, lots of purple and calming candles with Khmer music in the background. Menus are fairly straightforward. There is a lunch menu and a dinner menu. My coworker and I went during lunch so the prices were a bit cheaper (but still spendy for lunch). 1. Pork Belly Buns - $6 gets you 2 delicious velvety soft buns (super fresh) filled with pork belly, daikon, carrot, green jalpeno, cilantro and parsley goodness. Full of flavor, will get again!2. Caw - I was anticipating this to be slightly bigger since it was $10, but you get a decent sized (not sharing size though) bowl of soup to eat with the rice that it comes with. The aroma was amazing and the "dirty herbal" flavors were addicting. Coworker had: House eggrolls and their house noodle soup (with add on chicken). She claims it is better than pho. She enjoyed both dishes and suggested we go there again for lunch.CONS - Street parking...had to drive around the block a bit to find an open space.POINTERS - I spent $16 on lunch (plus tip)....left feeling kinda full (I have a huge appetite if you haven't noticed already). I wish portions were bigger for lunch for that price point. I would definitely come here again but only on special occasions.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,11/12/2013,101,133,,12,7>I'm upgrading my review! Mai Asia is my one and only go to place for quick food in Tualatin. If I'm not feeling well and not up to cooking, its my wonderful comfort place.I always stick to the Pho because it is absolutely fantastic, and I often get their delicious salad rolls. Everything is incredibly fresh, simple, authentic and flavorful.My husband always gets the Chicken Fried rice, and Won Tons. The fried rice and chicken are light, and it's packed with fantastic veggies and great seasoning. I would be lost with out this Amazing little place tucked in a strip mall, in the burbs.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,7/6/2012,241,429,13,14,14>This is what a burger should be.I'm going to type that again, read carefully.Joe's Burgers are what burgers should be.No dry half pound meatloaf, no tarted up foodie nonsense.  The patties are thin and griddle fried, double up if you have an appetite.  The bun is soft, the veggies are fresh and crispy. The fries are thin, not quite what I'd call shoestring and best when brand new.  The pop fountain is fizzy as hell.  Oh yeah.This is a drippy burger.  The juices, the 1000 island, there are containment considerations.  They wrapped my burger up and put it in a sleeve, but I had to take it all off because the bun was shredding as I tried to eat.  Eat it over the tray.
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,7/5/2012,123,492,13,32,31>I read a review of this shelter recently by Alena C. who concluded: "I know it's not the ritziest shelter, but cats and dogs don't get a choice as to where they end up."  It resonated.  A lot.Although we only recently lost our boy Spike, I believe the best way to remember and honor a lost pet is to open my home to another one in need.  The memories are less painful when the gaping hole left behind is slowly refilled with the joy of getting to know my next shelter dog.  And that's all I'll ever have, all I'll ever want - shelter dogs, 5+ years old.  Because they're cool. You skip all that puppy crap (literally), all those torn shoes, all that potty training, and you get right to the good stuff.  A playful dog who is able to be calm and just be, who may already have decent manners, but who is open to learning all the new ways of happily existing in your home and following your rules.  Sure they will require additional training.  What dog doesn't?  Training is an excellent way to further build and nurture a bond with your new dog.  We found our recent addition at Multnomah County Animal Shelter, and I swear it was love at first sight.This is a county-run facility, and there is no mistaking that fact.  While there is a capital campaign currently underway to raise funds to build a fantastic new facility (and I strongly urge anyone who cares at all about animals in need in our county to get onto their website and donate to the Shelter Dreams effort), it is definitely a concrete jungle built in a time when concrete block and chain link were the functional choice.  It's loud (what shelter isn't?), and it's a little on the dark side.  But you know what makes this place a lot brighter?  A terrific staff and volunteer force who care for the animals, and it shows.  When I arrived shortly after opening, everything had clearly been scrubbed down with disinfectant.  Shelters by definition are not the cleanest environments, but they work hard here to keep it as clean as possible to try to reduce the spread of things like kennel cough or other things that like to hang out in such environments.  They have meet and greet yards where you can get to know the animals a little better, away from the kennel runs and the excitement and bustle going on inside.  People there know about the personality traits of the animals in their care, and can relay that information to you to help you find your best match.I urge anyone looking to adopt a family pet to check out the wonderful animals who come through the county shelter.  While the environment here is not the warmest (yet), the people are, and the animals certainly appreciate your consideration.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,7/4/2012,72,121,3,10,7>Man, this was fantastic. I wasn't sure what to expect after reading the not-stellar reviews from many yelpers that I respect. But I, personally, found everything top notch. First of all, the shio ramen with pork belly was not too salty for me (shio as in salt). Ramen is supposed to be salty, as you stumble through the streets of Osaka or Tokyo and proclaim the 3-am drunken statement "ooh, I NEED a bowl of ramen right now!" And afterward, if you actually eat the whole thing, you might find yourself saying "ugh, I'll never do that again". But you do. Of course. Now, the challenge of making ramen for regular, not-wasted people is how to cater to the craving without the ramen hangover. I don't think this is an easy feat. At Wafu, I felt a bit too full after eating my bowl, but I stopped early and definitely did not state that I was finished with ramen. I knew I'd be back for more. The noodles were firm, the toppings excellent, I even enjoyed some as left-overs, which I did not expect.Aside from ramen, my husband and I both devoured the avocado and marinated eggplant hand rolls. Man, they were fantastic! Shiso was the secret flavor, and there was a white ponzu soy sauce to give it more kick. I had a lotus root salad which was pretty good. And our drinks were perfect. S had a Dirty Snow Monkey with grapefruit, ginger and sake. I had a virgin something similar. I still love Biwa, but last time I had ramen there, I was disappointed. I also noticed a lack of vegetables, whereas here, at Wafu, I had plenty of veggies to balance my protein intake. And we got out of there less broke than Biwa leavesus!
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2012,7/3/2012,194,364,12,12,11>Blimey! You want fish and chips? Go visit my mate, James; he'll show your cakehole some good ocean grub that'll make you happy as Larry for only a couple fivers; it's the dog's bollocks!!!Ok, I've never been across the pond, so I'll have to take the word of others how authentic it is compared to real English Fish & Chips, but frankly, with how good this is, I don't care, because:- Huge 4oz fillets of fish, seasoned/battered/fried x2 to golden brown perfection- Great selection of swimmers from the baseline cheaper cod, up to halibut with mahi mahi, and snapper in between- Perfectly seasoned (avoiding the trend to over-salt), hand-cut, big chunky fries (oh wait, they're "chips", right?)- The BEST tartar sauce I've ever had!  Tangy, creamy, chunky....the perfect sauce for both fish and fries!James has his F&C factory down to a science, and I honestly can say this is the best I've had in Portland.  I recommend letting the fish rest for a minute on some paper to soak-up some excess oil since you get it a mere 10 seconds after leaving the fryer, but I count that as a necessary evil for fried freshness!Go get some fish for your kisser and you won't be disappointed!!!
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,7/2/2012,97,506,8,14,15>This review is strictly for weekend brunch at the Woodsman, since I haven't made it there for dinner yet.  I had the buttermilk biscuit, country ham, rabe and egg plate, and a side of bacon. This plate doesn't sound like anything earth-shattering, but it was absolutely perfect. The biscuit was one of the best I've ever had - yes, even better than my Grandma's. Better than Pine State's by a country mile. I asked for a little bit of jam for the biscuit, and was given some of their housemade tangerine marmalade, which was delicious. The bacon was cooked a bit more crispy than I typically like, but the flavor was so intensely, well, bacony, that I could hardly ding them for that. My dining companions seemed to be just as thrilled with their dishes. The french toast looked more like a slab of bread pudding than just simple bread - I definitely need to try that next time. The service was on point as well, they were totally on top of coffee and water refills. The coffee is super-strong Stumptown (probably Hair Bender), which seems only fitting.The prices aren't cheap, but honestly it ends up being about as much as brunch at many other well-known Portland spots, and everything is top quality.I could hardly believe that they're not more busy for brunch, but I guess the word hasn't gotten out yet - enjoy it while it lasts!
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2011,7/1/2012,111,30,8,8,6>Okay, so I know I've been reviewing a lot of food carts lately since I live at them during lunch time on the weekdays but this one HAS to be done!Aybla makes great salads.  No, scratch that - Aybla makes monster salads.  No, no wait - Aybla's salads eat other salads.  These salads make fun of other salads for being little girly-men salads and then roundhouse kick them in the face.  They are the Chuck Norris of salads!I'm not the biggest salad eater but I try not to eat a ton of carbs (especially for lunch since I prefer to stay awake at work afterwards).  I also am trying to eat at every single food cart in downtown Portland... I'm not sure why I'm doing that but I am.  The salad at this place was really the only thing I could get that didn't have rice or bread somehow affiliated with it.  I was not unpleased.  I was, in fact, VERY pleased.The first time I went I got the chicken salad and today was lamb.  I love lamb! (lamp)  It's a barrel full of heaven and usually is enough to bring home and have for dinner.  They do put a bit of dressing on it so if you're watching your calories, you'll probably want to address the dressing... there's a pun in there somewhere, sorry.  Otherwise there's a donkey-ton of meat which is fantastic after a lunchtime workout.Special note: salad is normally $9 but there is an instant deal on Livingsocial.com that gives you $9 for $6.  I'm not sure how long that's going to last but $6 for lunch and dinner pretty much can't be beat.  Not to mention - it's friggin' good.  And?  They do Go-Box.  That makes it 5-stars, baby!
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,6/30/2012,949,916,24,25,24>We did not know what to expect when we got here.We did not expect the other tables to get all cray (yet ours did too......)We were not anticipating to have emptied out several bottles of soju (pineapple and yogurt flavors)We were not anticipating to also have emptied out several big bottles of Hite beer.We were not anticipating the food to be served so slow, yet the people were so friendly and kind.We were not anticipating that the place was only run by an elderly couple (yay to mom and pop shops!)We were not anticipating to have yummy Korean food (i.e. seafood pancake, chicken wings, bulgogi)BUT we were anticipating to be drunk at the end of the night.  AND we did not expect to make a drive to McDonald's for Big Macs later into the night.OVERALL: We did not anticipate to have SO MUCH FUN! Cheers to good times (or memories we have of it!) Highly recommend this place for a late night hang out with the buddies and drinks!***Disclaimer: Soju brings out too much fun in an individual(s). Don't drink and drive! Please have a designated driver (DD) available!***
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,6/29/2012,70,99,9,15,12>If there was ever a review I was reluctant to write this is it!A firm believer in Best Kept Secrets it is with mixed emotion I type this review. Taste of Sichuan is so good I would prefer not to share it with anyone looking for a reason or affirmation to try this gem of a restaurant. Introduced by a recently transplanted Vincent D. from Shanghai we enjoyed a lunch in which I took a pleasant back seat to his expertise as he ordered. My only request was the Sichuan Crab I saw on the menu board as we walked in but I'll get to that in a few...Vincent D. ordered Kung Pao Chicken, Sichuan Crab and a vegetable dish he says was Bean Leaves but for sure tasted like sauteed spinach to me. We have since confirmed they were in fact Pea Vines. They were incredible! Part of my learning experience as a result of dining with a foreign local is to ask for the vegetable that is the freshest (in season) as opposed to your vegetable of choice. (Probably another secret I should keep close to the vest) I have since had the Dry Cooked String Beans and they too are superb!After scarfing down the chicken and then the Pea Vines I decided to taste the Sichuan Style Crab. Ignoring my table manners I grabbed a leg and delicately pulled the meet out of the shoulder portion of the leg. Once disposing of that shoulder portion it was time to tear into the leg the only way that seemed possible; I bet in and it was a culinary firework show. Sweet, yet tangy, but spicy but sweet but tangy but spicy again...OH SHIT!!! I couldn't believe what my tongue was experiencing! My taste buds were all over the place and I was confused as to how all of these things could be encapsulated in one dish. Before I knew it I was grunting and wiping my mouth with my sleeve as I beckoned for my minions to bring me another chalice of the best wine my kingdom had to offer; or so I imagined in my food induced hallucinatory state! Honestly I had Sichuan seasoning all over my fingers and humbly apologized to Vincent for eating with my hands. He smirked at me and said it was okay as if he knew I would.That singular visit now has me addicted to Sichuan and I plan to try to make every dish Sichuan style if they'll let me! Please be aware, lunch service gets really crowded but it is absolutely worth the eight minute wait for a table!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,6/28/2012,225,201,6,10,7>Take it from me, I'm an authentic Korean, and this place is about as authentic as can be. Well, at least for Oregon that is.I have always said that a good way to gauge a restaurants authenticity is to look around you and see if the patrons are actually of that ethnic background. In this case, yes, Woo Jung Oak had all Korean diners. Now that's always a good sign because all too often, food reviews/blogs are written by people who have no clue as to how authentic food should taste like. Case in point - a certain Korean restaurant (I won't name and names *cough* NakWon *cough*) in Beaverton gets awesome reviews and is always crowded with non-Korean peeps. People rave about this place but quite frankly, it's MEDIOCRE. How it passes off as being Korean food is beyond me. Just because it's Korean owned and operated, does not mean that the food is authentic. Bleh.Woo Jung Oak takes me back to my early childhood when grandma would whip up dishes from scratch. She would even spend an entire day with 3 cases of won bok cabbage and end up with 15+ gallon jars of kimchee to be given away and the remaining to be stored in the outside kimchee fridge (yes, Koreans have a seperate fridge dedicated just for kimchee!). And just like grandma's kimchee, Woo Jung Oak's is homemade and tastes great! It has that really spicy, pasty chili pepper flavor and not that commerical taste that's found in the supermarket jars. The dwaeji bulgogi (spicy pork) tastes EXACTLY the way my grandma and mom would make it. The dol sot bibim bap could've been better if they used the right stone pot, a mistake that EVERY single k-restaurant in Oregon makes. How or why they can't get dolsot right is beyond me?! But the jigae's are good, especailly on a cold winter night. I also want to note that ajumma that runs the front is very friendly. She's very attentive and very nice. Prices are reasonable considering good k-restaurants in Oregon seem to be a rarity. Woo Jung Oak won my heart over. The food is down-home cookin' at it's best, well, at least for Oregon. Do not hesitate to give WJO a try, you won't regret it. And this is coming from a Korean person.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,6/27/2012,110,230,8,7,6>This is one of my favorite places to visit after a romantic night out. They have delicious coffees and mochas and the best hot cocoa!I am pretty sure you can not go wrong with any dessert. The Concord is my favorite. It's super rich chocolate mousse with delicate chocolate "sticks" that crumble into your mouth leaving a great sensation to go with the richness. The Queen of Sheba, a molten lava cake, is a bit dry. I recommend having a scoop of  ice-cream on the side. Then there is the  Shazam! and if you pronounce it's name:S The wisdom of Solomon;H The strength of Hercules;A The stamina of Atlas;Z The power of Zeus;A The courage of Achilles;M The speed of Mercury.None of those things will actually happen. You'll just get a bloated belly and a increased chance of diabetes after you've devoured this chocolate tower.So, if you are not ready to go home and want to finish off a perfect night out  with a chocolate coma, Pix Patisserie is the place to go!
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,6/24/2013,21,37,2,6,5>Sugar Me is great! I made an appointment online, and since I was unsure exactly where it was I got there about 30 minutes early. They were able to see me almost immediately which was great, and I ended up getting my brows done by Kate. She's wonderful, very professional and will totally put you at ease. We did a brow design, and I told her what I like, and then she gave me some helpful tips, and when she was done they were perfect. I'm normally all about waxing, and using hard wax at that, but I really like the sugar wax. Warm but not overly hot. It was actually soothing, and my skin didn't look inflamed after. Definitely give them a try!They also have a cool punch card thing, with 5 brow waxes and get the next one free. And I got a free lip balm that smells delish. I will be going back soon! Love the sugaristas!
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/23/2013,15,111,,4,4>One of the best restaurants in Portland if you ask me.  Every dish we got was outstanding, from the appetizer to the desserts.  It was recommended to check this place out and I am so glad we did.  The Empanadas are amazing, although not traditional like you'd find on the streets of a south american country. I got the shrimp in white wine sauce and my colleague got the pork plate.  We both got a cookie for dessert and I also brought a piece of cake back for my roommate.  None of it was bad, or even mediocre. The portions are big, so you get what you pay for, and the service was spot-on.  It is not a place for large groups, so just be aware of that.  Otherwise, I highly, highly recommend and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,6/22/2013,56,145,,10,6>Two burgers and two BloodShed Red beers....$28...yikes!  That was our first impression of Killer Burgers.  After the initial shock, the experience was much better, and four star worthy.The beer choices seem to outnumber the burger choices, and Bloodshed Red was a pretty good.  I did not know until later that it's from Killer's own brewery.  Points for beer!Burgers were good to very good.  Lots of toppings but not "it's all in my lap" messy.You won't believe this but.....excellent customer service! At a burger joint!  While we mulled our choices (wife was getting either the classic or the "bleu cheese" burger, I was planning on the other), the counter gal offered to have them split for us so we could each have half.  Awesome!  We were asked if we needed anything/everything ok enough to feel as though we were at a sit-down restaurant and as we left, gal swooped in and gathered our rubbish for us.  For those of you who have complained about the amount of fries??  Just ask....fries are bottomless at Killer.  Two TVs in this location, both on ESPN.  Resturant was clean and continually "tidied" by staff.ProTip: There is a tip jar at the counter.  You receive the kind of service here that would normally receive a table tip.  Either tip when you order or at least make sure to drop something on your way out.Still a bit expensive, but really good burgers in our opinion.  Super experience!
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,6/21/2013,457,244,18,10,12>Apparently I'm not Children's Museum material.  Or so I was told shortly before being abandoned one afternoon in Woodstock.  As I stood there alone, watching the family drive away, I did what any reflective family man would do when hit with such an impactful statement.I got drunk and watched football.Our visit to the Woodstock Farmer's Market earlier that morning was the catalyst as the Lil' Dictator had been a complete shit.  This happens. He is 3 and at this early stage of life he is often method acting the role of an alcoholic primate, with no self-control and a desire to test the bonds of fatherly love. Hmmm. I think I saw that afternoon special once. Kirk Cameron starred. I think he might have been the monkey that didn't belief in evolution.Now this IS my one and only son (that I know of, Maury), so I should state that he isn't channeling just any random drunken and belligerent monkey. No. That's my boy, so he's a smart calculating well-oiled monkey.  The kind you see in movies."Right turn, Owen"So my patience was spent and my nerves frazzled that day, and yeah, maybe I wasn't Children's Museum material.  I think this is a normal and expected consequence to peeling your ape shit crazy child off of the Farmer's Market asphalt, then trying to cage his crazed antics in the confines of the car for 20 minutes.So alone and stranded, I headed into the Roma Coliseum to watch the gridiron gladiators of Sundays (and Sunday night, and Monday night, oh and don't forget Thursday night too) and have a few drinks.  Multiple games on multiple screens. Yeah, baby, I love it when you talk dirty to me.The beer selection was good, service was attentive and  friendly.  But what really sold me was the free self-serve popcorn.  Sure, not as great as the self-serve popcorn machine at Sex World in Minneapolis with the "do not use your hands" sign (I've got photo proof of that), but damn, it was right up there with the likes of Les Schwab.Eventually my family returned, assisted me into the car where it was my turn to method act the life and times of a drunk primate, with no self-control and a desire to re-forge the bonds of fatherly love with his crazy little chimpanzee.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,6/20/2013,320,479,24,10,11>My day started ordinarily enough with my dutiful workout at the gym.I have been working out hard to get rid of my big, bubble butt.  But guess what?  Then "icanhascheeseburger" came along on 04/20/13 for only $4.20 and not only did I waver, I had fries with that.  Yeah, it was effing worth it.This wasn't just any cheeseburger.  This thing is so huge it's daunting.  Nestled between two very big grilled cheese sandwiches, you will find your slab of juicy, meaty, yumminess, complete with tomato and lettuce.  I specifically ordered mine without the onion.I was only able to eat part of the grilled cheese portions but did finish the meat.After the gluttonous deed was done, I was overwhelmed with guilt.  What had I just done?  I had just worked out at the gym about an hour earlier!  I turned around and hauled my redonkadonk butt back to the gym to do my penance.
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,6/19/2013,58,75,8,12,4>I moved here from NH nearly 5 years ago - and was loathe to leave my esthetician behind. In response I went the past 4+ years without a waxing. (Luckily I'm not hirsute - but that's over-sharing.) The time finally came, with two back to back vacations in two weeks, to say goodbye to unwanted hair with a bit more gusto (vigor? so many great adjectives!). So, after a recommendation from two friends I scheduled an appointment. Considering you're about to wave your cooch around at a stranger, this place is as low key and comfortable as you can get. There's no pretension, which is NOT to say there's no professionalism - Angie is a professional through and through. This is more like chatting with a girlfriend for 20 minutes - only you happen to leave all fabulous. Angie works quickly, she's excellent, and totally puts you at ease. There's no awkward banter or nonsense - though we had plenty of laughs and good conversation - she just gets her business done on your business. She is, without a doubt, my new go-to for waxing. I LOVE ANGIE. I would adopt her as my new BFF in a minute! :)
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,6/16/2013,426,1757,4,19,10>The Painted Lady was everything I hoped it would be.From the formality of the setting to the exceptional service and cuisine.Our party of four was celebrating a special occasion and we ordered a variety of items from the 5-course tasting menu. From the chef's amuse-bouche, a trio of bites to start the meal, and concluding with a three-tiered tower of chocolate (three different types of truffles for each person) that accompanied our coffee, it was a pure delight. Portland has the casual thing nailed, but it was refreshing to dine at an unabashedly elegant restaurant.I originally planned dinner for Friday night, but they only have a few four tops in the restaurant, so the first available reservation for my party was on Sunday. In other words, reservations are essential and easily made. When they called to reconfirm the day prior to my reservation, they asked if there were any special occasions and if any guests had food allergies. I really appreciated that they asked in advance (even though we don't have any) to help ensure their guests have the best possible experience.The options are a 5-course tasting menu (vegetarian menu on the left and the standard menu on the right) or an expanded Chef's menu that must be ordered by everyone at the table. What is nice is that you can mix and match between the two 5-course menus.A few personal favorites from the current menu:-- First course - Butter Poached Oysters, Potato, Crispy Leeks, and Bacon Lardons-- Fish course - Seared Diver Scallop, Parsnip, Herb Nage-- Dessert course -  Apple Tart Tatin, Cherry Compote, Vanilla Bean Ice CreamThe plating, the china, the service. Everything was just exquisite. And even though I really enjoyed all of my selections, I managed to have plate envy at each and every course when I looked around the table. The wine menu, they are in the heart of the Willamette Valley after all, is expansive. This place isn't for everyone. You should be prepared by bring your A game when it comes to your behavior as a diner and it is one of the more expensive restaurants in the Portland Metro area. The closest compare would be Genoa in Portland.Certainly not a place I will come to on a regular basis, but for a fine dining experience, certainly near the top of the list.------------------Five Course Tasting Menu $65, Four Wine Pairing $45, adding a cheese course ($20 Supplement). Chef's menu $80.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/15/2013,97,140,7,7,5>Fellas - I'm talkin' to you.You're with that special lady and ready to pop the question. You're looking for a ring. This is VERY IMPORTANT now: Stop yourself from walking into a Zales, Fred Meyer Jewelers, or any of that sort. Literally, STOP. Don't do it. Get away from Jared. Don't shop BlueNile. Now, young man - get thee to Gilt ASAP. On the bridal/engagement side, they have antique diamond rings of all price ranges that are simple to ornate, all high quality and all with personality and that pizzazz every lady should want from something she's going to wear the rest of her life. The staff has been incredibly helpful the several times I've gone in. They'll let you try rings on and browse, give you terminology for things you like and it's an absolute 0 pressure sale.On the casual side, they have local artisan jewelry with everything from turquoise stones to beads. They feature over 20 local artists and each artist has an area to display their work and everything is available for purchase.AGAIN, FELLAS - shopping for anniversary or a just-because necklace or something else that's pretty? GO to Gilt. Talk to one of the ladies there. They'll help you out.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,6/14/2013,194,364,6,10,8>This is a fantastic, non-profit animal adoption & rescue center is located right in the heart of PDX!  They are not focused on just making a buck (like a lot of stores/breaders are), but rather they really strive to find a small companion that's the RIGHT fit for your personality, lifestyle, and living situation.  And even better, you can feel good knowing that most of the pets available are from over-crowded shelters and rescues from more rural areas of Oregon that otherwise might have been euthanized. They also offer pet owner education, and provide low cost or free spay/neuter and other veterinary services for homeless or low-income pet owners. Finally, all of the proceeds from their small pet store go right back to supporting their non-profit services (their gift cards make great presents to pet-owning friends/family!)Honestly, the more you learn about this place, the better you feel about supporting it versus their big-box competitors like CatCo or what have you.When I'm ready to find a furry friend (not the PDX hipster kind), this will definitely be my first stop.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,6/13/2013,121,1306,3,14,10>I'm holding my breath every time I come in here. I so badly want them to succeed. You see, this is exactly the pizza you'll eat when you're in Italy (if you haven't been go. Now.) They've had Napolese pizza consultants doing all of the in-house pizza training. Think about that for a minute. A pizza consultant. I'm in the wrong business. The pizzas have all been stellar----thin, chewy, fresh ingredients. These pies are in the 12" range and easily devoured by a single person, unless you're supplementing it with some of their salads. I've had good, but smaller, salads, and good Tiramisu.Depending on the night, it feels like the service is straight out of Italy, too. There hasn't been any sort of consistency. Sometimes it's packed. Sometimes no one is there. Sometimes some of the servers forget to show up and leave the owner to do the serving. It really doesn't bother me when the food continues to be that good, and it's comes up quickly. I'm there for the pizza. I sit at the bar. I order. I watch the magic happen. It's simple. It's not the cheapest pizza meal I've eaten, knowing I'll leave without a to-go bag for $20. It's hard not to order a glass of wine to go with my pizza, y'know? It's a small price to pay to feel like I'm in Italy again. Maybe the inconsistencies in service and the kind of odd interior was what they were going for. It's definitely like an Italian style spot, but I know far too many people who would love to criticize them for it, and let it take away from the food. I guess I'm just easy to please.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,11/27/2010,52,136,4,8,4>Best Sushi in HillsboroAmazing lunch specials: all of the sashimi, nigri, and rolls have perfectly thick cut pieces of fresh fish.  In addition to the perfectly cut fish, the portions are huge for about 13-15 dollars.   I was so impressed I went eat there 3 times within one week.  Dinner is not quite the same steal as lunch, but just as delicious.  The scallop and  salmon roll is a must try.  Many of their other rolls are fun and a bit untraditional- Who else would come up with a KFC roll with fried chicken- strange but mmm mmm good.For a limited time, until February 28th 2010 there is a $10 off coupon for a meal of $50 or more on their website.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2010,11/26/2010,145,186,13,8,10>Cocaine is a highly addictive substance. People who take it can become physically and psychologically dependent upon it to the point where they can't control their cravings. Researchers have found that cocaine-addicted monkeys will press a bar more than 12,000 times to get a single dose of it. As soon as they get it, they will start pressing the bar for more. If Yogio had a bar,  I would press it until the men with strait jackets came for me!   Delicious veggies wrapped inside a deep fried rice ball, submerged in chili paste then wrapped in a seaweed shell! I am not much for seaweed but that's for my husband to sop up with reckless abandon.  If you are not much for the rice action,  then Yogio offers scissors. Giant noodles unlike you've ever had before in a broth and veggies so delicious you will lick every last drop off of your fingers.  Yogio also offers a Korean Frito Pie that I have not been daring enough to try, and fun Korean drinks that look fantastic!The girls that run the joint are chill and fun. I takes a while to to get your grub,  but that's because it's made to order.  Generally, the vibe I get is that  I am hanging out at home while a friend whips me up a little something in a tiny pot.  I don't know too much about real Korean street food but if it's anything like Yogio it will suck you in like a crack addicted monkey,  begging for more!
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2010,11/25/2010,236,543,7,4,4>I found this neo-K food spot through the powerful Yelp telescopes, scanning heavens for new stars and erratic satellites.Hot dogs are a fond childhood barbecue memory. So I had the Taepodong Hot Dog.Taepodong  is the name of North Korean military's  "sometimes it works" missile. Its most recent successful failure was to launch a satellite into the ocean. If it worked, maybe the taepodong could reach from Pyongyang to Portland. But we don't need that, because Kim Jong Grillin's version of this missile is a stellar success. The first stage is its great  bánh mì-style bun. The second stage is a generous filling of chili pepper infused shredded dikon; the third stage mango slices bursting flavor stars. The payload is of course a freshly grilled meaty tube steak. It's a great flavor and texture adventure!Some of Han's other menu items have humorous names referencing North Korea's inscrutable Supreme Leader.I have also had the bi bim bap box. It's a huge meal with a variety of textures and tastes, far beyond usual food cart ingredient lists, and including spicy crunchy shredded daikon and your choice of proteins.Though I am generally resistant to eating food off bones, I'm dieing to try Han's smoked and stuffed duck, a special item when one of his podmates, Leroy's, smoker is cookin'. It's a half duck, feeding several hungry eaters, and an order ahead item, check the cart's Twitter. The owner mentioned he has many more ideas for authentic Korean menu items.Kim Jong Il would fit in perfectly in Portland, avoiding the huge carbon footprint of air travel and traveling only by train. Somewhat a hedonist, by some reports. So I suggested the cart erect a huge poster of the Supreme Leader, in his vintage style oversize glasses, which haven't gone out of style and come back in trendy North Korea, but would fit in easily on oh so hip Division. For now, Kim Jong Grillin' will need to be his Portland stand in. And while Kim Jong Il has the bomb, Jim Jong Grillin' is the bomb.This is the best a food cart can be - authentic, adventurous, quality ingredients, talkative, informative food creators, a bargain and tasty!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2010,11/24/2010,457,356,20,17,15>Jury Duty.  That little card comes in the mail after you mail in the questionnaire and forget about the whole thing.  There is a date, and a phone number and you just know that you're going to have go in because you are in jury pool number two.  Sure enough, Monday morning, bright and early you call and they call your number.  The adventure begins.Parking is the great challenge for potential jurors in Clark County.  There are two lots, quite well hidden unless you know downtown pretty well.  Not far from the courthouse is unmetered street parking and some 10 hour meters.. if you usually carry $5.00 in quarters with you.  Definitely loses a star for parking.The Jury Assembly Room is quite large with lots of seating, tables with nice chairs and televisions all over the place near as I can tell, stuck on the History Channel with no volume.  History Channel without volume is like watching a video of your high school history books but with no words written in it.Eventually, usually not too long after you arrive and they give you the talk about what to expect, some bailiff comes down and takes you up to a courtroom for a voir dare (jury selection).  This is wear some lawyers will bore you into a state of unconsciousness and you get to hear people give the flimsiest excuses for not being able to be on a jury.  For the potential juror this is the most dangerous time, you have to either act fast and get yourself discounted early or have an iron-clad excuse.  Some acceptable ones I have heard...1.  I have open heart surgery scheduled for Wednesday2.  I have tickets for a trip/cruise/tour (bring tickets!)3.  I know one of the lawyers/plantiffs/defendents personallySome bad ones...1.  I start school in three weeks and I need to mentally prepare.2.  I cannot afford the time off (this option is legally off the table in many states, you should know this before being called)3.  I cannot leave my cat alone4.  I am biased against everythingIf you get picked, like I did this last time, suck it up, make the best of it and look at it as life experience because once your name is called you can do nothing.  NOTHING!  In the morning you get coffee.  At the mid morning break they have a package of those duplex creme cookies you see at discount grocers for $1.59.  Lunch is 90 to 120 minutes long usually and you are on your own.  Late afternoon break they give you popcorn.  So, they try and make it as bearable as possible.All in all, aside from being bombarded for three days with lawyer-speak, repetitive questions asked even more repetitively than you can imagine and wildly conflicting stories from witnesses it's a nice way to get to know 12 other people.We live in a wonderful and free country (for the time being) and one of the things they ask of us is to occasionally do some civic duty.  Could the system use an overhaul?  Yes.  How about picking from the registered users of unemployment and welfare first?  How about something more than $10 a day and 50 cents a mile if you do get put on a jury?  Give the excuses people the $10, let the real jurors make something closer to a decent wage for the day.You know, it could make a nice little Staycation if you are so inclined....
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,11/23/2010,152,351,11,15,10>Five Foot Four.Too tall for Petite; too short for Regular. This means every pair of pants and jeans I buy takes a trip to the master hemmer first. Annoying, yet necessary.Recently my go-to gal went back to the Old Country -- I will miss her clipped Austrian accent and odd Euro slurs (to my thighs she once complained, "Tsk. You must be Bavarian."). So I returned to an old downtown stand-by: the Gien family tailors. They do excellent work, quickly, and are very friendly. They probably talk about my thighs too, but not when I'm there.Prices are a tad higher ($14/hem) than I'm used to and they don't take debit or credit cards, but it's worth it. I mean, what? I should learn to sew?
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,11/22/2010,24,53,9,9,8>Whoa, whoa whoa.  Wait a second.  Let me get this straight.  Along with my chicken fried chicken and gravy, I get garlic mashed potatoes AND grilled brussel sprouts?  You're kidding me, right?  You put one of those sides with an entree and there is a 93.7% chance I'm ordering that entree.  You pair both of those together.  Good god, that is six metric tons of kick ass awesome.  The chicken fried chicken was also super tasty. In addition to my wonderful comfort food, I got the chance to try the pork bellies (aka big chunks of savory salty sweet swine).  So delicious.Great food and drinks all at a very affordable price.  The Observatory rocks it like no other.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,11/21/2010,457,244,23,13,18>We were in a rush that night.  Typical? Yes.  I am notoriously early; while the TLB is notorious for being fashionably late.  This Dr. Jekyll and Mr. How'd You Like to Hurry It Up relationship synergy usually produces this dastardly duo right on time to most scheduled events, but also takes a mental toll on me following the required bout of anxious pacing and constant watch checking before we finally leave for our destination.So, here we are, trying to make it to Apizza Scholls for a pie, with the minute hand on my watch and the Audi's digital clock mocking me with their constant progression past the self imposed 5:30 arrival time.  The evening's main event is at 7, so each precious second that passes not only represents a dying hope for a seat and a slice of pie, but also adds to my nervous foot tapping and aggressive driving."Would you stop looking at your watch?"  "Can you maybe calm down a little?"  "You're starting to stress ME out now" are the trifecta of statements that are sure bets to be spoken during our drive, and I can assure you this night was no different.As we got closer to town, we came upon the decision to make new plans and find another not so crowded dinner destination to satisfy our daily recommended allowance of pizza."So we need to think of someplace else to go.  What about Gladstone Coffee?  I've heard some great things from the Yeeps about it; I'm just not sure where to find it?"  "Gladstone Coffee...for pizza?  You sure you don't want to go to Starbucks instead?  Sure, if they have good pizza I'm game.  But where is it?""Well, I seem to remember that it is somewhere....hey, is that it?"Yeah, it was it.  The Pizza Gods were smiling on us, because almost magically we found ourselves at that instant driving by.And damn, I'm sure glad we were.The pizza is fantastic...the Canadian bacon was truly amazing.  All ingredients are local plus they have a good selection of regional beers on tap.  Service was fast, attentive and very friendly.As someone who has previously equated pizza to sex and hook ups, I would definitely rank this up there with that attractive, but not overly glamorous hottie, who surprises you with a long night of baby crying, thunder flying, teeth shaking, glass breaking, rump roasting, bun toasting, wham bam, thank you ma'am interplanetary funkmanship, which leaves you with a funny walk, a smile on your face and desire for more..Except Gladstone Coffee is doing it one slice at a time...
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,11/20/2010,213,358,8,18,11>Yes it is a five star happy hour lounge.Please note that this is a review for the lounge and not the restaurant.The HH menu is really good and cheap and good. $4 for a half pound burger, yeah that's right $4. The Mac 'n Cheese is spectacular, and the stuffed mushrooms are divine.What I like most about this place is that it has never seen the light of modern day 2010. Somehow being protected from sunlight has allowed this swanky lounge to remain in pristine circa 1959 condition.It's been shown that many upscale lounge's HH menu's do not carry a drink special in this town (I'm talking to you Henry's). Not the case here at Clyde's. Here at Clyde's they carry an all day drink special everyday for $5. Posted on the menu they have listed a different drink for each day of the week. That is so cool.Cheers
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,11/19/2010,189,360,3,8,5>Interested in fresh, wholesome, delicious, top quality ingredients in your meals?  Daily Cafe has got all that covered with the added bonus of also making everything completely tasty and delicious.The cafe itself is situated on a sunny corner in the Pearl District.  Its casual and semi-inexpensive (but the value is great - you're getting good food for your dollar).  Order at the counter, serve yourself some water, and the waitstaff will bring your meal to any table you choose - there is also outdoor seating for those warmer days.  The menu is simple, but complete.  This review is primarily for lunch and I would highly recommend getting a side salad with your sandwich.  Choose from the Portabello, the Tuna melt (oh my oh my!), or any of the daily specials.  Really, I haven't had a meal there that I didn't love.Of particular note is their iced coffee - is cold pressed so its smooth and delicious.  If you've never tried cold-pressed coffee than a trip to the Daily Cafe should be on your short-list of things to do in the next week, its completely divine.Also, the weekends are brunch only.  Its a price-fixed menu with many delicious offerings.  I have yet to try it personally, but it looks tasty.  I'm just afraid that once I try it, I'll crave it every weekend...
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,11/18/2010,400,884,5,8,6>Yes! We found us some dim sum!Dim sum used to be a regular Sunday morning ritual for us when we lived in our old burg. We'd grab as many family members as possible and head on down to Chinatown. It's one of the things I've truly missed since moving to Portland.A co-worker told me about Wong's King. Excellent dim sum, he said. This Sunday morning, we decided to give it a try.The dining room is surprising large--looking very much like a traditional dim sum place. I was happy to see a small cadre of highly efficient looking cart ladies moving among the tables. Yes! It even smelled like a real dim sum restaurant.Unlike the places we used to patronize in L.A., the service at Wong's King is excellent and the dining room looks very clean. We were swarmed by the cart ladies as soon as we sat down. We got pork buns right away--no wait! We also got egg tarts right when we wanted them. (We have a private joke about egg tarts. When we asked for them at Empress Pavillion once, the grumpy cart lady shouted, "EGG TART COME LATER!" So, we always say that at least once when we go to dim sum.)Every dumpling, bun and shu mai we ordered was better than the last. The char siu was tender and tasty. I really, really like this place, and I'm glad we got there early. The line was out the door when we left.We also wished GF's Chinese momma lived close by. She'd love this place. We'll have to take her when she visits.
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,10/7/2009,113,186,7,9,7>Stopped here to for lunch today with Wes M cause I decided that I couldn't stand another day of cafeteria food and he wasn't feeling soup.Holy cow. I got SO much food for just under $8. I ordered a bento box that came with California rolls, tempura, veggie gyoza (which I didn't wind up eating because there was a ton of food, but Wes says it is good), rice, and salad (which I also didn't eat cause, why would I want lettuce when I had all this other amazing food?!) and it was mega yummy.The miso soup was good. I don't usually care enough about miso to mention it because I really only drink the broth.. but this was good. My California rolls were fresh and the avocado was a good shade of green, which is always important... brownish avocado is bad. The rice was maybe a tiny bit more mushy and less sticky than I typically like my rice, but not bad enough that I want to complain about it. It was fine. The tempura was good, though I wouldn't have minded one more piece of shrimp in it, or maybe a piece of broccoli (I think yam is boring).The service was good, and the place is kind of cute, though not very Japanese looking. Minus points for the Christmas music playing in the background.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,10/5/2009,25,121,9,9,8>Arctic Blast 08 had gotten to me in a big way and I needed an indoor activity aside from tv watching cat petting (and, you know, beer drinking).  So I headed over to the Naked Sheep in search of yarn, needles, and most importantly a book to teach me how to knit.  I expected the woman manning the store to frown upon my attempt to teach myself, and instead force me into a class.  But she was actually incredibly helpful, selecting a book that she thought would be most helpful, and pointing me in the direction of the best yarns for the first project in the book.  Once I had picked the prettiest yarns she selected the right needles and gave me a few warnings (beginners always knit too tight, don't knit too tight!  I did.  I think it looks neater.)  She also invited me to their weekly knitting night to get help on my first project, or just to hangout and meet other knitters and be inspired.  I approve.As far as price and selection I can't comment all that much, as I said, this was my first project.  But they seemed to have a range of yarns, although the store isn't huge.  There's a section of books in the back, including a big section of what appeared to be reference patterns, and a table for perusing said books.  There's a sitting area in front, where they apparently host Thursday knitting nights.  Overall super cozy and friendly.  Even if you can't find your perfect yarn I'm sure you could strike up a conversation about your new favorite design and pick up a new technique or two.
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,10/4/2009,135,161,8,9,8>As far as fried potato-y goodness, I don't know that there is anywhere better to go than Potato Champion. Super crispy, skins left on, salty and delicious! GOSH I love these frites. It's worth braving the cold and wet to sit on those 70's kitsch stumps next to the propane heater to chomp on those puppies. Rosemary truffle oil ketchup? Never in my life had I tasted such a delicious ketchup! I need to go back and try more of the dipping sauces. An order of poutine is also a great treat on a frosty late night food run. The small poutine is big enough to be a meal in itself. If I ever ordered a large I'd probably have to share! I like that the gravy is made from chicken stock! I may even try the vegan poutine just to see how tasty it is.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,10/3/2009,109,170,10,9,13>Portland.  Late morning...maybe the afternoon.  Who could tell?Dark clouds had rolled in early, covering the city in a thick quilt that spoke of the bygone winter, threatening showers.  The gentle springtime breezes of the late morning (...afternoon...?) had given way to a piercing chill - not cold enough to cause a shiver, but bitter enough to force those on the street to fold up their collars and don their hoods.  For Portland, it looked like rain; a familiar enough scenario, but to those taunted by the weekends mild temperament, unwelcome to say the least.And so it was for Thomas W, setting out beneath the overcast skies in an overcast mood.  Figures and statistics and bills jostled to the fore of his attentions, rendering passers-by into vague shadows and wisps of color at the periphery of his vision.  "..." he exhorted, a romanized anime sigh that defied the means of conventional language to express.  Already his stomach had begun to call out to him with vicious, groaning taunts.  Beneath its rainbow of colorful marquees, Portland could be an unforgiving mistress; many were the options for a filling meal, but separating the wheat from the chaff was another matter.How, then, to know where to go?  It couldn't be something ordinary...something known.  No, Tom was ensconced in the humdrum, the routine.  To find a restaurant he had already known would have been folly, subjecting it to the stigma of his gray mood - an unpardonable crime to the self-proclaimed foodie.  Still, dark forces conspired to pull him in comfortable directions, unwilling to allow him the peace of mind to find the respite of familiar surroundings.  Maybe fast food would be the smartest plan?"Right," he grunted to himself in bemused irritation, "just as smart a plan as if I slit my throat to get a breath of fresh air."  Still, for all of his grandstanding, he knew that he had to find something...and fast."...on the Mountain..." He paused, the voice familiar but indistinct.  Pushing his daily tasks from his mind, he focused, listening for the voice to repeat itself."Fire on the Mountain" it said after a lengthy silence, a feminine lilt playfully gliding over each syllable.  Was it a riddle?  A code?"I don't understand," Tom said, fighting hunger as he looked to the sky and shouted, "What is it that you want from me?!"A tap on his shoulder jolted him from his introspections, and he turned on his heels.  There was Julie T., a confused, pitying look in her eyes."Um, we could just go to Fire on the Mountain," she offered with more charity than she cared to give.  "They serve wings and stuff.  Are you ok?""Oh," was all Tom could muster in response.  Nodding his assent, they gathered a small party together and headed to Burnside, their goal now firmly established, rooted in their mututal desire to eradicate their hunger..................................My oddly "Steinbeckian" afternoon aside, Fire on the Mountain was most definitely a treat.  I had heard about this place from zillions since moving to Portland, and never once have I actually opted to try it out.  Now that I have, I can honestly say that I am hooked!  My love for mixing and matching flavor combinations knows no bounds, and the many offerings of buffalo sauces available for your wings and tenders in this hip wing joint are myriad.  Today I had six of their delicious tenders with spicy peanut sauce and a bourbon chipotle that has an amazingly satisfying bite to it!  While I will definitely need to comment in the future about other taste combos, this single pairing alone was more than enough to justify my high score of this amazing restuarant!I also have to give props to the service - quick, friendly and helpful, they were more than kind to me and my clumsy noobishness while ordering.  You can tell they take their jobs seriously, with take-no-prisoners awesome food and a spotless, nearly antiseptic dining room.Had I known just how close this place was to my work, I would have been there ages ago!  Now that I do know, however, I will definitely be going back.  Whether it be fun or food, Portland never ceases to amaze me!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,10/2/2009,171,101,18,16,17>When people ask me questions like, "Where is your favorite restaurant in Portland?", my mind races with images of nice tablecloths and good lighting. I try desperately to comb through the Filofax that i keep in my head of great places to eat here... But the truth is....I don't care about that fancy shiz. There IS a place I think of when someone says that. And it is Bon Appetit. It boggles the mind that i haven't reviewed this place already. Mainly for 2 great reasons:1. it was the VERY first place i ate in Portland a little over a year ago.and2. i am OBSESSED with it.You will know it because it is directly across from Greek Cusina and the doorway is painted bright green. It's a little hole in the wall place with some of the best and most satisfying Greek food in town. It's run by a Greek family who are really cute. Sometimes the teenage sons will be running the register while the mom preps the gyros. They are very excited about food, which is cool, because hey! guess what! me too dude.You may be a bit baffled by the menu via flat screen TV mounted on the wall, but don't be! Embrace this concept with open arms. Be excited as you peer in the glass case of 20 different types of hot sauce. Check out the fresh and flaky Baklava. Haven't had Baklava before? Don't let the word "lava" scare you away. Dooo it!So there is LOTS and LOTS of good cheap foods to get here. But STOP.No seriously. STOP.This is what you want to get. Ready? ok.Chicken Garlic Delightand Hummustrust me on this. Shredded chicken with avocado, pickles, tomato, potato slices and GARLIC!! sauce served up sandwich style on a toasted sesame pita bread. HOLY CRAP. It's sooo good. I made some out of towners try it once, and now they randomly call me up and tell me how much they crave these! ha!I will warn you though. That garlic is noooo joke. Seriously. Your coworkers will HATE you. Your date WILL be having an "early meeting the morning" that he/she will ditch you for. Dracula will go NOWHERE near you zip code anytime soon. But duuuude. It's worth it. All I know is this. My life was changed by the first bite of one of these thingys. This was my first taste of Portland and I remember clearly thinking, "This...is gonna be damn good."
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2009,10/1/2009,107,57,6,7,7>Dear Academy Theater,It was so nice meeting you on Tuesday night!  You were such a great host and had such great choices for our viewing pleasure!  And for you to let two of us in for the price of one was extremely generous.  I will definitely return again on Tuesdays for that deal.  What I liked most was that you were not as busy as some of my other theater friends but were showing the same great movies.  I think you should continue to have that super awesome espresso porter that you had available the other night- so good!  And that popcorn with all of those tasty flavors you had for us; please don't ever get rid of those!    Now I don't mean to offend, seeing that you were so gracious to have such a clean, welcoming building with great deals; but maybe you could think about getting pitchers for your guests.  I only say that because I hated having to get out of that big comfy chair snuggled up warm next to my man watching that great movie you were playing for us just to have to refresh our beers.  Did I mention I'm coming back regardless of the pitcher thing?I wanted to thank you for getting me to come over to a new area to see and explore.  Montavilla is such a great neighborhood and I can't wait to come back and check out some of the area restaurants.  My beau and I thought that biking over to have a visit once the weather gets nice will be the best!Thanks again and I hope to see you soon.Sincerely, Julia L.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2009,9/29/2009,54,54,5,9,9>I was ecstatic to hear about the opening of an Egyptian food cart in Portland.  Having spent time in Cairo, I fell in love with kushari and have been dying to eat it since.  Even in New York City it's difficult to find a place that serves good kushari.  Eager to get my fix, I rushed to the Cart only to find that they did not serve kushari!!! Tragedy!   Luckily I spoke with Kaled and Tarek, who run an impeccable cart, and they told me that they would make some and have it for me on Friday.  A food cart that makes dishes in advance??  Incredible.  That kind of service lands you 5 stars right out of the shoot.To the food I did eat, I had the kofta kabob sandwich, stuffed grape leaves, and some fries.  All were quite good.  The veggies were insanely fresh and complimented the nice schwarma perfectly.  The kofta wasn't seasoned with enough kick, but hey, it's early,give it some time to get out the wrinkles.  I added some hot sauce and it was perfect.  The stuffed grape leaves were flat out delicious.  Good enough to make me trek down to the cart regularly.  Trust me, get these puppies even as a side dish.  Fries were fries. Whaddayaexpect?I cannot wait to go back tomorrow and try the kushari.  I hope El Masry is here for a long time.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/25/2009,9/28/2009,36,82,17,5,6>I live quite close to Sassy's. After a drunken bbq at my house, we decided that going there was a good idea. And actually, it was. That is, if you're already drunk and just want to buy the shyest person you know a lapdance and then try to watch through the curtain without him seeing you. Good times.The strippers were quite impressive with their pole tricks...except for maybe the one that fell on her head. Also, I didn't even see any fake boobs. Their boobs were quite tiny actually.Oh, and the stripper that gave my friend a lapdance...she apologized for being so soft because she just ate a bunch of weed brownies. She then put her vagina in his face...All in all, a good night.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2009,9/27/2009,99,154,6,8,7>To start, any place that makes me long to sit inside on a beautiful and warm evening is doing something right. I mean, chairs hanging from the ceiling allowing you to swing at the table?!* Y-E-S! Unfortunately, I was unable to fulfill my fantasy of dining AND swinging at the same time as the interior was rather crowded. Still, it was a great night to be outside so I cannot complain too much here.We went mainly to grab some drinks with the lady's co-workers. Tuesdays apparently feature $2 beer specials. Not being much of a beer fan myself, I went for the well drinks. Everyone in my party seemed to enjoy their beers, especially the Indian Brown. I did eventually decide to break down and try the fries - a mix of yukon and sweet potatoes with fried leeks and seasoning with a tomato aioli dipping sauce. Pretty good actually, especially the sauce!Service was friendly. Not terribly fast, but not terribly slow either. The price was definitely right - about $40 for our group of 8 or 9 with the tip.  Can't complain there! All in all, a good place to grab a drink with friends (especially on a Tuesday night!)*I made an attempt to use an interrobang here, but Yelp apparently does not support it. C'mon Yelp, since when are we not able to use a nonstandard English-language punctuation mark intended to combine the functions of the question mark (also called the interrogative point) and the exclamation mark or exclamation point (also known as the bang)?
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,9/26/2009,302,646,8,14,14>Shake, baby, shake, you know I can fit you in my arms Brake, baby, brake, taking me in with all your charmsTo celebrate my 500th review, I'm gonna do a throwback to the good ol' mid 90s because hitting 500 reminds me of this song called "500" by this group called Lush (whose lead singer's bright red hair inspired me to do the same to mine back then) and it's fitting because this review is about a bar and well, I'm LUSH myself. I've said this before: I love happy hour. It's one of my favorite activities. This place does happy hour right: many selections for just $5 each. Red or white wines for $5 (or 2 PBRs for $5), certain liquors for $5 and a small but decent bar bites menu. Ended up drinking two glasses of white wine and sampling two plates: the salumi platter (3 types of cured meats--so yummy) and the fried garlic/rosemary potato cubes with a fried egg on top. It was a great spot to have light bar food and chilled wine while seated outside on a HOT day. Service was friendly (amusing, even) and always filled the water glasses. It was a hot day, after all.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,1/3/2010,152,351,20,18,16>"Yeah, yeah, a latte will be fine. But what I really want is for you to come to my house and decorate. ... No?"I don't know what the word Cartola is supposed to mean -- and as someone who frequently invents words (mercatorial, anyone?) that is no basis for objection -- but from now on it's short-hand for this kind of style: Domino magazine + British confirmed bachelor + hunting lodge master uncomfortable with actual hunting + 19th century Danish coffeehouse. Loves it!Oh yeah, the coffee, really tasty little Stumptown goodness. Comfortable chairs inside, and European-style cafe seating on the wide, shady sidewalk. A new favorite to be sure. Maybe they won't notice if I stash some of the objets in my klepto's wetdream purse.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,1/2/2010,53,263,17,22,20>This is really more of an update since we went here before under it's previous incarnation as "Masu East."  See the original review below if you want a refresher or have time to kill....Same sleek interiors, same highly skilled & friendly staff, tweaked menu with MSC certified fish & an apparently delectable Kobe beef burger with caramelized onions on a brioche bun which would be right up my alley if I could pry myself away from the sushi bar.  Truthfully?  It's never going to happen.  We just plop ourselves down at the counter & say, "Omakase onegaishimasu" to chef Brian & each time is just as divine as the last.  We're hopeless sushi addicts so were a bit worried when we moved to PDX, an inland city & entering a 12-step program was out of the question.  Needless to say, after finding Bamboo Sushi née Masu East, we haven't bothered to look for any other sushi in town.  There's no point.  Last night's menu:1. Sea bass carpaccio with minced peppers, chives, & ponzu sauce: strangely no one wanted the half jalapeño pepper/garnish in the center despite multiple avian based dares2. Seared marinated albacore nigiri: Wow!  I may have to take back my snarky comments about wanting to commit polygamy with an entree.... 3. Hoki-poke box (a sushi terrine of sorts): oh-so pretty & scrumptious4. Ama ebi with the crunchiest, fried heads dusted with shichimi togarashi (or nanami togarashi--Japanese 7 flavor chili pepper): who would have ever thought that I would have to fight over fried shrimp heads with Capt Hook?5. The most gorgeous cucumber roll with maguro, scallop, crab, a white fish whose name escapes me (too much Lychee martini but oh so good!), & a dash of ponzu sauce: A picture is worth a thousand words but no matter how gorgeous you are, it won't stop you from getting chomped!  yelp.com/biz_photos/r5aMAll for the tune of $40/person including copious sake & cocktails.See, the problem with writing these reviews is not only the Yelp 10 which is more insidious than the Freshman 10 since your metabolism isn't even remotely in the same ballpark but also the drooling flashbacks.  Aw crap, I want sushi again!*******************Original Review*******************omakase: literally, "I place myself in your hands" or "I leave it to you."even if you're as trusting as a paranoid schizophrenic or think a "palate" is something you sleep on, do it, just once.  from die hard sushi connoisseurs to pristine newbies you'll have one of the best culinary experiences of your life.  i mean who knows better about what's fresh & good that night?  you or the man with the sashimi knife behind the counter?  don't worry if you're a shy retiring flower, belly up to the counter, they'll tease your trepidations out of you & set you up for success.so at the end of the night we feasted on the omakase sashimi dinner (4 pieces each of ocean trout, fluke wrapped around pickled veggies, kanpachi/amberjack--similar in taste to hamachi, maguro/tuna, tako/octopus, uni/sea urchin), spider roll, ring of fire roll (oysters with roasted jalapeño & jalapeño marmalade), scallop, hoki poke (chef Brian's sushi terrine with avocado, maguro, rice & a ponzu sauce--it's not on the current menu but will hopefully grace the new one), a spur of the moment crazy roll made by chef Jason (unagi, avocado, tamago with a kabayaki sauce), and a delectable appetizer of maguro seared with sesame seeds over seaweed & pickled veggies & a shrimp paste sauce).  oh, and they have real wasabi not that colored horseradish paste!and who doesn't want Hello Kitty (blackberry mash cocktail)?  did i mention that the sake is served traditionally in a glass placed in a lacquered masu/wooden square cup to catch the overflow just because they like you?finally for those of you who want to learn about our impact on the environment Masu East will become Bamboo Sushi in the near future.  oh, okay, name change.  actually, they're going to be the first Marine Stewardship Council (sort of a marine version of the Forestry Stewardship Council) certified restaurant in the US which means that their sushi will be sourced from sustainable sources.  we had a great discussion with Kris the owner whose enthusiasm is infectious.  the bottom line is that your dinner will be mega fresh with total accountability--they can tell you to the hour when & where mr. kanpachi came from before he arrived on your plate and that 10 dolphins didn't get dragged across the ocean with him.  not to worry.  this isn't an exercise in brain-washing, just a forum for responsible cuisine & an opportunity to learn more, if you want.  so go belly up to the counter & say, "Omakase onegaishimasu!"
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2008,1/1/2010,426,1757,20,18,18>On rare occasions, I have brilliant ideas... but this wasn't one of them.This is what I was thinking to myself while lying flat on my back after a nasty wipeout.  I was helping my son learn to skate and he pulled me down with him.  I just don't bounce like I used to.  We finally decided to check out the skate park for an indoor family outing after talking about coming here for years.  The kids have been by themselves for school outings.  We used to take the kids to the Oaks Park amusement park, but it is now Boycotted (with a capital B)...  a long story for another day.  This place is actually pretty cool in a time warp kind of way .  The employees were a little gruff on the way in and I can tell you that hoodies are a no-no (sorry Elites).  We went during an afternoon free skate and tickets were $5.75/person.  You pay an additional couple of bucks for your choice of rental skates or roller blades [1].By far, the best part is the people watching.  An older gent with smooth moves who has probably been coming here since the 50s, teen boys doing breakdance skating moves in the center rink, and real skaters racing and whipping around everyone else on their blades.  Of course, lots of lots of beginners hugging the rails for dear life and falling repeatedly.  Some of the other patrons came over and were giving impromptu lessons to the boys ("walk like a duck, son.")Aside from the bruises and whiplash, which I'm still enjoying days later, it was a fun outing.  It really is a classic rink that has seen a lot of history, which makes me a fan. Not many places where you can do the chicken dance or hokey pokey to a live Wurlitzer organ.  My kids' favorite was the wave rink with little hills in the back and we all had fun trying something old, new, borrowed and now we are (black and) blue.[1] Mr. K recommends you bring your own blades unless you want to use a nice sweaty pair recently returned by another patron.  Yuck!
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,12/31/2009,148,236,21,14,18>Canada does a few things VERY well:- Strippers- Oil production- PoutineWith Potato Champion on board, PDX has got 2 out of 3 on our northern neighbors.  Not bad, Portland.... not bad.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,12/28/2009,171,101,19,14,10>Ok, so I looked it up. The word Artisan refers to a crafts-person.In fact, THE crafts-person behind the bread. The magic maker. The grand teton of bread. Mixing the ingredients with love and care. No one can stop the artisan and their bread lovin' ways.It (it being wikipedia, of course) however does NOT mention the absentminded barista who gave away my vanilla latte to a person who ordered one WAAAY after me, forcing me to wait for another one to come around the horn, oh...12 minutes later. 12 minutes of standing and smelling coffee that I wanted in my belly. 12 minutes to plot the death of the woman now sipping MY vanilla latte as I watch her get foam on her face. 12 minutes to stare at cute bowls of sugar cubes, until they no longer appear cute, but rather a possible weapon to fling at the faux-introspective people sitting and discussing the plot for Benjamin Button. To be fair. I've been a barista. Mistakes happen. It's not her fault. She WAS super busy and yadayadayada. I forgive her. I forgive Ken, the artisian of bread as well, because he provided a lot of really yummy smells and pretty pastries for me to look at while I waited. Do I forgive the vanilla latte thief in question, with their foamy foamy face?.... Oh heeeeeell naw. I have tried Ken's bread and found it to be VERY very dangerously good. Seriously. Bring your friends who are on low carb diets and watch their heads explode and their bread-less brains come shooting out of their bread-less heads. It will be soooo funny. For you. Not so much them. Mwhaha. I was doubtful about our boy, Ken. I won't lie. But Ok. OKAAAY, Ken. You win.I'll refer to you as an artisan. Now and forever. Because damn. Strawberry tarts? Only in my wildest of wild wild strawberry dreams, would dessert be that yummy. Wow. But still...can you just do something about my latte thief? I bet my thief is just chillin somewhere laughing into a hearty cup of someone elses drink, dining with the Hamburglar and that dude from the Cookie Crisp commercial. You know the one. Come on, Ken! Let's hunt them down together! Artisan style.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,12/27/2009,73,142,9,10,8>Brandon is right about the Americano - I always get it AJ style!  It is good!  I put honey in my coffee and when they ask for room for cream it's used up for the honey I put in.   Now, I'm not a coffee aficionado, so I don't know if it's 'wrong' to put honey in or not, but honey is better for you than sugar, I think.It's nice to sit out side on one of their tables and watch the park on a weekend.  During the week days it's a little too noisy because of the auto detailing shop sharing the building.  Free Wi-Fi and two computer stations to use, I think they are like $.50 per hour or less.  Lots of local organizations and things are allowed to put up posters or drop fliers on the counter.They have vegan muffins now for $1.95, which I haven't tried.Minus one star for having Charlie FM playing poppy music and no newspaper to read.Here's a sample of the music they should be playing:I like my honey with coffee and creamGot to keep it (the cappuccino machine) going keep it going full steamToo sweet to be sour too nice to be mean
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,12/26/2009,74,37,7,8,7>This store exposes how selfish/self-centered/what a reasonably-priced jewelry whore I can be.I've been in here looking for gifts for nearly everyone I know and always have to start with oooing and awwwwing over the jewelry that I want. It's like a freaking magnet. Forgive me, but I can't even force myself to look at the stuff towards the front of the store--if I linger there, it's all for show and my heart isn't really in it. It's a must to do a few parades around the jewelry case, hovering at different heights and inching around on my knees to get a look in every nook and cranny. Some of it is like real-life, hands-on etsy-action what with the excellent and eclectic spread of local, handmade goodies.After I've satisfied some of my more shallow needs, I can usually get down to the biznass of shopping for others. This place is jam-packed with umm...presents. T-shirts, bags, books, baby things, toys for grown ups (no, not that kind), clever cards, and oh yeah, did I mention jewelry?
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,12/25/2009,135,161,8,9,8>I used to work in one of the adjacent shops at this little strip mall. It's a bit of a hidden destination; you can see it clearly from highway 26 but ask most people and they'd have no idea how to get there. If you do find yourself over here, and you're in the mood for some good, fresh Japanese and Korean food from a family-run restaurant, this is your place. As far as yakisoba goes, the stuff you'll get here is pretty tops in my books. Lots of veggies, flavorful noodles, and not runny or water-y like it is some places. I personally love getting shrimp or tofu in my yakisoba. They've got tons of other things on the menu, all for reasonable prices. I've enjoyed the Chicken teriyaki and Tofu plates before. They've also got a few sushi roll options (ok, well for sure they've got California rolls! That they make fresh!), and hot and tasty crab rangoon and spring rolls. Seriously, I got so spoiled working next door. It was always a bummer when I couldn't come pick up lunch here because they're closed weekends (or for sure at least Sunday) and sometimes close up early to have family gatherings. They often have their sons working the counter or hanging out practicing their instruments in the front. I've been eating here for over 3 years, and I always try and stop by when I'm in the area. In fact, I get a little grumpy if I can't stop in. IT'S SO GOOD!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2009,12/24/2009,80,286,13,9,10>"You got a pimp hat and a cane?""No""Cause my friend here needs a pimp hat and a cane for the dance""Um. No."...Snickers, exit...This was some of the local flavor of Tux in Gresham when ZF and I were there trying on wedding regalia. I use 'were' in the magnanimous sense, however I was not trying anything on. Tux is an offshoot of Men's Wearhouse and in this instance is across the parking lot from the MW and staffed by a solitary high school girl with multicolored hair. Fortunately, she knew her inventory and answered all my questions easily. We did some matchy match, we did some fitty fit and she let me take pictures outside so I could see all the wool/poly blend in the real light. And the price is right here, for the 'lightweight' tux complete with shoes (and pimp cane) it was like $170, and we can change our mind, specifically my mind, up to 2 weeks prior with no problems.As hard as it is for me to take men's fashion advice from a high school girl, I was impressed and happy with our choices.. plum tux, ivory cumberbund and shoes, shirtless. Ha!
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,12/23/2009,36,146,10,15,12>One of the best dirty martinis I've had in a long while.  Seriously.This is a total dive bar.  It looks a lot like the Masonic lodge in my home town: short, squat, gray and windowless.  The inside is pretty big.  We were able to seat a party of eight on a Friday night w/no problems.Back to the martini:My martini glass was filled with ice water while she made the other drinks in our party.  She dumped that out, poured a tiny amount of vermouth in, swirled it, then dumped that out.  Then Grey Goose shaken w/ice and olive juice poured through a strainer (no ice!) into the cold vermouthy glass.  Add 3 olives on a pick and I had a full, large, tasty Dirty Martini.She didn't hold back on alcohol for any of our drinks.  Needless to say we were all quite happy by the time we left for action elsewhere.It may not look like much from the outside, but the Sandy Hut is home to some great drinks.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,10/23/2011,138,174,5,13,8>This was certainly a great find after a day of hiking in the Gorge.  My friend and I were in the mood for some good steaks and Yelp led us here.The running theme of the other reviews is that this place is expensive and overpriced.  It certainly doesn't help things when Yelp lists this as $$ instead of $$$ and the restaurant's website doesn't contain prices.  Just so there are no surprises, be prepared to pay what you would at an upscale restaurant downtown.I happened to luck out.  I went here the Sunday before July 4th and they had what I would describe as a "Backyard BBQ Buffet" with scalloped potatoes, beans and bacon, salad (egg salad and regular), and a discounted entree all for $22.  I got the Filet Mignon and for the price and quality, I'd say it was a good deal.  To top it off, they had a live band, the "Belltones Quartet", playing some sweet jazz music out on the large outdoor patio.  The service was wonderful and I'd say the only thing missing was a view of the river.  Finally, a word of warning to people sensitive to cigarette smoke: the smoking ban doesn't apply to the patio area and there's no shortage of patrons eager to light-up.Food: 5Service: 5Ambiance: 4Value: 3TL;DR: Great food, but pricey when they're not doing their specials
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,10/22/2011,64,120,11,11,11>I still remember seeing my first video game. No, it was not Space Invaders. It was called Death Race. It was a third-person, black and white driving game where you ran over erratic pedestrians and each successful hit produced a tombstone, which then doubled as an obstacle. Talented players would leave a Boot Hill's worth of scattered cenotaphs. My older brother was pretty good at it. I could barely even run one of the clearly-lacking-in-personal-safety-awareness "victims" over. Cut me some slack...I was 7. The point to all of this is that I've pretty much grown up in the video game era. I spent quite a few hours and allowances kung-fuing or fireballing some horde of cretins or other...you just don't have the time to remember their names when you're doing all you can just to SURVIVE, okay? If you'd been there, you'd know the horror I've witnessed.FFWD to adulthood. Home videogaming has taken over. The gameplay and graphics evolve continuously. The controls have become more complicated than a Formula 1 cockpit. (quick aside...I think if I ever opened an arcade, I would name it "The Cockpit". Concise.) Gone are the days when you controlled a little dude with a joystick and a jump button. No, it's about strafing, high-powered rifle scopes and quick weapon changes. I'm just going to come out and say it...they're too complicated for me. I get button dyslexia and end up crouching in a corner, dropping live grenades around myself like a broken strand of explosive pearls. What I need is simplicity. Classic arcade games provide this. Enter Ground Kontrol. Rock 'n roll arcade for adults. It's like a time machine, except with beer and the occasional woman. I scoped it out and found some old friends. Tempest was always a favorite, as was Discs of Tron (regular Tron is for neo-maxi zoom dweebies). I wish they had Kung-Fu Master, Elevator Action or Gyruss but such is life. They do have a console version of Smash TV which I was pretty excited about. Have you ever played it? Then you would know that it is an ironman marathon of carnage for your thumbs. I could have used some help, you know. Thanks a bunch. No, don't get up. That couch won't sweat itself through.The pinball selection is pretty sweet, as well. I got some LOTR time, even winning (though not EARNING) a free game. I never know where the ball is going or what the next objective is but it's fun, nonetheless. I think I killed the Witch King or some other Mordor asshole once. Always ucking up my shi, I swear. Probably Ground Kontrol's most compelling virtue is that I can go into it without automatically feeling like a creepy loser man-boy. No, it almost feels, I don't know, kinda cool? Something approaching that, anyway. Best after 5pm when they start serving up the suds.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,10/21/2011,342,431,6,13,13>I've been dreaming about coming here since I started yelping a few years back.  One thing that is very consistent in previous reviews is the wait. The wait can be crazy because of the extremely limited seating.  WIth that in mind, my alarm went off at 6:45 am today, just so the wife and I could trot over and try out these awesome biscuits. We got here about 7:15am, and we were able to find a spot to sit.  We both orderd the Reggie Deluxe.  I looked at this lil biscuit stacked with fried chicken, cheese, egg, bacon, and gravy and thought to myself.....is this gonna be enough to fill me up?   Helllll yeah it was.  How?? I dunno...but it not only filled me up, but the combnation of flavors were outstanding.  I asked my wife, "So....How do you like it?"  She replies..."It's like a little party in my mouth!!"  I have to agree.  Biscuit- Fluffy, buttery, flaky, and tasted how a biscuit should every time.Egg- Cooked over medium so that the yolk was still a factor in the dishBacon- THICK, tasty, and cooked enough to have the crunch I love.Cheese- It was oozing down the sides and complemented the dish very well.Sausage Gravy- VERY flavorful....perhaps one of the best gravys i've had to date at a restaurant.Fried Chicken- Tender, moist, easy enough to cut through with a butter knifeThe 15 minute drive was well worth it.  The $8 a plate? Yeah....ok....you can charge $8 for it....you did this dish well....VERY well.I want to come back and try the biscuits and gravy.  Considering how much I enjoyed the gravy, and how good the biscuits were, it has to be a winner.
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,10/20/2011,320,479,18,18,24>Traditionally, Kava in some cultures of Oceania, such as Tonga it is only available to the men-folk and was served to them by young, typically single, probably the hottest women they can find (en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ka).  Ok, men lazing about while having a hottie serve them?  Sounds about right no matter what culture you are talking about...Fast forward across the globe to S.E. Division Street, Portland, OR:  At Bula Kava House, there is a hot dude serving up the Kava Beverages to a mixed crew that includes we lady-folk.  Oh yes, we ladies shamelessly threw back coconut shell after coconut shell FULL of the man-drink.This was my first foray into the taboo Kava world.  The Kava is served in a communal bowl at the table.  Scoop two nice big servings into your coconut shell, do not be alarmed at the way it smells:  it smells just like dirt.  Clap once to ward off evil spirits (so I'm told) chug it down all at once.  Clap twice after finishing (so I'm told).  I missed the intro and this is what my fellow Yeeps told me to do...This is not a delicate sipping drink.  It tastes like dirt too.  So do you really want to prolong the taste by sipping it?  The weird thing is that I really liked the aftertaste as that did not taste like dirt.  It had a metallic, tangy, un certain je ne sais quoi that I really enjoyed.  I tossed back several coconut shells and I got Kava drunk.The Kava euphoria reminded me of being a little stoned (yes, I inhaled years ago).  I became a part of the furniture and blessed-be, everything was beautiful.  If those silly Tonga men were half smart, they would give it to their women.  Our crew parted ways much happier, much more relaxed and some of us headed off to the D. Street Noshery for some foodie goodness.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2011,10/19/2011,107,287,18,14,14>Did someone once tell you that "size doesn't matter"? They lied. The truth is that it does and bigger is better. Shut Up and Eat has size, 10 solid inches of it. The Meatball Sub is a massive bit of sandwich, dripping with sauce and cheese and everything else that makes you crave a big, juicy, piece of meat.  The Pan Fried Chicken Cutlet was so thick that I debated my ability to eat it. I'm sure there are others out there that won't struggle with it's girth. Originally I thought that the Cutlet (classic style) was not as fantastic as the Meatball Sub BUT I had half of it for leftovers a few hours later and discovered that it is awesome. Trust me, give it an hour in your fridge and time for the fried action to get soaked up into the bread and it turns out mind-blowing.Next time (if I can pull myself away from the Meatball Sub) I'll be checking out their second cart to see about having a Hoagie. But I don't just like Shut Up and Eat for what's on the outside (but the outside is mighty fine) the inside counts too. The guys that work there are awesome. And kindly didn't tell me to Shut Up and Eat when I stood there starting at their menu indecisively for 10 minutes. And here's a secret for you, if you're a Pigs supporter out there tell them and they'll drop a dollar off your bill. (Go Pigs!). Evander Holyfield once said "It is not the size of a man but the size of his heart that matters" (ironic coming from a man his size, but whatever). Shut Up and Eat has more heart than it knows what to do with
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,10/18/2011,240,523,10,14,13>Biwa has yet to fail me on the quality of the food they serve and the way they treat you once you enter the door. You may have to wait at times but for a place that does not take reservations, it is relatively not that bad. Ofcourse, granted that you will not demand a set by 630 on a weeknight or 7 on a weekend.  Tough luck there. And if you're smart, you'll know why. If not, call Oprah. The Yakitori selection is good. Chicken butt? Chicken liver? Hanger Steaks? Shiitake mushrooms? Garlic? What else is there? It's fun trying all of them. Oh, last night's special was CHICKEN SKINS! I know, it is terribly not good for you. If taken in moderation, it's delectable. Crunchy and hot. Just like pork rinds only less puffy and fatty. The ramen is plain but delicious. I still can't stop comparing it to Yuzu or Toshi. Their's has lesser flavor. Much simpler approach to their ramen.
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,10/17/2011,536,632,6,10,6>My last meal on earth may have to be updated to Can Chu Hi (as many as I can get), asparagus with miso butter, calamari salad, and the eggplant. All are divine and worthy of a meal before you meet your fate.Of course, this isn't all that Miho has to offer, I could spend hours indulging in everything delicious on their menu. But those are the must haves, the dishes that keep me up at night wishing I could be eating them.The atmosphere is fabulous, and I love sitting out on the patio, sipping my Japanese Zima.Go for the food, the drinks, the atmosphere, and to kick it with Michael.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,10/16/2011,55,116,8,15,6>I have a cat that I truly love. His name is Coda. He's a long hair black cat. My wife and I went to the Humane Society on Black Friday of 2008 and they were having a special on black cats.He's my dude. He really likes climbing "the bridge" (i.e. my legs when I have my feet on the coffee table) and laying on my lap.He had an out-of-control hair problem... so much so that his belly hair was touching the ground."Oh, he's a FAT CAT!" my friends would remark."I assure you, he really isn't - he just has a ton of hair!" I kept on pleading.After doing some research, I decided on taking him to Cats in the City to get a haircut. This was my first experience with getting one of my cat's hair cut... so I was a bit nervous. So was Coda with his constant mewing across town.When we arrived and we let Coda out of the crate, Rachel was so natural with him. She made sure he was comfortable with her and then got to work. Sure, a hair cut isn't the most pleasant experience for a cat... but I could tell that Coda felt more-or-less at ease with Rachel. She offered compliments to him while she was doing her magic which seemed to really help.When she was done with his cut and bath, I could hardly recognize the guy! What was once a furry disaster with some dreadlocks in his chest area was now a neatly shaved beautiful trim and athletic-looking cat!Coda looks so good that our other cat seems to think we're introducing an entirely new cat into the family. He doesn't even recognize his roomie! Secretly, I just think he's jealous.tl;dr version: Rachel was wonderful. I'm so glad this was our first experience with getting our cat's hair cut. And I'm glad that when it's time for another cat hair cut, we won't have to look anywhere else but here.Highly recommended!
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,10/15/2011,158,216,8,15,9>So the four check ins is actually low, I'm here all the time, I guess I'm too excited to remember to check in. We've had a variety of things on the menu and I've never been disappointed. I dunno where this "crappy service" thing comes from. I personally do not want my food to come out 10 min after I order it, that's a kitchen that's not making things fresh. We always seem to have the same server, he's friendly and always pleasant. He now leaves a pitcher of water on the table for me cause I'm a water monster. He also always brings me extra guava candy cause it's my favorite. We had a different guy last night, but still fine. perhaps it's not the servers..Last night we tried new stuff plus the mabo tofu cause it's just such an incredible dish. So I'll break it down like this:Things that are good: dan dan noodles - they are good..if you haven't had the real thing, we've had them twice and prefer the sesame noodles. Clear spicy noodles: good..spicy..chewy Guinness ribs*this is a good alternative for those that want to enjoy your company but cannot take they spice- it's sweet..and braised till it falls apart. They are proper. best description is meat candy. The cumin beef: the aroma is cumin the flavor is just holy hell spicy. The chinese celery is really yum though. word to the wise, this is possibly the spicest thing other that the pepper bath stuff. Exceptionally good things:Sesame noodles: we get them a lot. sweet spicy tangy with excellent noodles. simple and delicious, spicy but not overly so. seafood pancake: my preference was when it was closer to korean style and not japanese style. sometimes it's better than other times but the flavors are very nice. *also a great none spicy option. kung pao tofu - the chicken is fine, we've had both but for an exceptional flavor and texture opt for the tofu..i'm totally a carnivore but I will get this dish over and over again. jaotze- either in clear broth or spicy either way it's the most amazing flavor in bite size. mabo tofu - this is the way I've always said it, there's variations on spelling, either way. this is our favorite dish. soft silken tofu tasty ground pork gravy under a heavy layer of schezuan pepper corn. There's so much depth in this dish. first you might taste a heavy tomato flavor the more you taste it the more the flavors change. the heat is nicely balance. don't get me wrong it'll knock your socks off. Spicy pork noodles: it's a huge bowl, if you don't want to share it's a meal and a half. for two people you'll be taking it home. Orange chicken..I know..such a guailo dish. but don't think of it like that. the chicken is flavorful in a totally unique way. it's kind of like orange chocolate..but chicken. there's a bitterness from rind, it's just an awesome dish. also great for the kiddies non spicy. I am not sure where this whole it's too salty thing comes from. I've been there at least 10 times now and I've never experienced this. perhaps you are super tasters perhaps you need rice. besides that I'm not sure how you're tasting salt when the first thing you should be tasting after spicy is the sweet beer to stop the spicy. To each their own, more room for me and my chili heads friends.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,10/14/2011,184,178,8,9,7>Little Bird gives new meaning to the phrase "put a bird on it" as they feature a strategic assortment of birds inside the dining room. Do you like pretty birds? They have them. Fake birds? Yup those too. Paintings of birds? They'll stare down your dinner. Giving the bird? Well only if service is bad. I was most eager to visit this restaurant because of Le Pigeon the bird who stole my heart but mostly I was just tired of reading about its glory from other Yelpers. I'd like to note that the beverage list is extremely well organized not only by type but by continuity of your meal. Start with an aperitif, followed by a few glasses of vino and end it with a digestive of tawny port. Of course the wine list is met by the French theme with 90% featured from France and the remaining from the US. There are enough glass options to satisfy most and the prices are reasonable for this class of restaurant. However if you aren't familiar with French wines you may have a tough time selecting a bottle. In my typical form I brought my own, a Burgundian style Pinot Noir from VX Winery which was greeted by a $20 corkage fee. With our red opening up we selected two white blends to pair with our mussels and green garlic appetizer which was accompanied by lemon fries. The mussels were moist and flavorful with a balance of garlic, onion and herbs. At first the lemon fries sounded kind of pedestrian but really their zest accentuated the seasoning nicely, still we preferred bread to soak up the remaining broth.  The wine that intrigued me was the "Edelzwicker" which is specially made for them by Chehalem Winery. This blended wine was acidic and tart right up front but was followed by great fruit intensity which paired nicely with the sharpness of the broth. Next came our entrees where I did something I never do, I ordered the chicken. It's as if they were challenging me amongst the more fancy options or maybe it was all the bird remarks affecting my subconscious, because I accepted! First my gf was greeted by a fresh filet of sockeye with grilled peaches and Zinfandel syrup. The fish was cooked med-rare which delivered a tender blow almost dissolving in your mouth. Mixing this delicate bite with a combination of mildly sweet caramelized peach and tart glaze made for a wonderful combination. There I sat as a roasted thigh and leg were presented on a bed of savory julienne chive potatoes with a rich goat cheese vinaigrette coating the perimeter. The flesh had the perfect density against the crisp skin and an incredible flavor. I fought with the idea that the seasoning could be so perfect yet only be salt and pepper. The potatoes were rich but still offered some texture while the vinaigrette tied everything together. Afterwards I sat defeated all it took was a swift slap by a Frenchman's white glove! I guess I should have known better than to question anything on the menu. I now give these chefs my trust, if in their hands and placed on the menu it's for a reason. Throughout the meal our service was A+ and the restaurant was far from empty, with the check our waitress brought us the final treat mini basil infused macaroons that lent a pleasant palate cleansing goodbye. My experience was certainly worthy of 5 stars but that may be a bit of a culinary sin for chicken. Come to Little Bird where they will inject some creative fusion with classic French cooking elevating your dining experience with a refinement all its own and while you will pay well to eat here you will be rewarded with a magnificent meal in return.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2007,4/8/2008,90,39,7,6,6>I like things that are cheap, within bike riding distance from my apartment, and associated with beer; the Laurelhurst Theater qualifies in all three categories.The Laurelhurst is a four screen multiplex that shows movies several weeks or months after their initial release date along with one older movie that fits with the theme of the month.Admission is only $3 (!) for all shows, all of the time.  You have to be 21+ to get in, except on weekends when you can go to any show before 4p if you are accompanied by someone of age.  Children 12 and under are only $1.Along with the standard concessions such as popcorn and candy, the Laurelhurst also sells pizza and beer.  Hooray beer!  Of course no business is allowed to operate unless Pabst Blue Ribbon is on tap, but they also serve local microbrews (by the pitcher or glass) and wine.Inside the actual theatres, several rows of chairs have been removed and replaced with tables so you have a place to rest your adult beverages.I cannot give the Laurelhurst five stars because although the sound system is good (much better than the Bagdad's), I have been spoiled by the larger screens and stadium seating of the big chains.  That being said, I will almost always not see a movie when it first comes out so that I can wait and see it at the Laurelhurst.Now if only they would let me pause the movie while I head to lobby for another beer...
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,4/7/2008,1,63,5,17,10>I have to admit, it's not the most exciting tour out there...well, are there exciting tours? I tend to avoid them, but I was doing a paper on local hauntings and figured this would make for excellent source material, and that maybe my instructor would give me an "A" for shelling $8 out. It lasts an hour and a half and is perfectly eerie, with the right blend of darkness, dereliction, and abandonment you would expect of a haunt. No ghosts showed up for me, alas, but then I never get that supernatural satisfaction, anyway.The tour guide is very informative and entertaining, narrating along the route underneath Old Town of the tragedy, debauchery, and peril that befell the poor souls who just wanted to come in for a bit of boozing and whoring as they came down from the logging camps. To be snatched up by goons and consigned to slave labor aboard ships, often never to be seen or heard from again. If I were a ghost, I'd totally move in here, and not even bother scaring the crap out of you as I shed my silent formless tears over the evils of mortals.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2008,4/6/2008,5,10,3,6,7>So I have to say that Everett St definitely gets a nod in I will be going back there due to the ridiculous amount of delicious food they offer.I settled and seriously folks settled on Clam Chowder soup and a just kick yah in the mouth taste extravaganza of the Wild Mushroom Gnocchi... absolutely loved it.The waiter was nice, food was prepared rather expeditiously and most of all (this is a big point) they did not just nail me with all the courses...I was able to enjoy some hot chocolate , nosh on some bread, savor the clams with my soup, and then comfortably ravage my Gnocchi.Really can't wait to just go "Kobayashi" on the cheeses they offer, between that and some of the other items on the menu... I give this one a big go check out recommendation.  But if you read my yelps you will probably notice that I celebrate all types of fare, so do make note that I am biased to be in love with just about every spot I visit.Happy hunting kids.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/5/2008,73,142,2,11,8>I volunteer here sometimes and I've heard about some of the changes that are going on at the Hollywood.An architect has been hired to create a master plan for renovation of the theatre, which should be completed soon.  They've also created a mock up of an original chandelier.  Its made out of foam core in the main theater on the right side, it was scaled from old photos .Prices will be increased by 50 cents beginning April 4th.Soon they will be getting a water dispenser that will be free and will probably have a donation box for cups.They are also working on the box office to sell tickets out of for shows at the theater and for other events around Portland.Other cool things about volunteering there:A free movie pass every time you work there, a free bag of popcorn whenever you see a movie and/or one to take with you at the end of your shift.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2007,4/4/2008,40,144,5,3,3>I went here for a performance of "MORTIFIED!" (which was fantastic), the lounge itself is a cool area. I really like the small loft area upstairs -- a great place to snag if you have a larger group of people and you don't want to lose everyone in the crowd. Drink prices were also reasonable (bottle beer = somewhere around 3.50), but I didn't try any food. One weird note: the bathrooms in this place are trying to stick with the trendy stripped down facade -- but the thing is, the way you lock the stall involved a highly coordinated sliding of loose metal pole through drilled hole, and honestly, at the beginning of the night (when everyone was sober) it was a little hard to work, so I could only imagine the scene later in the evening. Another note -- since this is in the old town area and not too close to other big draws, it's not too hard to find free parking on the street, and it's in fareless square!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2008,4/3/2008,14,28,3,4,5>Hmmm, did Le Happy steal my family recipe? This place makes me proudly declare that I am (mostly) French! A nice selection of savory crepes made with the oh-so-essential buckwheat, and a lengthy list of delectable sweet crepes. Good service, funky decorations and hip atmosphere, but the loud music left me with a sore throat and a full bladder (from constantly drinking water in an effort to counteract trying to yell over the speakers). At least I always had a full glass! Trust the French, we know our crepes. Maybe we're just not conversationalists?
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2008,4/2/2008,152,351,9,8,12>Guys don't make passesAt girls who wear glasses.So the saying goes.  Its composer has obviously never been to Portland. Every one of our favorite styles, from PBR hipster to comics geek to va-voom librarian requires spectacles.Find your next pair at Hub Optix. They have a wide array of frames, many not found elsewhere. The staff are knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful.If you're used to buying glasses like lollipops at one of the mall warehouses, then you may be in for a little sticker shock, but the quality is worth it. And the passes are worth it too.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2008,4/1/2008,258,331,6,6,6>Flavors, folks.  It's an art form.  And textures.  You smokers have no clue what you are missing.  It's almost worth quitting smoking and getting your taste buds back to experience this brilliant food.  Yes, the portions are small and a little pricey. This is how people are supposed to eat.Mmmmmm....Carlton Farms pork loin skewers marinated in coconut milk and turmeric, grilled over charcoal and served with peanut sauce, cucumber relish and grilled bread. Coconut rice. Thai iced tea with lime juice, a refreshing alternative to the milky sweet version at other Thai joints.  Ike's Vietnamese chicken wings:  My God.  I had to close my eyes while chewing.  I ate each wing slower than the last.  You will want to lick and nibble every morsel of chicken off of each wing, and then you will want to caress each leftover bone.  If I hadn't had a dinner companion with me I would have taken home the bones, and placed them in a lighted, sealed case on a gold platter, next to my bed.  So that before I closed my eyes at night and when I opened them in the morning I would be gently reminded of the true heaven which is Pok Pok chicken wings.A couple of very minor complaints: the giganto gas-furnace-heater-thing mounted in the middle of our outside table.  What a beast.  There's gotta be a better way to accomplish outdoor heat. And two: confusion and weird layout.  What's the Whiskey Lounge?  The inside part?  The upstairs part?  And which part is Pok Pok?  Then the website calls one area "Shack".  Huh?  And they have different menus?  Not sure what the hell's going on with all this, but back to the wings.......
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2008,3/31/2008,34,51,1,8,5>I've been happily volunteering for the CAT Adoption Team for almost two years now, and I'm honored to write their very first review! CAT was founded in 1998 by Evan Kalik as a haven for our community's sick, injured, and abandoned cats and kittens. Since then, over 14,000 kitties have been adopted through their main shelter and the outreach locations in PetSmart, Petco, and several locations in the Portland Metro area. In 2007 alone: .3,129 cats and kittens found new loving homes .2,571 cats and kittens were spayed or neutered in CAT's full service hospital .1,302 kittens lovingly cared for by foster volunteers .380 active volunteers donated over 105,000 hours of time .2,142 felines transferred to CAT's care from shelters and veterinary clinics in Portland .1 year supply of cat food donated to feed cats/kittens at the shelter .698 cats and kittens found homes through CAT's 9 adoption outreach locations across Portland .10,000 pounds of pet food distributed to shelters, rescue agencies, and pet owners of Vernonia I am so grateful to play just a small part in this well-run organization -it's truly inspiring to see so many different people working together to help cats live happier, healthier lives. I should mention that in addition to volunteering, I also adopted a cat from CAT two years ago, and she is the best! A great companion who makes me laugh on a daily basis.So get yourself to the main shelter in Sherwood  (it's just off Tualatin-Sherwood road) or visit one of the outreach locations to check it out. You may just find a new furry "boyfriend" or "girlfriend"!
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2008,3/30/2008,24,17,7,9,6>Odd though it may be, Dayton, Ohio has a lot of Indian cuisine.  In fact, almost every place I've rented in Dayton has been within walking distance of some mom-and-pop Indian restaurant.  Moving to Portland, though, at first I saw only Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese, even Tibetan.  MAN was I happily surprised upon coming up to NW to find that Swagat was good, cheap, and well within walking distance.Their Mutter Paneer is awesome, especially when it comes out with all the side dishes provided with the dinner portions.  Decent nan.  Great mango lassi.  The lunch buffet is a great deal too - highly recommended for any spendthrift veggies out there, as the majority of the options are meat-free.  The service is prompt and attentive.  And hey, the building is ten feet from the streetcar line.Thanks, Swagat.  You're no Amar India, but you'll do JUST fine.  :oP
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2008,1/11/2009,457,244,26,24,23>Dave's Killer Bread is aptly named...it is made by Dave and Dave certainly makes some killer bread.  Now as for the rumors of Dave himself being a stone cold crazy eyed killer?  A little more myth then truth.  Yes, Dave has done some hard time but his deliciously thick bread is the only thing that should be charged with a capital offense, as it pulls a one-eight-seven on the other mother f'ing bake shops..Dave's story is one of deliverance from drug addiction, violence, depression and jail ...and the redemption he has found through his all natural, hearty breads.  I'm all for redemption, especially when it leads to such a great selection of whole wheat breads, chock full of nuts, grains and healthy goodness.  This bread is THICK like thieves and the perfect choice for a little homemade grilled cheese goodness as the seeds and nuts take on a fantastic toasted flavor when grilled. In fact, Dave's bread can be attributed to the rediscovery and resurgence of weekly gourmet grilled cheese sandwich creations.Finding ourselves running low on bread, the Tall Leggy One and I stopped off at Dave's Killer Bread's Milwaukie bakery outlet over the weekend to pick up a couple of fresh loafs and make use of our buy one get one free coupon.  Dave didn't happen to be there that day (Dave?  Dave's not here man!) but his roommate was.  Come to find out, not only do they currently share a place, but they also shared a cell in the big house...as well as an enthusiasm for bread and music.  The enthusiasm for the later was put on display as before we left with our plunder of great freshly baked bread, we were also treated to some gee-tar playing, singing and a little white man's beat boxing, from Dave's very talented roommate (note: this final statement is not being said under duress or the fear of getting shived in the yard).Go to Dave's Killer Bread, go directly to Dave's Killer Bread...do not pass go, do not collect $200.00, but make sure to get some tasty bread, try a few samples, hear some stories, and if you're lucky enough, you might get an impromptu concert of some hard time bakery blues ...
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2008,1/10/2009,14,15,33,40,44>Well.  So far almost everyone is copping to the mere XL side of normal fashion or were fat in days of long ago, like when hobbits roamed the earth.Whereas I am fat right this minute.  I AM A SIZE 18/20.  Holy balls!And you know, I denied it for years. Single-digit sizes were just around the corner.  Someday I'd stop eating and take up more exciting hobbies, like starving.  Etc.  Well, obviously, that never happened.  So I had a choice: wear cheap shapeless shit and sit in a corner, or dress well and go LIVE.  I chose the latter.  And since moving to Portland, Savvy Plus is the one business that has helped me most in my mission.  They buy and sell great clothes in tip-top condition from high quality lines.  My last trip, I spent roughly $70 and walked away with four fabulous skirts, any one of which could have originally retailed for that much or more.  Then there is owner, Gaya.  She used to be a Savvy Plus customer, and immediately after 9/11, when it was about to go under, she chose to buy it despite never having owned a business before.  What moxie!  She is so beautiful, so well dressed, so confident -- and she and her wonderful staff do everything in their power to impart that sense of style and worth to every last person who walks through their door.  So look, if you're fat and you don't want to be, by all means try in a healthy, sane fashion to change that.  But in the meantime, you have living to do.  Life is just too damn short to wear ugly clothes.  You deserve to be beautiful right this minute.  Savvy Plus is the most affordable and most happy place I know to go do just that.  So go!
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,1/9/2009,20,21,12,14,13>I look good. I mean really good. So much so in fact that I'd really love to yell at everyone to come and see how good I look. (Just watched Anchorman for the 63rd time last night, sorry.) But honestly, I really love my hair. I don't happen to think that my hair is easy to cut either. Besides that I happen to be a cut-o-phobe. But my experience at Grace was nothing short of rocktacular. That's right, a new, mashed up word is made for Grace Hair Salon.I made my appointment on Friday around noon and was able to get in for a cut & color the next day at 1230. Very nice, I thought to myself. During the next 24 hours I obsessed about how I wanted my haircut, short...long...in between...layers...bangs! Ah! I was scared. But the second I sat down in Patrick's chair and he started talking to me my mind was at ease. He seemed to have an idea of how I wanted my hair to look and went straight to work. The outcome was nothing short of everything I had wanted, yet was unable to convey to him. The color looks so natural and the cut is what I have been dying for. I would recommend him to anyone I know. In fact, I'll probably gush about how awesome he is to anyone. Plus he's from Wisconsin and I happen to love Midwesterners!My instructions to you are quite simple, Go to Grace, love your hair, repeat.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,1/8/2009,189,522,8,15,13>I have a soft spot for cajun food so it's no shock to my friends that as soon as i heard of this place i had to go there right away. Plus with the sad news of my fav place closing down. Big Will's out in Atwater i had to find a replacement quick.  So i had the jambalaya and the friend catfish. The jambalaya lacked seasonings. It doesn't nessecary have to burn it just has to be bold and you can taste the spices in it. The catfish was perfect. I was moist inside and that lovely batter on the outside.   the sides here did not dissapoint. the cole slaw has spices in it to break from the boring slaw. The corn bread... oh my sweet buttery and fluffy i don't think i need to elborate more on this.  So why the 4 star and not 5. Though it's a bit slow that's not the reason. The microwave, that kind of put me off. I understand that a small place like this they have to make due with what they got. But i still have to do it seeing my food come out in a microwave. If i could give it 4.5 stars i would.  This is definately a place to hit up especially if you're on your way to washington.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2008,1/7/2009,6,26,9,12,13>If you've ever wanted to drink a cup of warm, loving, gentle sex, you should drop by and have some of their drinking chocolate.  I've tried all three flavors, and keep coming back to the cinnamon.  Topped with a little extra coco butter, I can think of nothing more (excepting a decades old bottle of first growth or a good vintage port fifty years in the bottle) I'd rather drink.  I can't really think of anything I'd rather swim in for that matter.The staff is tremendously friendly and informed as well as eager to share their knowledge.  Their commentary has always increased my appreciation of what I was eating and drinking.  They have an excellent selection of chocolates from all over the world, including Amedi (not just Amedi, but the Chuao bar).  I had gotten almost to the point of ordering some of the Chuao bars from Amedi and paying for shipping from Italy just to try some when Cacao opened and I discovered that they carried it.Words cannot describe the joy!  A bar from one of the better makers in the world, from one of (if not THE) best region in the world?  I hadn't found anyone that would sell me one on the internet and had no idea how to track down a retail place that carried it.  I took it as a sign of impeccable taste on the part of the owners, and I continue to think highly of everything I've tried there.You really shouldn't miss it.  Chocolate like this should be a right, not a privilege.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2008,1/6/2009,161,226,24,21,18>Crush is def. not my scene for nighttime funnery, but the brunch is a pretty great alternative to standing outside for an hour waiting to get into any of Portland's brunch eateries on the weekend. That's not saying much is it? But the brunch IS pretty good.IF you can handle a little Olivia Newton John and Captain and Tenille with your scramble.  I proud to say that I can. If I don't have a preexisting  headache or substantial nausea.I don't think my dining partners could dig it, but we pressed on due to being able to find a table straightaway and the serve yourself coffee, toast, cornbread, and scones. They warned us wait for food might be long, but who cares when you have toast and coffee?And the food was good!  Not like, talk of the town good, but good still! Chilaquiles. Get it.And there are extensive breakfast cocktails, obviously.If you can chill in Xanadu at noon on a Saturday, you should totally take your sparkly ass to Crush.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2008,1/5/2009,19,16,20,20,16>Alls well that ends well.After being unceremoniously impeached from my position as Chief Navigator during our circuitous route to the NE, it looked like the evening might continue on that track.  Navarre was packed, and there seemed to be no knowledge of our reservation.We have a reservation at eight," I said."Eight?!" said the owner, "It might be a second. Our computer crashed today."  My thoughts: Shit. I've dragged my friends all over Portland, and it's going to take forever to us to get a seat.  Minutes later, through some magical geometry, a table FOR EIGHT was ready.  (We were a party of five with a reservation at eight p.m.) Navarre is a fantastic study  in "making it work."  The place is unabashedly alive: a long and narrow space crammed with people and jars of pickled...things lining the walls.  The waitstaff and the owner bustle about, deftly receiving and addressing whatever comes up like a Pike Place fish market person snatches a flying fish out of the air and then...does whatever it is fish market people do really fast with that a fish.We settled in, and a pickled plate appeared courtesy of the house. The owner uncorked our wine saying, "It want you to taste it and see if you like it. It's the last bottle for the weekend.""What will happen if we don't like it?" I asked."I'll drink it," he said.  Ever the lawyers' daughter, I wanted to clarify the details of this arrangement,"Do we still have to pay for it?""No, you can order a new bottle."  We liked it.  And, this was true of the vast majority of our food.  We highly recommend the tuna, the mushrooms, the beets, the fried green tomatoes, and everything else we got...almost. In one instance, we were fooled.  We ordered "Chicken of the Forest" as a second protein.  After it arrived, each of us took a turn trying to locate the chicken in the dish and, then, to stomach whatever was definitely not chicken.  (It was mushroom--we'd misread the menu.)  We were so stuffed, however, that this was just a humorous addition to our evening.It was my friend's birthday, so I clandestinely requested a candle for her cake.  It arrived a few minutes later with a tea light on top.  "We didn't have any other candles," the waitress sheepishly explained,  "Everyone else said it was tacky, but I thought it looked cute."  We assured her we loved it and burst into song.As we got up to leave, my friend's necklace broke, flooding the floor with fake pearls.  My last impression of Navarre was the owner, on the floor, cramming himself between table, chairs, and wall, trying to retrieve the wayward pearls.  Now, that's customer service!The next time someone who is not dirt poor (like my boyfriend and I) wants to take us to dinner (namely, his parents) I will finagle my way back into another meal and Navarre.
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2008,1/4/2009,107,111,9,17,16>Jeebus, Beast's yelp page is like a broken record. "Best meal I've ever had." "One of the best meals I've had in my entire life." "A perfect dining experience." "One of the best places in the USA." Ok, we get it: the food will blow your mind. So instead of flogging a dead horse, let's talk service. I was there for a birthday party with about 24 people tonight. 24 people are not easy to serve all at the same time, each wine being poured at the same time, each course being brought out at the same time. At every other restaurant I've ever eaten and probably will ever eat, if I've got 24 people with me, I'm going to expect something to go wrong or some waiter or waitress to have some attitude problems, and I'll always give the wait staff a pass. I know now that I've cut every other restaurant in the world too much slack.The folks at Beast were perfect. The service we were provided looked like a well-rehearsed ballet, every aspect carefully staged and choreographed. They even looked like they were having fun with it. Having fun serving 24 people, each of whom has drunk six glasses of wine? That's not easy to pull off.But oh, theirs was a nuanced performance, and they found ways to make even perfection seem ordinary; behold the following example. During the fifth course my friend lost the handle on her fork and it fell. Not even a second after it hit the floor with a high-pitched clink, before my friend had even made the neuro-physical connection between losing the fork and realizing she needed a new one, our waitress had already presented her with a new fork.That is some mind-blowing service. It goes nicely with mind-blowing food.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2008,1/2/2009,110,167,16,12,12>Yet another place that understands the marvelous combination of bacon and maple (See review of Voodoo Doughnuts). This was one of the first places I tried when I moved to Portland nearly 2 years ago, and it's been a favorite ever sense.They have so many great things, but the Apple Pancakes and Bacon Pancakes battle it out for the #1 spot ever time I come here. The Dutch Baby is good too. I don't like lemon flavor on my food, but squeezing some lemon on it is a must.If this review was based purely on taste it would get 5 stars, but their is ALWAYS a wait on weekends. They're closed on Monday and Tuesday, but their website doesn't tell you that, so I've made a few trips out there to find they are closed because I never remember. The restaurant is small and cramped. Even the waiting area is cramped. Don't think about getting some elbow room standing outside... They wont call your number out there. Get used to staring at some dude's junk while sitting and waiting. If you're lucky they've showered that morning. The other star minus-ing factor is no credit cards. I never carry cash or my check book, so I always have to hit up an ATM on my way there.-------------------------------------------------Here's my fat guy tip. If it works for you... well... you owe me an apple pancake! The apple pancakes take a long time to make (20 minutes or so), so they have them pre-made and sitting in the oven. After so long in the oven they will burn and have to be discarded. So, before they burn they will give out free "samples". By "samples" I mean the whole damn thing! Here's what to do. Order your food, when you server comes back around plant the seed. Point out another table that has the apple pancake and ask what they are having. Talk about how mouth watering it looks, and really let you sever know you might try it some day. If you've done this right soon you'll be feasting on one of their best pancakes... For free! You'll be too full to eat it all, you ordered your regular meal already, so box it up and have it for desert later that night!No harm done... They were just going to throw it out anyway, right?
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,1/1/2009,25,33,15,11,14>Mississippi Pizza accomplished the impossible.  Pleasing a cranky, tired, hungry six-year old.  This is no small feat, and belongs in the same category as karaokeing "Milkshake", assembling a piece of furniture from Ikea, or climbing Mt. Everest.The service was super quick and quite friendly.  We had just enough time to explore the games (trivial pursuit, chess, checkers, backgammon) before our food was brought out.The six year old pronounced the pizza "Delicious".  I mean, it had goat cheese and pine nuts on it, so you can imagine how tasty it must have been to convince the child that a pizza that did not include pepperoni was still edible.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,8/23/2010,123,89,19,8,9>Expect paper towels in the bathroom? What bridge and/or tunnel did you take to get here? .Expect to get charged $4 for a Jim Beam by a bartender standing in front of a sign that says "$4 Jim Beam"? It's more ironic this way. Right? Expect to not get thrown up on? Maybe you should try Clyde Commons. Just enjoy your $2 whiskey sour and be grateful the bartender doesn't punch you in your stupid face.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,8/22/2010,301,344,10,14,10>Every time I walk by this club, it is always packed with great music filling in the air. So when one of my friends mentioned that some people she knew were playing at the club, we made plans to attend. We made reservation a few weeks in advance so we could secure a good view for the stage and to avoid selling out . $10 for a show that was sure to sell out, and it did when the band "Acoustic Minds" came on stage. I've been craving a lamb burger for quite some time so I ordered that with fries. The special ketchup sauce had a little more zing than its original counterpart. The burger had legit grill marks and each bite retained its flavor throughout its course. The fries were a little more crisp but not soggy. The waitress came by often to make sure we were taken care of and the waters were replenished. The place looks a lot bigger than it does when walking outside. If you don't make a reservation, expect to stand in the back to enjoy the show. The sound quality was good for the most with the exception when the singers were talking in between acts. We sat in the side of the club so we got a great view the entire time of the band performing. When they finished, an intermission band came in to play before the next show began. For some reason, people were blocking the bathroom entrance and just drinking in the hallway. I managed to get through. Surprisingly there was a back entrance to get out to so I avoided the clutter confusion mess. They had a nice back lounge area complete with comfy couches and pool tables. I kinda wish the club was aimed at 21 and over all day. They allow minors until 9:30 PM. There was a couple with 3 kids sitting next to our table and the kids were exposed to the parents constant drinking. The kids didn't seem to pay attention to the show either and were kind of a distraction. Next time, just leave the kids home........
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,8/21/2010,141,355,13,20,17>I'm kicking myself right now because I forgot to find out if this amazing old firehouse still has its shiny fire pole.  Everything else is there, including the big truck door turned into a window, the old exposed brick, and the rich, dark wood paneling.  Even the walls are adorned with old photographs of the station and the men who made up the family that called it home.  Although the use of this two story building has changed, the charm and warmth of a quintessential neighborhood landmark remains and wholeheartedly welcomes you in. I'll admit that I really only wanted to come here to see the place, but the talk of pizza was indeed an added draw.  Entering the small vestibule you're instantly hit with the warmth from the pizza oven and open galley kitchen that runs almost the entire length of the shared dining room.  A back room with more tables and booths is much more quiet & intimate (and consequently all the more awkward when your dining companion is your little sister) and provides a cozy spot to have a gin + tonic and unwind from a long week. The menu is small but hardly lacking.  A couple of small plates serve as a great appetizer.  The fried cauliflower is amazing, and supports my belief that vegetables are so much better when they're breaded and slightly crispy.  A pizza serves two, and its ultra thin crust and rich sauce pairs so well with fresh crimini mushrooms, oregano, and mozzarella.  An appetizer, pizza, and a round of drinks for two will set you back around $30.00.  Firehouse's intimate scene makes a night out for dinner an event, so go with folks whose company you enjoy and you don't mind sharing plates with.  There's a collective feeling when you're here.  From close tables to a small but attentive staff bouncing between parties, it seems like everyone is connected to one big dining experience.  I can't help but think that perhaps it's strangely reminiscent to the comradery of the crew that was stationed here in the early 1900s.  But unlike them, at least you don't have to abruptly jump up from your meal and save NoPo from another fire, or rescue a kitten stuck in a tree.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,8/20/2010,554,1502,11,17,13>YAY!!!! I ***FINALLY*** FOUND A GOOD ASIAN MARKET NEAR PORTLAND!!!!After being sorely disappointed by Fubonn yesterday, I made the slightly longer trip out to H-Mart today and was very happy with what I found. Spacious, clean, and huge selection of mostly Korean food, but some Chinese as well. And there are actually Asians here!Great selection of produce, which is much fresher and way cheaper than Fubonn. Dude, I can't even get mangoes for 69 cents in California! And avocados for 50 cents? Well, I did get that occasionally in California, but still...it's like $2 at Uwajimaya and definitely over a buck at Fubonn.Awesome bakery...waaaay better than Meianna Bakery next to Fubonn. So fresh and delicious!The food court is good too. It's expensive, but it's nice to be able to grab lunch/dinner before shopping. I liked the jjajangmyun/champon combo from the Mandarin place, and the dolsot bibimbap at the Korean place. Ddeokbokki was pretty good too, but a little too much on the sweet side than I'm used to. I'm going to try more of the food here, but first I must hit up the Korean restaurants in town!You have no idea how happy I am to find a GOOD Asian market near Portland...I was almost ready to just accept the lack of good Asian food/groceries after a couple subpar restaurant and market experiences here in the past few days.This is close to a Costco, which is nice too. Relatively close to Uwajimaya, so you could easily hit up both if you're coming from Portland. Damn, I'm so happy right now...
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,8/19/2010,145,218,8,11,9>Tiger bar has been working it's mojo to move up the list in a very ninja-like fashion.  I have been back 3 times, which unless it is walking distance for me, speaks buckets about it....if you know me.It's dark and iffy looking outside, yeah, it's the black building.  Just inside the door seems a bit divey, but go towards the back and there are exposed brick walls, with guitars hanging on them, cool band posters under the tabletop glass, and killer booths with an awesome view of the stage.The bartenders have always got my drink going rather quickly and only once had to wait for more than a couple minutes.  They seem pretty punk, yet approachable.   After sitting for a bit, the staff came by regularly to clean up the empties and offer new drinks.  Pretty sure I would not fuck with the doorman(and recommend the same to you, he is ginormous.Two times I have gone in for Karaoke from hell, the last time was at the tail end of last Thursday.  It was quite busy as it borders the pearl, and screams old town.  The drinks vary in strength of pour, never weak, and never grab you by the balls.  They have a great selection of taps as well.  I have only swiped a fry here and sweet potato fry there off of people's plates, but the food seems above solid.Nice and dark (but loud) bar close to the train, and karaoke one night a week with a live band....that is how to party on a Thursday.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2010,8/18/2010,48,125,18,13,13>HOLY SWEET MOTHER OF MERCY. A lady - the Sugar Cube lady -  just came to my door and delivered a dozen of the best cupcakes I have EVER had, in Portland or anywhere else. Quite possibly THE best. No, DEFINITELY the best! In my LIFE!!These things are blowing my mind!!!Let me back up. It seems that my best friend who lives on the East Coast arranged the delivery as a (late) birthday surprise, even though the Sugar Cube doesn't normally deliver. And it is SO COOL that they did this time. Because it rocked my face off! Twelve beautifully lopsided, fresh and tender chocolate cupcakes slathered with dark chocolate ganache, Jackson-Pollock'ed with divine silky handcrafted caramel, spanked with a kick of sea salt... and with MORE CARAMEL IN THE MIDDLE. Weeping sweetly into your mouth like the tears of Jeebus.This is serious baking. Like fucking crazy gourmet-level bidness. (Am I allowed to say fuck on here? It's my first time, and I don't do it lightly - in writing.) NO! This is ART!!!SERIOUSLY, YOU GUYS. These cupcakes from Sugar Cube are like a baked goods wet dream. It makes the items that I had previously enjoyed at other bakeries and cupcake places look like trifling (haha), sorry excuses for dessert.These cupcakes are worth every single penny paid for them, and more. I can't wait to go to the actual Sugar Cube location on Mississippi and go on a dessert-gorging bender/orgy. Who's with me?!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,8/17/2010,532,371,17,19,23>Simply my favorite place to eat PDX pies.Sure there are other good Portland pizza joints that I frequent.Apizza Scholl's.Ken's Artisan.Pizza Oasis.W'yeast.(To name drop a few)But....Gladstone Coffee & Pizza (aka "GCSP" aka "Gladstone") is the combo that suits me best.Love the           chill neighborhoody vibe,      slightly worn indie decor,                            inner SE locale,                      changing wall art,               graffiti anime style graphic work,                                      stumptown coffee,                         weekend pizza brunch,                     affable owners,                wonderful staff,                       and perhaps most importantly                                                              their pizza.Along with their fabulous staff (Joanie's energy and laughter are infectious), John and Grace have created the sort of welcoming place that I feel comfortable kicking back in.I love spending lazy Sundays here scarfing Margherita (tomato sauce, mozzarella & percorino cheese, fresh basil) and Basil Pesto (fresh basil pesto sauce, parmesan, mozzarella and chevre goat cheese topped with pine nuts and sun-dried tomatoes) pies. On the weekends there's even a delicious brunch pizza topped with egg! The Umbria with it's white sauce and prosciutto is nice, but lately I've been liking custom pizzas topped with fresh mushrooms and Otto's canadian bacon.While I still need to find some authentic Italian and some Chicago deep dish, GSCP pies have the right balance of crispness, thickness, chew, taste, and toppings to satiate most of my pizza cravings-plus they serve decent coffee!Gladstone Coffee & Pizza.{dramatic pause to remember the smell of canadian bacon, mushrooms, and cheese from when I cracked open a just filled to go box}Though not the overnight sensation one might suspect from all the recent buzz (the coffeeshop's been open for five years) this is a delightful hideaway well deserving of any accolades it receives.And like I mentioned at the beginning, simply my favorite place for PDX pie.btw for a larger view of the collages check out my blog post (I'm biased, but I think this one's worth a look): pdxploration.com/2010/01
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,8/16/2010,53,263,12,16,15>I'm so special that I merit my own fresh, hot, crispy, cakey doughnut whenever I ask for it, at least that's what I'd like to think.  You see, those delicious fluffy golden circular confections are made to order.  That's right.  Made-To-Order.  Yes, you'll have to wait 10-15 min after you order to get your carb fix & while the shakes may have you jonesing for sweet starch of the gods, don't worry, it's worth it.  Just make sure you pick up extra napkins to mop up the drool while you're picturing your steaming, crispy, cakey, slightly greasy slurpalicious cake doughnut freshly topped with your choice of cinnamon sugar, powdered sugar, chocoooooolate, vanilla glaze or plain jane.  At $1/divine doughnut, how can you order just one?  And apparently they care about your waistline & cardiovascular health cuz they're still only open on Sat & Sun.  So does this mean I'm only special on the weekend?  Evil b*st*rds.  Now I'm getting a complex....
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,8/15/2010,131,132,19,19,16>You want authentic? Do you know what authentic is?  Are you latino? If you are, well then you know what I mean by authentic. This is the real deal.  I was transported to another fucking planet where there was music makes my hips naturally just shake.  If you're a white girl, hey the latino men, they love you and will dance with you all night, without feeling like you're obligated to have a drink with them.  They just want to dance.  Don't know how to salsa, no worries, they'll just spin you around and they are always happy to show you the moves.  The men are gentlemen even though the dancing may hardly seem like you're a good girl. Whoohoo! good times.  If you're a white guy, hey the latinas we love you white boys. Just come on down.   When I walked in to the Grand for the first time I was afraid.  I saw a bunch of white people singing karaoke.  I hesitated, paid my 4 bucks for a cover and then went downstairs.  Like I said, this is a different world.  In a world where all I see is whites with a sprinkling of color, this was brown heaven.  My latino-ness almost felt inadequate," am I even Mexican enough to be in here? " hells yeah. They are welcoming they want you to dance and have a good time and you will.  This is a small space downstairs from the Grand but it is well used.  I would suggest you come here immediately if you enjoy a good time.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2009,8/14/2010,58,56,7,7,10>Here is a pointless fact about myself.  Everyday from 6th to 12th grade I had a key lime pie yogurt for lunch.  Shoot...why lie, I still have that for lunch!  No, you really are not missing out on some amazing yogurt; I am just THAT boring when it comes to food.  Regrettably, I am equally as dull when it comes to where I go get food, so like it or not, my sister is making me try new places.  As a starting point (that wouldn't result in complete culture shock) I was introduced to Sip.  After glancing over the menu, I decided to be brave and try a green tea milkshake.  Slightly hesitant about my choice, I was quickly comforted when I was presented with a drink that was a similar shade of key lime yogurt green.  Following my initial baby sip, I came to the verdict that I was holding a cup full of deliciousness!  Those vegans sure know what it is all about; in fact, I don't think I ever want an ice-cream based milkshake ever again! So I guess I have to admit that trying new things won't kill me.  This probably means I should set aside my boring yogurt filled lunches and spice things up a bit more often.  Who knows, with this new outlook, I might even get daring and try something completely out of my comfort zone the next time I stop by Sip!  But I won't get too far ahead of myself quite yet...baby steps!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,2/21/2011,152,351,8,14,10>Oranges. I'm mad about oranges. Citrus-tossing, agrumes-warring, Ivrea Battle of the Oranges mad about them.Takes a bit of will power then, selecting an orange or two from the barrel, wanting to dive head first and come up tossing them in all directions.But I'll just buy a few of their wonderful, juicy oranges... Oh, and some of those .49/lb organic bananas... and go home. It's nice to have this new produce market in the neighborhood.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,2/20/2011,118,97,7,9,8>I'm going to cut right to the chase: right now, this gets my ranking for Overall Best Korean Restaurant in Portland!A friend was told about this place by an ajuma (bit.ly/fnNQ1p).  If there's anything I've learned during my time on this planet, it's to take as gospel the infallible word of the ajuma when it comes to food.The "banchan" (side dishes, en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ba) was exceptional; usually, the first sign of decline in a Korean restaurant is the falling quality of the banchan.  The ajuma that recommended this place noted that everything was made from scratch.  This crucial point should be appreciated: banchan is labor-intensive and time consuming to make, and some restaurants resort to purchasing it from commercial sources.  One cannot underestimate the nuance of a correctly made banchan, especially in that poorly made banchan (e.g., kimchee) is frequently too salty or otherwise relatively boring in flavor.The potato pancake was also delicious, and unlike anything I've ever eaten: perfectly browned and delightfully flavored with various vegetables.  I'm sure the version with seafood--"haemul"--would also be good.If you really must have Korean BBQ, I'd recommend New Seoul Garden (SW Canyon) or So Kong Dong (SE 82nd).  However, I think this little gem is worth a visit, if anything, just to taste the banchan.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,2/19/2011,61,115,5,9,7>I love the vegan bubble that is Portland with its myriad of food choices within a five block radius in any direction. Once you venture past 82nd however the choices drastically plummet and you feel like you're in Anytown, America where they give you puzzled looks and feeble findings upon hearing the word 'vegan'. The Bipartisan cafe is on the periphery of this comfort zone circumference yet thankfully offers ample selections before you cross over to the rugged frontier and must brave the tumbleweeds and wilderness. The cafe is just big enough to be accommodating yet small enough to feel intimate, busy enough to feel lively yet slow paced enough to not feel crowded or distracting and it offers enough choices to give you options but not so many that they overwhelm you. I've enjoyed going there to catch up with a friend or bust out a board game while sipping on a hot drink. It's a bonus the cafe is centrally located among the bustling Montavilla neighborhood, which makes it easy to pop over somewhere else for a bite, happy hour or even a movie. One of these days I'll have to try one of the pies everybody else raves about, especially the ones with the cute little 'vegan' signs.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2010,2/18/2011,130,164,23,11,10>Say it with me, kids: "A & L Tavern." Now imagine saying it after some vodka soda/Guinness St. Patty's Day pre-funcing at home."A&L" quickly becomes "anal."  As in "Screw you Biddy's and your $10 cover, let's go across the street to the Anal Tavern."Hours of hilarity ensue.I drank my weight in car bombs.  The bar was a bit overwhelmed by the overflow crowd from Biddy's but the bartenders were quick and tolerant of those who had over-imbibed.  Driving by I had always assumed it was an old-timey alcoholic bar.  It's really more of an old-timey alcoholic bar with flat screens and a pretty clean bathroom.I may watch some tourney action there.  Come by if you want some anal fun.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2010,2/17/2011,145,186,18,11,16>When I was little our neighbors were John and Marie. John was an invalid and Marie was his caretaker, a middle aged lady who would threaten to kill herself once a month. Every month, we knew the drill. The cops would come warn us of her monthly shenanigans, we would all lie on the floor until Marie dropped the shaky pistol she had waved for hours and then it was business as usual.  I was the youngest of my siblings and Marie had a soft spot for me.  Often she would lure me over with promises of cherry 7-up or peanut butter crackers.  Her house was smoky with a rickety screen door and shag carpet.  Americana style knick knacks and everything that screamed hillbilly.  In spite of all of the dysfunction, there was always a welcoming vibe at Marie's.  She was my homie, and on the days when she decided she didn't want to bust out the pistol, we would sip cherry 7-up in creaky rocking chairs and talk while she chain smoked capri's.Today I walked  in to Hillbilly Bento and was instantly immersed with nostalgia.  The place was just like Marie's house except with a better menu.  Dirty rice, hush puppies, fried okra, pecan pie the list goes on. The staff was  welcoming, there was outside seating and twangy music played  in the background. I had the Monday special: fried chicken, dirty rice and collard greens. I have to say that the chicken was quite the disappointment as it was all drumsticks and a little on the sweet side. The rest of the stuff was just alright. Speaking of sweet, the sweet tea was some of the best I have had and came with free refills.  My lunch date had the pulled pork and fried okra which she approved of.   While my food was not the best, the atmosphere and friendliness were enough for me to want to come back and try some of the other things on their menu.  After all it was just like Marie's sans the cherry 7-up and the pistol.
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,2/16/2011,550,1055,10,10,12>Everything was blur after the double shots of Maker's Mark that my friend bought me.All I could remember was that my pretty buzzed DL made everybody in the bar sang me Happy Birthday even though it wasn't my birthday!!! We were celebrating my success in getting my United States citizenship, so his excuse was that it was my American birthday.Also more stars because they play Lady Gaga - Bad Romance, Bonnie Tyler - Total Eclipse of The Heart, and more of my favorite songs. Even though I didn't request them. The bartender has good taste in music and like always, great minds think alike.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,2/15/2011,43,65,21,13,12>Sometimes...just sometimes, the wife and I get a hankerin' for fried chicken and jo-jo's. Maybe our cholesterol levels dipped somewhere below 'imminent heart attack' or perhaps we're just burned out on fresh greens and quinoa salad, whatever the reason, last Friday night we decided it was time for Chicken and jo-jo's.As always, a quick check of the suggestions from Yelp gave us many places to pick from and we decided on Reel M inn; you did it again Yelpers, this place is right on!This place lives up to it's billing, it's a dive bar, but friendly it is. Drink pours are quite generous and prices are soft on the pocket.We both ordered the 3 pieces of chicken and 4 jo-jo's, the bartender said "are you going to split that?" I said "No, one of those for each of us." she said "that's alot of food!"  HMMMMM.........After a while the food came out, one breast, one leg, one thigh and 4 jo-jo's the size of an Idaho fence post. The chicken pieces obviously came from a chicken grown on an Island in a Jules Verne novel, they were enormous! We were warned to let them cool down......good luck with that y'all... half drunk and hungry, we were engulfed by the intoxicating aroma of hot oil and sizzling chicken fat. So as the drool was cascading down our chests, we took the plunge and started tearing into our dinner. I believe I was thinking I may have found an energy source that could replace fossil fuels, the inside of these jo-jo's are incredibly hot, somewhere between a run-away nuclear reactor and a Swanson's chicken pot pie fresh from the oven.As I soothed the fresh third degree burns on my tongue and roof of my mouth with beer, I was overcome with taste sensory satisfaction, this was damn good chicken! We savored our meals, ate as much as we could and got boxes to take home more than half. I guess it really was alot of food.As soon as the skin grafts covering the severely burned parts of our mouths are fully healed we will be back.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,2/14/2011,44,48,6,9,5>i found this restaurant with the yelp app on my droid. we wanted seafood, and not red lobster. this place is small, but packed with awesomeness. the menu is small and simple. 4-5 apps. 4-5 smaller meals. and 8-10 entrees. we started with the blinni's  (mini cornbread pancake) with a white fish ceviche on top. TO DIE FOR!i got the cod, and my girl friend got the salmon. both prepared with FRESH veggies and cooked to perfection. the cod had the most perfect tarragon sauce. the salmon, was a little under seasoned (no flavor layers like the cod) but still delicious. the lavender and honey creme brulee was huge, big enough for 2 people +. the lavender in it isnt weird, AT ALL. for a wednesday night, the place was moderately busy.the server was super informative.the bathroom sink, i wanted to take home...i think they would have noticed though.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,2/13/2011,216,263,18,12,10>"OWIE, OWIE, OWIE OWIE OWIEEE." That's my imitation of the "Grape Lady," that news reporter woman who fell off the balcony while trying to mash grapes with her feet. You know what I'm talking about; it's one of the most famous viral clips on the internet. Family Guy spoofed it, and it was hilarious.Anyway, I thought I'd be imitating the Grape Lady for real (and in person) when I went to the Wax Shack today. See, my experiences in the past have usually left me scared as hell and in some some serious pain, kind of like going to a real-life haunted house where the monsters can put a hurt on you.But I was confused when I showed up here and Angie didn't look like a scary clown, or a ghost, or even the Grim Reaper. So I was able to check that off my list: It was not a haunted house. Okay, so next on the list: how was her personality? Was she engaging enough to take my mind off the wax itself, while still being thoughtful in her work (and paying close attention to what I wanted done)? Also check.And finally: THE WAX. Did it hurt? Yes, but it would have hurt a hell of a lot more if I had gone to any other waxer in town. And the cincher: She's an independent business, so she's willing and able to keep the price down low (no pun intended. Okay, some pun intended).So ladies: get your waxable body parts on over to Angie, because she'll take care of you! Unless you're a dude looking for a brazilian. Because she doesn't roll like that.Trust me. Your experience will be less Grape Lady ("owie owie owie") and more family guy ("ha ha, ouch, ha ha").
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,2/12/2011,252,87,11,14,11>Um, yes please.This place rules.  Vegan, check.  Gluten-free, check.  Vegetarian, check.  Pescetarian, check.  Carnivore, check.  Dessertatarian, check.  Scrum-diddily-umptious, check.Every dish that I have personally had, and every dish that I have seen come out of this kitchen look AMAZING.  The flavors can rival any of the over-priced restaurants in this city, and the waitstaff is phenomenal.  The menu selections are perfect for a diverse group and the ingredients are quality (non-gmo tofu to start).  They serve locally brewed kombucha & have a HUGE selection of yummy teas.  The outside patio is a nice place to sit and enjoy the strawberry lemonade or grilled tofu salad on a hot day and the ambiance of the interior is welcoming and cozy.  They also have free wi-fi, so this is the perfect place for a lunch meeting or a mid-afternoon tea break.  HIGHLY recommended (one of Sellwood's little secrets) to one and all.  See you there ~
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,1/24/2010,457,244,16,14,17>I use to be a little bit of a mover and a shaker. Yep, that was me, a real go getter, climbing that corporate ladder of greed in Lala Land in search of money, accolades and maybe a few snack crackers.  That was until I found my soul and a conscience buried deep inside, sold my home in Los Angeles, let the tan slowly fade away, and met a certain tall leggy blonde and moved back home to P-town. Now granted, I don't move as well as I use to... and the only thing that shakes are my hands from the delirium tremens if I don't get my daily ingestion of beer.  But recently I have been getting out there again, and as our company begins to focus more on local search engine marketing endeavors, meetings with potential clients are becoming more and more frequent.  And that can mean only one thing...company lunches at restaurants far from our Sellwood office.Now, in the past, a company lunch consisted of several martinis at high class LA restaurants, with it all going on the company tab.  Well, those days of free drinks, escorts and overpriced appetizers are certainly over, but the enjoyment of meeting new clients in their element, followed up by a quick bite in a different neighborhood are here and a welcomed opportunity.My associate and I found ourselves over in the Mississippi area, so we decided to grab a few slices from the Mississippi Pizza Pub.  With it being right in the middle of lunch hour, there was a slight wait, but the understaffed counter person was like a pinball bouncing off one bumper to the next, so a smile and a little understanding resulted in a free pop.What's that o' king of debauchery?  Pop with your pizza?Yes, I know it is sacrilege to not have a brew with your slice of pie, and believe me, as each cold frosty pint went by I trembled in mock anticipation, but my business partner skews to the conservative side of things, so I decided to use restraint.  Normally, the only time you will hear me mention restraint is when talking about bedroom shenanigans...not self control.The Aloha and Pepperoni was my order, and both NY style slices were flavorful, not too greasy and went a long way to satisfying my daily recommended allowance of pizza.  Overall, not a bad way to spend a lunch hour, although I would be lying if I said that 2 o'clock Friday martini isn't starting to sound mighty, mighty good to me.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,1/23/2010,56,95,4,7,6>There are two things I really like about Yoko's sushi:1. That the owner, Yoko, prepares pretty much everything herself                     And....2. Because of that fact, it taste like love was put into every bite.Although there are many good sushi places in Portland, like Bamboo Sushi, not many of them have the taste of home like this place does. If you can imagine, the food taste like it would if your momma was a Japanese sushi chef. The ahi tuna was fresh and tasty, and the eel roll is worth going back for alone. Also, the saki menu is really great. Just ask your server for a suggestion and you can't go wrong.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2009,1/22/2010,54,54,5,9,8>I almost don't need to write this review as I think Don and Kody have captured everything about this cart perfectly EXCEPT the Soda.  The soda is out of this world tasty.  I went for the cherry vanilla but also sampled the lemon lime. All are homemade with a not so sweet bend to them.  I've always been a big fan of subtly flavored sodas, and this is some of the best.  An absolute must with any order.  Went with the Pepperoni and Canadian Bacon and Pineapple.  Both were slamming.  Slice size wasn't as filling/large as Rocco's, but big enough that you could be happy with just a slice.  2.50-3 bones ain't half bad either.  In my best John Canzano, I'll try to sum up GPAC with as few words per sentence/paragraph as possible.Crust is perfect.  Thin under the ingredients, thick at the end.  Love the whole wheat/nutty thing.  Loved dunking my crust into some sriracha. (Not a good JC)Fine tasting ingredients.  Organic and piled high. (Getting better.)Saucy sauce. (Bam, there is it.)Go. (Triumph)
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,1/21/2010,83,135,6,6,5>I have a simple mission for you, Yeeps. This mission - should you choose to accept it - is to go to your favorite Thai place, and ask for beef satay. BEEF satay. Not chicken. Beef. You will be disappointed. Because you see, even though this delicious delicacy is a standard in some parts of the county, here in the North West it is a rare beast. And by rare I mean I've been to 15+ Thai eateries and not a one has had it. until now. So is it a little indulgent to give Red Onion 4 stars on the basis of one appetizer? Yeah, maybe. but in my defense I also got the veggie rolls with sweet Thai dipping sauce and that very nice too. This place literally just opened Monday, Memorial day. They are as new as new gets. So give them a chance, if only to keep them around for my beef satay *needs* I thank you, and your palate will too - as the satay was very good. It is making me hungry just thinking about the succulent pieces of tender meat with the greenish yellow marinade... end of mission...this review will not self destruct in 5 seconds.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,1/20/2010,213,358,6,14,10>I LIKE IT!Bar Carlo has the big three going for it and then some. Food quality A+ Service A+  and Price for the service and food... A+. The bonus is that you get it all in the package of a cute eclectic restaurant/bar in a semi transitional neighborhood with a lot going for it.By the way they have a southwestern flair going with their menu and decor. I think they are trying to make it look and feel like a cantina. It really only works if the menu reflects it and it does that well. I had the Chilaquiles for breakfast and they were totally awesome. They also serve up some delicious Stumptown coffee. And one of my favorite things about this place that not even Hellser's or Screen Door can match... No wait for breakfast at 10 O'clock on a Sunday morning!Try it out yourself and enjoy!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,1/19/2010,50,138,17,12,12>There is a cancer in Portland. A disease eating our gastronomical sense of relativism from the inside out....specifically from the inside out of our bank accounts. Have we become so blinded by the almighty appeal of the hip and new that we can no longer value that which is inherently valuable? Have we lost all sense of pragmatism in entertainment? I sure hope not, and I charge you, fair reader, to join in effort to support a movement away from judging establishments on their proximity to the Pearl or Belmont Station. A renewed premium on the intrinsic value that a table is just sometimes just something my elbows and drinks sit on, and NOT a work of art. That on any given Tuesday I would rather hear from a bartender that she has "Miller, Coors Light, and some local shit that's hoppy on tap." That I don't need confit; that I may not want compound butter; and that sometimes I want to be curious as to why my jeans stuck to my bar stool for a second. I urge our community to stand up against a shifting paradigm that may create our own tower of babel here in Portland, leading us heathens to be the victors of our own spoils and lose such truly valuable establishments as the Dockside. But I digress. While I would hardly consider myself cheap or frugal, I am a SUCKER for a good deal. And here's a what I call a good deal. Hamburger w/ Cheese and Fixins Chips 3 Jack and Sodas = $15 That what I had at Dockside on a Wednesday night. Rave reviews also came in for their $3 chicken Quseodilla. Great, friendly service, good location, parking lot, TV's EVERYWHERE. Doesn't get any better in the world of dive bars than this. Amazing.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2009,1/18/2010,107,111,20,13,12>"I remember when this place used to be an art gallery. A couple of friends of mine had an exhibition here... Years ago. Years ago." *casually sips cocktail*I love saying that. I sound like a pretentious ass when I do, but I think we all have the right to act a little snooty every once in a while. And the Secret Society provides those opportunities in spades.Consider: it's called the Secret Society, and to find it you need to go into a nondescript entrance, up a set of stairs, through a weird lobby area, and into the dark and seductively styled confines of the lounge. By the time you manage to get a table and have a drink, you can't help but be thinking, "I heard about the Secret Society, I knew how to get here, I found it, and I managed to get a table."I am such. hot. shit."So yeah, I'm a fan of the Secret Society. Note that it's not a place for a bunch of guy friends to hang out in. Or for letting off steam after a tough day at work. Or, as others have said, "woo woo girls." But for small groups of people looking for a small space for strong drinks and quiet conversation, there's none better. The cocktail menu is huge and varied, the drinks are complex and tasty, and the staff is friendly and personable.If it all works out for you, feel free to take the opportunity to get a little pretentious. "Oh, you've never heard of the Secret Society? Huh." Or, "You mean, you had heard about the Secret Society but were unable to find it? How droll."
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2009,1/17/2010,184,343,7,13,8>I'm always on the lookout for a good sandwich shop. Being on the west side makes it not easy to go to Bunk or Meat Cheese Bread. The People's Sandwich, Commie-themed it may be, is just a great sandwich shop. The Hammer and Pickle, their version of a Cubano, delivers on taste. Two types of pork, Swiss cheese, mustard, and pickles. I don't usually go for pickles on a sandwich, but they added that extra something and I almost devoured the thing in a minute. The housemade chips were just icing on the porky cake.if I'm ever in Old Town, I'm gonna stop by People's again to try something new. I'd hate to never know how awesome the other sandwiches are.
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,1/16/2010,457,356,8,8,8>I had my Thai cherry popped today at Thai Village.Don't you think that would make a wonderful bumper-sticker?  All humor aside... well okay, not "all" humor, that's just not my style; I was quite nervous coming into this UYE Lunch with us southern Yeeps since I had been living under the delusion that Thai food was all curry and heat and vegetables that I disagree with.  While it can be all that and more I was surprised to find out I was quite mistaken.I took the time to study the menu on line and found a couple of possibilities plus once there I took a survey of the five other experienced Thai Yeeps and decided to start really basic, Pad Thai with chicken minus the green onion prepared mild.After we ordered the waitress, who was very polite, brought us small cups of soup.  The broth was light and delicious and there was some rice at the bottom.  It was a very nice way to start things out.  As crowded as it was (for it was the lunch rush) our food came out in a very timely manner.  Everyone had something different and I found myself looking at other more complex dishes and wishing I had jumped in with both feet instead of dipping my toes in only.I dipped my fork into a huge pile of Pad Thai and brought up some medium eggs noodles and chicken with some bean sprouts and took a bite.  A tangy zip raced across my mouth and then mellowed into a smooth exotic flavor that I just cannot describe, but I like it.  I squirted a little lime over the dish and mixed in more cabbage and bean sprouts and happily enjoyed a new dining sensation as we talked about all things Yelp.I think maybe I like this Thai thing, it was certainly friendly to the budget and you get a lot for $7.00, and there seems to be a myriad of different things to try in different varying levels of heat from my mild to Don B's dish that warmed my skin from 2 feet away!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,1/15/2010,61,77,11,14,14>if you are or were ever the type to riffle through big boxes of old-time-y b/w photographs and old postcards at thrift or antique stores, you will absolutely adore this shop. i know i do.there's a lot of history in these types of photos, even when you have no idea who the subjects are. most of the photos in the boxes at ampersand are dated, which is so cool! it reminds me of a class project we did in english class way back when... our teacher brought in similarly old discarded snapshots and we had to chose one and write a short story about it. definitely one of the most fun projects i can remember from school!it's a small space that seemingly just sprang up from nowhere (i have no recollection of what the space was before ampersand arrived) filled with books on awesomely random topics, always art/photography related. the owner (i think?) was there and he was really friendly and eager to share cool tidbits about the books, photos and everything else in store!there will be monthly shows, which gives me reason to keep going back! right now, there are snapshots that they took from their boxes, enlarged in squares like pixels, each one separated by an inch or so. beautiful!this gallery/store will definitely spark your creativity, be it in inspiring a collection of old photos to frame and decorate your house with or inspiration for your own photo shoot. you owe it to yourself and the world to be creative! go!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2010,12/7/2010,4,89,20,13,14>Dear Portland Breakfast-Brunch Crowd,      I'm sorry but we're through. I'm tired of waiting in line every weekend, and having to pay big bucks for less the memorable breakfast entrees. I have a new love, her name is Shirley, and she makes the meanest, biggest, bloody mary in the state. She never asks me to wait in line, she always has comfy seating for me in the sun or the shade, and she would never think of putting goat cheese on my french toast. I don't want to bring up old issues but there were some needs you just never met Portland. My new lady owns her own joint, and can recite her four page menu of breakfast-lunch-and dinner dishes just like a George Carlin joke. Yes, I drive a bit more, but her drive way is literally a scenic highway. Instead of hipsters and joggers I pass by beautiful forest scenes and riversides to get to her place. Her entrees are delicious, and man size. This morning she made me fresh crab cakes and eggs for breakfast. You never offered anything like that. So as you can see I have moved on. I wish you well, and I'll be by later this week to pick up my cd collection.Used to be yours,Valorie
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,12/6/2010,88,544,6,13,13>~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~Success story at the 'Goodwill Outlet', Hillsboro, OR.We went to the "Goodwill Outlet" in Hillsboro, Oregon right off TV Hwy yesterday.  My husband found a ball point pen for 10 cents.  And not just any ballpoint pen. Estimated worth?  $1600, probably more.  The pen we found is a Mont Blanc very rare, limited edition 75th anniversary ball point pen hand stamped (not etched) with its series number.  It has mother of pearl on the crown, 23k rose gold and a diamond set in the "O" of "75 YEARS OF PASSION" written on the band.  There are only 1924 of this series made in the world.   (I will take a photo in natural light and post it.)The story goes:  We were driving by and I asked my husband if he wanted to stop.  He said "Sure."  So we stopped and went in.My husband was in the this 'Goodwill Outlet' and "saw" "in his minds eye":  "There is a Mont Blanc in here somewhere."  He looked once, did not find it.  Came back 10 minutes later?  And there it was stuck in between a crack. Since purchases are, generally, by the pound at the "Goodwill Outlet"?  The lady felt the weight in her hand and told my husband "Ah, probably 3 cents."  But after putting it on the scale?  it was heavier than she thought.  She had to break the bad news to him.  It would be 10 cents.  He bucked up and paid it.  This is 4 cents more than he paid for the wood crucifix he got at this same "Goodwill Outlet" that came all the way from Jerusalem that he sent to his friend who is a nun who had always wants a wood set.  My husband has three other Mont Blanc pens -- none of which he has ever paid for - they have always, somehow, come to him.  This is the most expensive one yet -- at 10 cents.  So he gave it to me, which is, now, my first Mont Blanc.  He said "It is In keeping with family tradition."  In other words, it was free to me just as his other three were to him.This pen really stands out from the others, though.  This pen is in perfect condition, is *gorgeous*, is a ladies traveling pen which is shorter than his, and the 23k rose gold is "fatter" than his more flat finish gold on his three pens.  It is simply beautiful.  Great way to start my new business.I guess this trumps the gorgeous $500 chunk of turquoise we have in our fish tank.Yeah, you can say we are a fan of Goodwill.   We go all the time (shopping and donating).And the 'Goodwill Outlet'?  You just have to see it to believe it.  Note that not all are created equal.  The one in Vancouver, WA is not nearly as good as the one in Hillsboro, OR.  Just bring something to wash your hands off after a visit there.  Oh, and stand back when they bring in a new bin and you will be fine.  : )~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,12/5/2010,194,364,10,10,10>Damn!  I'm not sure I can finish this review because I'm so STUFFED!My lunchtime conversation went like this:me: "I'm ridiculously hungry.  What's the biggest meal I should get"?SUAE guy: "Meatball sandwich, hands down"me: "done"me (15' later): "I should stop eating now, but it's so good!"I'm usually not a big meatball sub man (I avoid the one at subway like the plague), but this was Da Bomb!A full size sub, buttered & toasted (think texas toast flavor), with fresh cooked MONSTER meatballs (they must have been almost 2" in diameter!), smothered in a zesty marinara sauce, topped off with mozzerella cheese, and toasted againe to get it all hot and melty....oh yeah, and they add some nice quality mixed greens (tossed with some kind of light vinegrette); i'm not sure if they're just a side, or are supposed to go on the sub, but it doesn't matter!Bottom line: I'm stuffed with an excellent meaty-sub goodness and I'll definitely be back!My only thought for improvement: there's so much flavor going on with the meat, sauce, & cheese, I honestly think they could put the kybosh on the butter (or use half as much) and it'd be just as good, but that's my "healthy eating" side talking ^_^I'll shut up now and let you eat here already ;-)
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2010,12/4/2010,162,144,6,13,10>For my 100th review, I would like to introduce you to Frank's Noodle House - a little heaven of noodle goodness. The fun began when I ordred the egg flower soup - it comes in a giant bowl (perfect for sharing if you're a couple) and was savory and perfectly cooked with little pieces of tofu within. Next came the handmade - that's right - handmade noodles. I got the vegetarian, not because I'm a veggie, but because I just wanted to taste the noodles. When I got the plate, you smell the spices, the finely chopped cabbage and red peppers, and Frank's own "special sauce". Normally I cringe before and after trying anything with such a disclaimer, bur if he needs to keep his sauce a secret in order to serve up the king of all noodles, I say go for it Jack...er Frank.At the end of the meal, I realized that I had completely cleared my plate of EVERYTHING...for me and veggies that's a rare sight to behold.Overall, at this time I have no choice but to give Frank the Noodle freak 5 stars, and a guarantee that I will be back for more.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2009,12/3/2010,61,77,6,10,7>oh mmmy goodness, this was a surprise! milo's somehow never made it onto my breakfast joint radar (don't worry, i took it in for a tune up), but one morning at the hotel i asked a guest if she needed breakfast suggestions and she said "oh no, i go to milo's every time i'm in portland, i've been going for years". when i expressed that i'd never been, she practically ordered me to try it! so i did, obviously.i'm not sure exactly what i was expecting, but i was blown away!i ordered the blackstone eggs benedict, which was with crispy real bacon instead of canadian bacon, with a thick juicy slice of tomato, and some of the best holandaise sauce i've ever had. it came served with yummy home fries and a little bowl  of fruit salad (with NO soggy grapes! i mean, there were grapes but they were crispy and fresh).the cafe itself was was very cute and there are classy white tablecloths but i wouldn't say it's a "white table cloth" kind of establishment, if you know what i mean. it's good for friends, good for maybe a business breakfast or lunch, and i guess ok for families (there was a couple sitting next to us with a wee babe).this was a seriously good breakfast!
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,12/2/2010,109,170,4,6,6>Another Alberta gem, a discovery made recently when we had finished up eating at the Fremont Cha Cha Cha!s and decided we needed a sweet fix.  I vaguely recalled a donut shop on Alberta, so we decided to head out, take a short walk around the neighborhood, and then finish up here.Oh, are we glad we did!At first sight, Tonalli's is nothing special - a converted cafe turned donut-shop with some unfinished walls and randomly-strewn appliances - but you immediately become drawn to the many flavors of ice cream and donuts on display, and that all just melts into the background.Now, it was the end of the night, so we were not treated to the widest variety of donuts possible, though I remain impressed by their potential offerings, as well.  Even so, it mattered not - what we were able to choose from were soft, delicious, and wonderfully satisfying.  Even the cinnamon twists, which I am not entierly partial to, were a treat.  I was impressed enough to remain confident in what we did NOT have available to us, and will definitely be back for them.I can tell that Tonalli's is going to be a regular spot for us.  That one night made us fans for life.  Being naught a fan of Voodoo, and living way too far from Krispy Kreme, I cannot even begin to tell you how much I appreciate Tonalli's!...oh wait, I already did.  Oh well.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,12/1/2010,57,129,3,8,7>I'm new to the whole Pho thing... even though I have been dating a Vietnamese girl for over 4 years. But now I have fallen in love with Pho over the last few months, it has almost become my weekend ritual when I have nothing else to do. Go sit down by myself with a heaping, hot, spicy, meaty bowl of magical steaming hangover cure that is Pho. So far I would have to say this spot is my new favorite and is worth the adventure into the land of used car dealerships that is 82nd ave. Just as others have said the service is pretty incredible. You sit down and are asaulted by a crew of wait staff serving tea, water, and anything else you need. From my limited expirence the Pho is pretty spectacular and I can't wait for next weekend to go back. The restaurant is very clean and I didn't feel the least bit sketched out eating there.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2009,11/30/2010,288,337,5,8,7>Let me first start off by saying this place should be a 4.5 stars! We have always heard about this place but just never thought about it and that was wrong on our part because it is great!The Mac & Cheese is fantastic! The jambalaya  was great also...This place inside, is just plain...interesting, unique and with the right mix of people could be really fun! Some people may not like the seating but if I were eating in a place like this in NYC I would have gotten to know most of the people around us and we would have had a ball! ( Yes, Portlander's are not as outgoing i guess!) The dessert was also very good! (Mississippi Mud pie!) Our server was fine, didn't offer to get us more drinks and brought us the wrong visa card when he came back with our ticket....Ours was still in his pocket! We will be back....give it a try as I think you will enjoy it!
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/17/2010,11/29/2010,31,55,14,7,7>I like that well drinks are $3.I like that there's a digital jukebox.I don't like that, as I was about to put in a song I really NEEDED to hear at that moment (it starts RA RA RA RA RA RA RA RA RO MA MA), the bartender approached me and told me not to bother because he had already put in hours worth of songs.I mean, it was nice to let me know. But I don't think it's nice for anyone to hog the jukebox, even if they work there. And because it was someone who worked there, I feel a-ok judging the whole place on this experience.So I left.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,11/28/2010,114,31,5,7,9>Vegan. Chinese. Food!Middle of nowhere location (okay not really, but kinda) aside , this place will surely satisfy ANYONE'S craving for Chinese food! They recently kicked the non-vegan cream cheese from their fried crab ragoons and replaced it with a vegan cream cheese making this place FULLY VEGAN! How awesome is that? God I love Portland.My favorite so far is the orange chicken and veggie chicken chow mein. I'm not that thrilled with the "beef" entrees I've tasted though.I'm hoping for a second location on the NE/SE side of town... with delivery! Now that's what I'm talking about!
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,2/24/2012,49,46,14,6,7>If I were a more violent or forward person, I'd probably break in and steal every ounce of baked product and store it away at home where I'd gorge myself on their rolls, pastries, and focaccia until I pass out or the police find me.Best white bread in Portland. or Oregon. or even the WORLD.My true zeal is directed at their chewy flour dusted rolls. They supply the bread to my two favorite food carts, Big Ass Sandwiches and Lardo (omg, Lardo), and their rolls take those sandwiches from great to freaking phenomenal. Their sweets are good, believe me, but I'm in it for the bread. Their onion focaccia is intended to be shared, I've never ever shared it with anyone other than Me, Myself, and my Greedy Tummy, and I've also never felt guilty over it. Ask them to slice up a ciabatta loaf and use it at home to make grilled cheese sandwiches and you will OWN your family - they'll be bent to your evil will and they'll do anything you ask.If you've got time on a Saturday or Sunday morning, head on up, they tend to have live folksy music in the mornings and a variety of yummy breakfast specials.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,2/23/2012,113,90,11,13,12>Slingshot encompasses everything I love about the bars in Portland. Before you walk in, you will presumably meet the smoker crowd who may or may not be crackhead hobos (it's always fun to guess), so your expectations are lowered. However, once you're inside, you've entered in a small haven of dive-bar meets classy diner meets tattoo parlor. The lighting is low, but not annoyingly so low that you're accidentally embracing strange limbs of others. The instant feel of the atmosphere is laid-back, comfortable, and friendly. Though you cannot escape hipsters, they seem far less intrusive to me here than other bars. (I've stocked it up to hipsters being scared of Foster.) If you're lucky and you can get a booth, grab it. They're long, loungy, and luxurious. Also, go hungry. Their mac & cheese is absolutely mouth-watering.. and I'm a mac & cheese snob, as one should be in this town. Also on the awesome list is their fried cauliflower, fries, burgers, and chicken sandwich. When a bar has all my favorite beers on tap plus food that makes my stomach speak a new language, I'm close to using the L word.Adjacent to the loungy booths is a glorious room filled with pool tables, air hockey, more fun classy seating, and if you're lucky, a very lovable bar cat that may or may not be named Scrappy or Mr. Higgensfield. Don't be offended if Mr. Higgs doesn't warm up to you right away.. he's used to the attention. Make it special.This is by far my favorite bar in the surrounding neighborhood. The bartenders are friendly and engaging, it always smells amazing, and will pretty much always satisfy.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2011,2/22/2012,110,230,4,9,4>Burgers, Fries and Helvetica galore (font  joke)They're a bit pricey and kinda tiny but big, filling and delicious!These juicy burgers come with your choice of Tilamook cheddar, Swiss, Chev're , or Blue cheese. Cheddar and Chev're are my personal favorites!The Fries are amazing. They are golden to perfection, not too crisp, not too soggy, with Truffle oil and seasoned. Plus I love the Camdens local condiments, especially the fry dip!Most everything is fresh, local and organic! The staff is nice, I just wish they would get cane sugar sodas in! I highly recommend my new favorite Portland burger joint little Big burger!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,2/21/2012,188,386,15,15,15>Boxed mac & cheese, like a lot of my childhood loves, has gone down the toy-littered path of Things That Just Aren't The Same for Adults. Yet, deep in my heart, there abides a love that keeps these things sacred, so long as I don't revisit them. It's not you, Lik-M-Aid; it's me. I've grown up. My tastes have changed. Can't we just remember the good times and keep it at that?Visiting Mac! I was a little afraid I'd see my old flame and find that its elbows were a little soggier and its once glorious sauce a little watery and worse for wear. Mac! took me by the hand and assured me: I need not fear.Mac! has somehow found a way to recreate every possible version of your staple childhood comfort foods and dress them up for grown-up palates.Miss the Velveeta Shells 'n' Cheese? Try the Classic.Itching for Hamburger Helper? Allow me to recommend Cheeseburger.Prefer Franks with your SpaghettiOs? Ask for Grandma's Mac.And those box pastas that made you think you were gourmet in college? Keep that memory, but step up to the Four-Cheese and kiss your delusions goodbye.Each one is like you remember it, but better. More texture, richer flavor, perfectly cooked everything, and gigantic portions. It's a grown-up meal, but still a kid on the inside. Just like me.Try it, Mikey. I know you go by Michael now, but I promise: you'll like it.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,2/20/2012,301,344,4,17,9>It seems every time I want to check out the Gresham location, my friends always say, "I was there last week" or "I was there yesterday". After much delay, I picked up my friend and headed to downtown Gresham which in much aspect is its own little world. There are plenty of cafes and restaurants to check out, especially one of my favorite Lebanese restaurants in town. We were warmly greeted by the servers and sat towards the back. Mind ya this locale is not very big but wasn't super packed like its original location usually is. Within a couple of minutes the ultra light and flaky pita bread arrived fresh. The dipping sauce gave it a nice buttery texture and zing. Starved I was so we went for the meat mezza platter. It seemed they doubled in size since I've had one last and could easily feed more people if I wanted to share..... The food as always is delicious and filling. The extra hummus spread and yogurt always addicting to my palate. I liked how not all the food arrived all at once. The lamb pastry arrived first then the beef kabob. By the time that arrived I was about to say "game over" and packed the rest up to go. I love the staff too. They never once rushed us out the door which has happened in the past with the original location. They occasionally came by just to chat with us about the various discussions we were having with school and upcoming festivals in town. I certainly felt welcoming throughout my entire visit. It may be a ways out but just in case your in the neighborhood, this place certainly lives up to the name Nicholas.
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,2/19/2012,52,78,1,19,8>Today the worst thing happened:  after an extended illness, it was finally time to put my beloved sixteen year old kitty out of his suffering.  This decision was made after months of painful deliberation and finally became the obvious decision;  if you haven't been in this position, I can't quite describe the torrent of emotions that paralyze you when you know it is finally time.Our pets are like family (or better); they live and play with us, they comfort us, and they bring so much unconditional love and acceptance to our lives.  From the minute I arrived at Dove Lewis -- standing outside of the door in a briny puddle of my own making -- I was treated with such incredible compassion, kindness and respect.  Sara saw me outside of the door and ushered me into a calming room with comfortable couches designed expressly for the reason I was there today, and explained my options with such gentleness.   Everyone single person I saw was so understanding, and I felt that they truly cared about both Rufus and me every step of the way.  Rufus died humanely in my arms and I was encouraged to take as much time as I needed before I gave him over to someone else for the last time.The whole thing sucks, there is no way around that, but words cannot express how grateful I am for the compassionate care Rufus received in his final moments at Dove Lewis.  They have lived up to their extraordinary reputation and I would seriously tussle with anyone who claimed otherwise.  Dove Lewis has earned my most sincere gratitude and loyalty.
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2012,2/18/2012,160,387,4,7,7>What it should say on all of the doors into Powell's City of Books:Warning, if you are a first time visitor please take a free map upon entering the store to prevent getting lost, search and rescue teams no longer respond to pleas to locate and recover lost shoppers.Author Talks and Book Signings are what gets me into Powell's City of Books.  From Storm Large to the Yarn Harlot their events are hot.What keeps me inside the store for extended periods of time? It never fails that I find an entire new genre of books, and that is saying a lot as I am a (recovering) third generation bibliophile.  Why I don't have to leave in a hurry? They have a great coffee house right inside the store, who could ask for anything more?
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,2/17/2012,145,218,15,20,16>Sam Eliot, Not just the actor, it's a drink, made with absinthe and rootbeer, and some other things...damn it was tasty.  The place is quite bourbon heavy, which is awesome, because I like bourbon.  The elk burger with the cherry relish or compote, was fantastic, top 5 burger on my list I think.  I want in on that fried egg sandwich. something about beer and eggs sounds perfect.    The happy hour offer is a buck off of most things, except for the specialty cocktails, that's how they get ya... they are tempting as hell!  Most cocktails were in the 6-9 dollar range, with wells and drafts around 4. (i think)Cool place, nice vibe, great order at the bar service, the joint filled up quick, that big patio out front is going to rule this summer.Why not 5 stars you ask??Bar baby.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2011,2/16/2012,111,30,11,7,6>In 10th grade I made a mistake I quickly learned from: once you date someone and then break up, don't ever date them again.  I'm not sure why Aaron Rutter and I broke up (or were ever together in the first place for that matter), but we were a terrible couple who decided to give it more than one go whilst in high school.  It's true what they say - youth is wasted on the young (read "kids are dumb")... and it was.Since then, I've had several opportunities to get back together with ex's but have learned from my childhood mistakes and have not-so-respectfully declined the offer.That being said - I did it again but this time it worked!First - to make it clear - Jeremiah and I have never dated or anything, I just like my intros to be colorful.I guess I never technically ever broke up with Jeremiah, I've just never returned to the same massage therapist.  I've always gone, enjoyed and then tried a new person next time or have used Groupon or Living Social or one of the other kajillion sites there are for deals now.  Not now, not ever again!The skinny - Holy crap Jeremiah is amazing!  From another review, you can see that he works flawlessly with people who have been injured.  I myself had a pinched nerve in my upper back area that was just torture.  His initial massage made that feel better but he suggested I go to a chiropractor, which I then did.  Between Jeremiah, the chiropractor and my personal trainer I am back and am even better than when I initially went in.  Miracle Worker I tells ya!Aside from treating injury clients though, Jeremiah just gives a damn good massage.  I'm fully rehabilitated and can now just genuinely enjoy his touch and technique.  Regardless of how well he knows me now, he still begins each session by asking me what condition I'm in, what area needs the most focus, where my stress is and how I'm feeling.  Once more - he actually executes accordingly (read - "Like a BOSS").  I've had many massage therapists ask me all those questions and then just go about doing what they do to everyone.  Not Jeremiah {insert choir "hallelujah" here}.What's slightly off-putting but doesn't matter - although he practices massage therapy at different professional venues, his own practice is out of his and his fiancée's home.  There really isn't any signage or anything out front so when you book a massage and go to some dude's house to take off your clothes and have him rub oil/lotion on you, it can be a little intimidating (unless you're into that kind of thing).  Relax, you're in good hands.  As soon as he opens the door he works to make sure you're relaxed and are comfortable with your surroundings and everything else.  That being said, he's currently looking for commercial space to work out of so this post may be irrelevant in a couple of months.Long story epic, Jeremiah is the best massage therapist I've ever gone to which is why I continue to go back.  I've even foregone the aforementioned and very enticing Groupon and Living Social deals for cheap massage therapy because of my loyalty.  And that says a lot as I have "shiny ball" syndrome.  I assure you - Jeremiah is the shiniest ball... wait... okay make that last part work and then go to him.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,2/15/2012,63,51,12,10,8>I really can't complain about El Gaucho.  My man friend and I went here for some happy hour.  It has to be one of the most expensive happy hours in Portland but it was worth every penny!  The steaks are delicious and perfectly cooked (everyone knows that) but I came here for the baked potato.  I know how ridiculous that sounds but HOLY COW, they make the best baked potato!  The baked potato comes out on a plate, the butter on another plate, the scallions on another plate and the cheese sauce in a gravy boat.  The waiter comes by and asks, "How would you like your potato?"  I told homeboy to load it up with EVERYTHING.  He works his magic with his knife and fork.  He slices the potato, fluffs it with his fork and knife and adds the butter.  When the potatoes have thoroughly been fluffed, he adds the cheese sauce and the scallions.  This guy has some serious potato fluffing magic.  This potato fluffer can fluff my potatoes anytime he wants.  We also ordered the steak frites and pan fried oysters.  Everything was cooked perfectly.  The steak came out medium rare and evenly cooked all around.  It has to be the tastiest top sirloin I've ever had.  The oysters were battered perfectly (lightly) and the insides were sweet and tender.  The fried oysters practically melts in your mouth.Funny moment of the experience:The man friend needed to use the restroom so he asks one of the hosts where the restroom was.  The kind hostess extended her elbow for him to hang on to while she escorted him.  He had one of those OMG moments.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2012,4/6/2012,241,429,10,20,16>There's cheap, fast and good.  You can normally pick two, but haircuts at Bella are $4, so I advise patience.It would also help to know what you want. My follicular ignorance tries experienced barbers and the poor girl I drew needed the support. I was the first guy's hair she'd cut who she wasn't related to.  So it was a good thing I'm patient.For the results oriented, three separate people told her she was doing or did a good job and I left feeling more satisfied than I ever had from a Bishop's cut. It took an hour but it's a school!Bonus: I got to understand some of the techniques of cutting hair.  As fellow skilled labor I enjoyed that.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,4/5/2012,184,178,10,14,13>Today was the day I finally decided to check out Built to Grill so I picked up Todd P. for a late afternoon lunch to see what all the fuss was about.  Do you know what I discovered? That I have a perfectly good reason to not care if this review gets lost in the other 250! After our experience I feel obligated to praise the proprietor Brooke and speak about his talents. Not to mention show my support for a mutual Floridian who also traveled West in order to follow his heart. So how does one define a great food experience? This one starts with a chef of 25 years who believes in great service, respects his customers and shows an incredible passion for what he does. Next sprinkle in some character and love and it's easy to see how these qualities are translated right into your food. We stood looking over the menu where I found myself torn between the penne a la vodka, a childhood favorite and the gnocchi, a dish that usually helps me determine the overall food quality at any Italian restaurant. However I quickly made a detour as I zeroed in on a staple from my birthplace, the Italian beef sandwich. Check out my picture if you need a visual aid, otherwise think peperoncini spiked a jus soaked sirloin with lightly charred roasted peppers, melted mozzarella and crunchy pickled vegetables, all piled high on crusty but soft ciabatta bread. Oh my I didn't even know one existed here in Portland but I longed to sample it so I could kiss my juicy fingers and extend my praise as I yelled out magnifico!Brooke saw me getting into position to devour this blissful, beefy sandwich and offered a word of advice "hey Dan lean back that thing has some serious juice". Hell yes I said, I mean it's not a true Italian beef unless it coats your shirt. When I wasn't stuffing my face with tasty beef I was busy talking to Brooke about his operation. I enjoyed learning about his journey, how he got started and how his presence grew throughout Portland. Afterwards I stood leaning against the cart completely satisfied by the best beef I had ingested for a mere $7. Suddenly he asked something that immediately perked up my ears, would you guys like to try some gnocchi? Um, I'm practically stuffed but if you must twist my arm off! A few minutes later he placed a half portion of gnocchi between us with two forks exclaiming on the house. Hot damn was it good the gnocchi were larger than most about the size of medium grape tomatoes and as soft as down feather pillows. This delicate dough was enhanced by the perfect amount of sauce, fresh basil and shaved parmesan. It was so good and definitely better than sharing spaghetti because we may have ended up reenacting a scene from lady and the tramp. To my surprise Todd P. had never even tried gnocchi before, so this was a great place to pop his potato pasta inspired cherry!Obviously people are going to be drawn to quality but at this stand it's not just from the food, so it's easy to see what inspires B2G's popularity. As I threw in the towel he told us about how he likes to meet his customers demand by taking suggestions. I thought this was a unique opportunity to submit my own selfish request, so I asked if he'd ever consider serving veal which seems impossible to find. To my delight his response was something like I make a mean veal parmesan. Sprinkle it with tears Brooke because I can't wait to see it on the menu!
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2011,4/4/2012,244,207,3,6,7>So very, very delicious.  This place is worth the drive all the way from Vancouver, and we have found ourselves making the trek a number of times this summer.  There is NOTHING this good up in the 'Couve. I love the Chicken Mango and Beef Curry from the specials board.  Unfortunately, because I love them so much, I have a hard time branching out and trying any other entrees.  Luckily, we have brought a number of visitors to Jade, so I've snuck bites of a number of delicious meals.  I particularly liked the Cashew Chicken and steamed pork buns.  Whle you are there, be sure to pick up some dessert.  The almond cookie and sesame ball were tasty.  I didn't love the s'mores cookie, but the other chocolate cookie I ordered was fabulous.  Wish I could remember what it was... Besides the fantastic food, enough can't be said about the stellar service.  No matter who has been working, we have had perfect experiences time and again.
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,4/3/2012,87,106,6,11,10>So is holiday shopping stressful or what?  Not only do I have to get something for everyone on my nice list, but this year I've decided to step it up and buy local gifts whenever possible. After doing some research online I decided to venture to Betsy & Iya's to find something unique and "Portland-y" without being over the top.  This place was perfect.The first thing that is awesome about Betsy & Iya is that they are located on NW Thurman.  It's a huge relief not having to fight (or pay) for a parking space.  Second, their hours rock my socks off.  They are open until 7 PM, which can be rare when it comes to local boutique shops.  I had already seen something online and I was anxious due to a mailing deadline so I let the guy working there know this, but I was afraid maybe it was only available for online purchase or in limbo somewhere unattainable to me.  Actually, no!  He offered to have them make me this necklace (the Glowing Isis necklace) right on the spot.  Not only that, but he made it clear that I was under no pressure at all to buy the piece if it wasn't what I wanted.  Well, it didn't matter anyway because I still walked out there with the necklace.  Once I saw it in person I knew it would make the perfect gift.  Here's the real reason Betsy & Iya is so great: each piece has so much personality and you can appreciate the amount of patience, creativity, and balance Betsy puts into her work.  I love the use of vintage pieces.  Needless to say, the recipient of the necklace loved her gift and said she felt like a goddess wearing it, which is exactly what I had hoped.  I know that it will be cherished for years to come.If you aren't convinced yet, Betsy & Iya offers other items in addition to jewelry, such as a lavender bath scrub that smells divine, some clothing (although not much), trinkets that would make great stocking stuffers , beautiful wallets for men and women, along with jewelry made by others.  If you're feeling overwhelmed with what to get for that special lady in your life (whether its mother, sister, girlfriend, wife, mistress, whatever), the employees are really friendly so don't be afraid to ask for help. This was a great way to start my holiday shopping and I can't wait to return to get something for others and for myself - a girl can treat herself right?
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,4/2/2012,258,331,5,11,9>Bravo. Again...BRAVO. I eat meat and I eat vegan / vegetarian. I eat it all, as long as it's A+. And Blossoming Lotus is A PLUS. I went there for the first time last week and got the $19 sampler plate and it was worth every penny. Raw falafel wraps with tomatoes and cashew sour cream, pizza with sautéed portobellos on a raw tomato / walnut crust, almond cheese that rivaled chevre, a superb kale / seaweed salad, apples, cukes and other little delights. I had enough for lunch the next day, too. I also got to sample my dining companion's vegan nachos and zucchini pasta. For dessert we had raw fudge, pomegranate cheesecake and an apple crumble with homemade cinnamon ice cream. Folks, all of this was Live, Vegan, Gluten Free and Soy Free. Believe it. Go.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,4/1/2012,97,506,6,11,9>There are only two words needed to understand what is important about Bipartisan Cafe: Berry. Pies. Really, that's it. If Bipartisan Cafe were nothing more than a food cart selling their berry pies, that would be all they would need in order to be bad-ass. Yesterday I stopped in to grab a slice of pie after lunch at Observatory, with the idea of making it my dessert after dinner. And what a glorious pie it was. Triple Berry Pie. When I saw it in the case, I bought one with a quickness, and didn't even ask which 3 types of berries were inside before I bought it.  After having had a killer slice of marionberry pie here some months back, I didn't need to know what kind to know it was going to be heaven on a plate. And it was. I even made a point of pulling it out of the to-go box and onto an actual plate, and eating it with a real fork, because that's how much respect I have for their pies. What are you waiting for? Get yourself over to Bipartisan! You know you need a slice of pie today.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,3/30/2012,509,364,7,13,10>Upscale Italian restaurants are ubiquitous in the Pearl but Giorgio's has always seemed to be the sleeper: the unobvious spot whipping up Northern Italian cuisine with French and Northwest influences. Upon arrival, my coat was hung by the maître d' who continued to attend to us for the entire dinner with the exception of the chef, Peter Schuh, who delivered the dishes. Service on roids!Justin and I started out with a soup/salad. I ordered the chestnut soup since I've never had it before. It did not disappoint - robust, rich and earthly. Justin ordered the salad, which came perfectly mounded in a balancing act of salty roe, cream and crisp, water bursting lettuce. It was a carefully prepared, with small enough bites to get a little bit of everything all at once, besides the cheese snowflake, of course. I was thrilled to see the bread basket served with Oregon extra virgin olive oil. This is always exciting, since Oregon has recently started to produce olive oil. I suppose they could have gone with an Italian olive oil and probably cut costs, so it's great to see a restaurant splurge for the good local stuff. For our mains, I chose the Cinderella Pumpkin Black Truffle Ravioli which came with the same truffle foam that the soup had. Foam kind of grosses me out, but this was an exception. The house-made raviolis were delicate and everything about the innards was screaming fresh. Justin selected the highly acclaimed pappardelle with wild boar ragu, which was pure comfort with hits of cinnamon. God I love eating ugly animals.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2011,3/29/2012,194,499,25,24,22>OK so I really blew this one first time around.After about the third insult directed at me and the fourth insult to my palate, I became a little concerned, not that I would admit it. Maybe we had tried the restaurant a little too early when they were still finding their bearings? By the hundredth five star rating I figured I better go see what we missed. My lordy, we had a fine meal! We gave the lentil soup a whirl around the dance floor first. It seemed pretty standard stuff until you had a little more; cardamom lurking around in there, the added lemon that is provided, the oil floated on the top of the soup, a little smoky paprika perhaps? I'm probably getting them all wrong, but I love a dish that leaves me searching for descriptions; I think it is the result of a fine cook that has a seasoning hand and discretion that is so fine.We wanted to order the samusa, but they were out, so we had their spinach pie. More of a savory folded flatbread like a doughy pita with the spinach and lemon flavoring inside. It was a little disappointing, though not bad. After this came our lamb gyros which were almost the size of a loaf of Wonder Bread. We were so concerned to make sure the damn thing came with the spicy garlic sauce that we did not consider the possible addition of feta, which would be perfect with this. The tart of the cheese would have countered some of the richness in flavor of the sauce, though the wrap was more than fine without.The spicy garlic sauce could bring world peace if all peoples had access to Gyro House.On the way out I snatched some of the moshabak. Think a light funnel cake crispy slathered in a rose water infused honey sprinkled with crushed pistachios. I nibbled on it at every red light heading home. My steering wheel is available for tastings if anyone would like to try it. It's delightful.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,3/28/2012,28,135,9,13,7>I had just got back from a trip to Mexico in March.  While I was in Manzanillo (more like Santiago), a group of us went to Lulu's for something called Sopes (not Sopa...different).  I had the Barbacoa and the Carnitas Asadas.  Wow!  What are these?  Little puffy disks of corn magic filled with meat and a wide choice of lime, cilantro, salsa, and onions.  Top it with a little queso fresca...and of course, a bottle of Sol.  Man, that was some of the best food.  Been craving it ever since.Fast forward 3 weeks and there is an accident on I5, so my trip from Lebanon was diverted through Woodburn.  My co-worker suggested Mexican food, as there are some pretty good selections.  We stopped at Luis's, as it had some stellar reviews.Walk in, and I felt like I had been transported back to Mexico...minus the 80 degree weather.  Looking at the menu choices...holy frijoles!  They have sopes!  Gotta have it!  And Mexican coke!  Gotta have it!  Tres sopes, por favor!We were in a hurry so we got it to go.  I got in the car to start eating mine...and back I went to Mexico.  Everything around me seemed to fade into a pork-laden corn and lime haze.  I was instantly in my happy place.  I didn't want to leave, and each delicious bite reminded me of that wonderful time I had, sitting on the beach, drinking a beer, and letting the waves crash in the background.  Now everytime I head to Salem or beyond, I am making a point to return...even if the weather stays sucky around here, I know my sunshine will return.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,3/27/2012,38,67,11,12,9>I went here last week on a date! It was a blind date set up by the internets and the guy I went with suggested it and even sent me a link from Yelp to see if I'd be into it. The reason why I mention the date isn't because I'm bragging, but because it's a great place for a first date or even just a general hang out with your super cool friends kind of place.First of all, I am not super familiar with the happenings of SE because it can sometimes be a pain in the ass to get there from where I live and I'm really too lazy to make that much of a plan. But because said date lived in said SE, I took this opportunity to explore a new place. And I liked it and felt it fit well with the whole SE scheme of bars and restaurants. Because it was fairly quiet (but got busier as the night went on), it was easy to talk and relax. However, it wasn't so dull that you didn't get a good amount of people-watching in. The crowd was way cooler than I was (always happens to me when I go to the SE) and that night seemed to be full musicians from pretty famous bands. I don't know if I just hit the right night or what!The atmosphere is dark, but not darrrrrrrrk. It's clean, crisp, and stylish. I didn't have the food and my drinks were on the weak side (weak sauce), but overall I was super pleased with my experience... and my date, in case you were wondering.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,5/13/2009,61,77,12,16,12>i love thai food. thai food thai food thai food. here it goes down, down into my belly.i mean really, i make a meal of it almost once a week. i have easy access to it, there's a restaurant in the building where i work (dangerous!)... but really i can't afford to eat out this much.UNLESS: i hop on over to the food cart plex at 9th and alder!i love thai serves up heaping helpings, everything on the menu is $5. so heaping that it's enough for two meals. so that's only $5 to stuff my face TWICE! my favorite thing to get is the spicy eggplant. it's served with rice and is super tasty, spicy but not too spicy. eggplant can be easily undercooked, or overcooked and flavorless- but every time i've gotten it at i love thai, it's been cooked to perfection.caution, though, you're going to want to dive right in, but wait a few minutes for it to cool down our you will scald you taste buds! that's never fun, trust.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,5/12/2009,74,37,12,13,11>Maybe it's the Dubbel Whammy speaking, but man oh man do I adore this place. It's an uber simple concept: Beer + Patio +Grill + Sun = Utter Contentedness. The fact that this place consistently happens to provide the best beer in town (can you say Copacetic??) brings it up a couple of notches. They re-did their patio in the last year to add a ton more seating and neat little bar where you can stand and chat. It's often way crowded, especially on those magical Portland days where the sun comes out for the first time in a long while, but the patrons there are so sweet (or super friendly drunk) and they are usually willing to scoot over and offer you half a picnic table. The crowd that the place attracts consists of surprisingly diverse social groups and nearly always provides some sort of entertainment, even if only in quality people watching action. I always tell myself that I'm not going to eat there, that I want something fancier and yet I nearly always end up pigging out there anyways. Something about downing a few beers with the smells of a grill constantly drifting past my nose ALWAYS manages to change my mind. And it's a quality sausage sandwich, for sure. Smothered in kraut with a six pack of mustards to choose from. Not too shabby, but certainly not fancy. Oh! And there's a dog! That sits in a lawn chair! Bonus!Everyone there is usually just so. damn. happy. Like smiling ear to ear, happy to be in the sun, with good folks, drinking fantastic beer kinda happy. Or maybe I'm just thinking of me?
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,5/11/2009,56,95,4,13,13>Well, today was the day of the much anticipated opening of the Grilled Cheese Grill! And let me be the first ( or second) one to tell you that this place was ran like it had been open for years. The staff was very friendly and organized while serving up some hot delicious grilled cheese creations. As you make your order, you are handed a wrestling 1980's trivia card or a garbage pail kids card with your order name. Well, mine was "The Pile Driver" which only seemed appropriate. As you wait inside an amazingly decorated old school bus turned dining hall, you are seated at tables with the most embarrassing school photos plastered all over the tables. The traditional school bus seats are turned to face each other booth style, and you can even get your photo snapped in the drivers seat as you wait. All of a sudden, as I was glancing over some speckley faced kids photo,  I hear over the loud speaker... "Pile Driver, Pile Driver... orders up." I come back with the Hot Brie (or maybe it was spicy brie??) all buttered up on some rice bread (cause I'm special). This sandwich was packed to the gills with brie, mozzarella, fresh tomatoes, spicy mustard, and roasted red peppers. Good Jesus! Now that is what I call a freakin grilled cheese! However, all of my friends ordered other amazing creations. One of which was the dessert sandwich called the Jaime. Imagine... marscapone cheese, nutella spread, and grilled bananas all sealed together with two slices of cinnamon swirl bread (or pecan cinnamon for the wheat free folks). Can I just say: HEAVEN!! All in all an amazing experience for little cash. Welcome to Alberta Street, Grilled Cheese Grill. I think you will fit in just fine!
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,5/10/2009,59,47,12,11,9>Really, I would like to give this place three and a half stars but as with my checkbook, I always round up.  So I pretty much have one friend in Portland (Alice), and we pretty much go to North 45 all the time.  Last night we decided it was getting ridiculous and that we should venture someplace else.  The husband had braved sushi with me earlier in the day, so I cooked him a giant dinner which I sampled so I really just wanted drink, snack and possibly dessert.  I was not disappointed with any of the above.  I had the "purple haze" as my beverage.  It tasted just like Welches grape juice but a little tarter.  Yes, that is a good thing in my book.  Alice had a kiwi margarita which looked good, but I didn't sample.  We split the cheese fondue which came with bread, apples and asparagus.  Yum.  The fondue was made with Gruyere and some kind of blu cheese, which meant it was perfectly salty.  For desert we shared the creme brule with shortbread cookies.  We split it 60/40 which is why my ass is fatter than Alice's.  It was super eggy which I like in a creme brule.  Shortbread was decent, but not as good as my mom's, but that is not really a fair gage of shortbread.  Really, my mom's shortbread is awesome.  Can I review that someplace?Service was really good.  Why only 3 and a half stars?  The scene.  It was a "scene."  Full of beautiful people who know they are beautiful.  Eh.  So, a good place for a meal, but not a good place to hang out.  We ended up heading to North 45 for the "hanging out" portion of our evening.  It's a vicious cycle.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2009,5/9/2009,36,146,6,7,7>This is for the Bar, not the restaurant, though they are connected.Small but passable beer selection.  Overly sweet dirty martini.  Totally rad taco omelette and hashbrowns.We were there for game one of the NBA playoffs and had a good time.  The crowd was excited about the game, but not overly raucous.  It was a pretty good experience overall (except the loss to the Rockets :P ).
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2009,5/8/2009,109,170,16,25,21>One word: service!Ok, now more words:  I went to go see Coraline in 3D at Bridgeport Village and had about 45 minutes 'till showtime.  My dining companion and I were starving due to a series of unfortunate events, and I was worried that I would not have a good birthday dinner.  So, after stumbling around Bridgeport, which I worried would house more "more money, less quality" places like McCormick's and such, I just rolled the dice and chose the restaurant closest to the theater.As soon as I walked in, I was already put off.  The entire place was packed!  Turning to leave, resigned to a 2 hour movie with no relief for mah tummy in sight, I opened the door and put one foot on the sidewalk."Sir?" came a voice from behind us.  "If you're still hungry, I have a table right here for you!"I turned back around and saw a waitress with a pleasant smile gesture towards a table that I am almost certain was not there moments before.  Intrigued by Pastini's magical tables, we allowed her to seat us.  Glancing at my cell, I noticed we had 42 minutes until showtime."Are you here to see a show?" she asked, as if reading my mind. "Yes," I said, "starts at 10:10.""Oh, well let's get you guys fed!" she smiled again, and took our drink ordered, returning almost instantly to take our food order.  Within five minutes, our food was at the table, piping hot and absolutely delicious!I had the three cheese tortelini in gorgonzola sauce, which was in massive quantity (too much for even me to eat!) and very flavorful.  The sauce had a delicate texture and sat well with the pasta, and was even better when soaked up by the complimentary house bread!  Pastini of Bridgeport Village saved my birthday dinner...not only was the service spot-on and uber-friendly (she was there within moments to take away our plates and even faster with the check!) but the food was surprisingly good for an area known more for its ability to over-charge the more gullible shoppers who happen by.  They get high marks from me and my dining companion (whose salad, I am told, was absolutely perfect!)Thank you, Pastini!  Your performance has stolen my snark and replaced it with love!  (for now!)
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,5/7/2009,70,87,8,17,14>A friend of mine was eating at Red Robin one time when the kids from Little People, Big World came in to eat at a table near my pal, camera crew and all. With the exception of the Washington Square Mall location, I like Red Robin just fine. But I can't help to wonder why these kids would go there when just around the corner from their beautiful farm is a burger joint that so many people drive (or peddle) many miles to enjoy. Helvetia Tavern serves up really good burgers. Nicely seasoned, and huge. And I am talking about the standard burger. The Jumbo is too big for this jumbo to handle. I must say, though, in addition to the shredded lettuce (would prefer the whole leaf) the juicy tomato, and cheese, adding bacon or ham is always a good choice. Especially the ham. Too bad they don't also offer a fried egg. The fries and rings are extremely oily and overly salted, which makes them completely delicious. The fries are pretty limp, but if you like them crispier, they will double dip 'em if you ask. The atmosphere is great! Nice and cozy, a hat covered ceiling, great service, surrounded by pretty farm country.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,5/5/2009,171,101,46,28,29>POR QUE NO: :La Bonita!? Is that you?...Oh heeey! didn't expect to see you here! Ohmigosh! Hola!LA BONITA: Hola! POR QUE NO: Right. Hola. I said that. Annnnyways--LA BONITA: ?Coma' estas? Bein? (long pause)POR QUE NO: Uhhh....LA BONITA:  Pros'pero ano nuevo!POR QUE NO:  Dude. Come on you know I don't really speak Spanish! This is just part of my cool look. But who cares? Did you try my guacamole? Holy Crap. So effin' good.La Bonita stares. looks perplexed. blinks.LA BONITA:  ¿Qué quieres decir?quiere decir que usted no está realmente en español?POR QUE NO:  Come on man, work with me here! I may not speak your language, but I make amazing tacos WITH organic ingredients, dude.LA BONITA: Si. But so do I, friend. And not only do I make great tacos with lots of natural meats and veggies all grilled up real nice, but I also make them using traditional recipes. A little less California version than you, bro.POR QUE NO: How dare you! I'm a Portland institution!LA BONITA: No disrespect to you, my friend. You're tiny space with pretty lights always gets me romantical. No shit. I'm just sayin' I'm the real deal. Family run. I KNOW my stuff, I know how to slow cook some meat and I know how to rock the gauc too. POR QUE NO: Well...okay...I'll be honest. I love your al pastor tacos and beans. Oh those, beans! They have such a great taste to 'em!LA BONITA: Dude. I know! And the price isn't too bad. POR QUE NO: Hahaha. We'll it's not GREAT.LA BONITA: Okay, but not terrible! POR QUE NO: True. (pause) Oooh hey! I found my trusty "Hipsters guide to Spanish"! It's pocket sized and it looks like a cute little purple comp book! LA BONITA: Oh, that's not necessary, bro. Seriously. I'm bilingual. We cool.POR QUE NO: No no no. Here we go...Muchos Gusta Encantado! What's with all the upside down question thingys?LA BONITA: Sigh.POR QUE NO:  Mi aerodeslizador está lleno de anguilas!...wait...what does that mean?LA BONITA: My hovercraft is full of eels.  Maybe skip the book.POR QUE NO: Okay.LA BONITA: Louie, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship.(long pause)POR QUE NO: Wait so...who's Louie?LA BONITA: Maybe you shouldn't talk so much.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,5/4/2009,81,196,7,9,8>The more often I come, the more other experiences fail to step up to the level of cuisine and service I'm pretty much always guaranteed at Trebol. It has become my favorite restaurant of all time, but much more than that; it has become a second home, and the crew, family. I spend all of my holidays here. And every time I turn up, the entire group -- Kenny, Mike, Justin, Tony, Jenny, and Rocky -- come over to say hi.Kenny or Mike always puts a bonus nibblie in front of me and His Goatness shortly after we're seated -- just because. A fabulous, exquisite nibblie. I always leave groaning with the amount of food I've consumed.I'm here often enough I'm starting to have dreams starring Santo. That worries me, a bit.If I should suddenly acquire a fairy godmother, I'd ask for Kenny's and Mike's mad kitchen skills. Honestly, not only is the food creative, elegant, perfectly spiced and seasoned, succulent and tender, gorgeously presented, generously portioned, and manufactured with the finest local ingredients, not only does it feed my hungers spectacularly, but it feeds my soul.I love creative food. I love a willingness to experiment. I have eaten my share of not-quite-right taste explorations, presented by the most avant-garde of chefs. Kenny and Mike put things together that were destined to be soulmates, but somehow, never met before. They have defined -- and redefined -- perfection for me. Bar none, the best food I have ever eaten. It's like they know telepathically what my tastebuds want.But damn, I have GOT to stop coming to their affordably-priced wine or tequila-paired dinners... I drink so much I'm a staggering babbling idiot by the time I leave.The Valentine's day wine-paired dinner featured Grochau winery's offerings, all of which were pleasant, palatable and quite potable. The succulent, savory breaded fried oyster that started the meal was the nicest I've ever eaten, even though I'm usually a raw oyster kind of gal.Smooth cauliflower soup with cilantro oil and piquantly spiced roasted pumpkin seeds: nutty, mild, and perfectly balanced.The prawns... O god, the prawns. Best. Ever. Just enough smoky grilled flavor, tender, juicy, phenomenal spices. Wild rice pilaf with that perfect sensual pop in the mouth that good wild rice has. It left me nearly speechless.The skirt steak was so tender it could be cut with a fork, in that smoky tangy mouth-wateringly pungent sauce... the root veggies were so naturally sweet they were almost candied in their own juices, and the perfect complement to the rich meat.Dessert was the best flan I've ever eaten. Delicate orange and creamy caramel. Tender as the dreams of childhood.Maybe I'll make it for brunch, next...
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2009,5/3/2009,71,113,12,11,10>How did it escape my notice that VISO is a local Portland thing? This sh*t is bananas, people (and yet, I don't think banana is featured in any of the flavors).  The diet VISOs are some kind of crazy liquid magic: a giant bottle of zero-calorie vitamins + caffeine that doesn't taste like cotton candy scraped off the floor of a chemical processing plant (like so many other energy drinks).
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/7/2013,161,578,8,7,7>Well, as I mentioned in my last review, I've been introduced to this place by having a massage just upstairs from it.  In the hallway of the massage area you can smell all the wonderful items baking so why not, after a massage get one of these tasty confections to go?I started out going to get two cinnamon rolls and well the next thing I knew I was buying a full six pack of items to go in a box and about $25 later I was out of there.  Tasty stuff but definitely not for an every day type of situation.  I would say try the cinnamon rolls out.  They are like a cupcake only a cinnamon roll.  People say to try them warmed up.  I haven't done that yet but I certainly would in the future.I swore I would try and be careful with this place but I've been back a couple of times already.  Definitely worth the trip.I understand they have gluten free items as well.  I haven't tried those but I'm sure they are very tasty.I'm sure I'll be back again.
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/6/2013,87,106,13,14,14>Ah memories.  When I moved to Portland, I didn't know anybody!  I would wander through downtown alone and spend my evenings digging through the CDs here.  I'd put on a pair of the enormous headphones and listen to the latest albums or staff recommendations.  They used to be open until midnight so I would first go to Powell's (open til 11), then wander over here and eventually make my way back to St. Johns on the 4 late into the night.Then one day, it happened.  Alex L. was peeking at me through the large windows on West Burnside; somewhere between the Electronica and Rock section, we fell in love. From that moment on, the soundtrack to our relationship has varied from low-fi indie to gangsta rap (okay, mostly gangsta rap) and I know that whatever phase we're moving through, Everyday Music has the tunes to match.  As the worlds becomes more digital, I find myself placing sentimental value on the more tangible items like books and CDs.  In particular, I was given a record player for my birthday this year (can you guess from who??) and I know that Everyday Music will play a huge role in building my record collection and even more memories.  There's an entire half of the store devoted to records - it's ridiculous.  They even sell wooden crates so I can look hip and impress people with my hoarding.  Aside from the sappy feelings I've attached to this place, Everyday Music has always been my go-to place for music shopping.  You don't have to be afraid of the staff here, they don't follow the pretentious stereotype and will talk music with you at the counter.  If you wake up one day realizing your 14 year old self did not like very good music, Everyday Music will pay cash on the spot for those horrible CDs that you've been hiding from house guests.  Not very much mind you, but it's less hassle than selling them online for a penny. And no one will ever know how much you loved emo music.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,1/5/2013,200,109,12,11,11>This is a hidden gem for three reasons:1. It is ever-so-slightly off the main drag of NE Glisan, in an unassuming building in an unassuming part of the city.2. It's in what some people consider "deep" East Portland.*3. It lacks the hipster pretension, high prices, long lines and crappy attitude so many places need to have in order to reach "well-known" Portland status.In my little world, that makes Bui a triumvirate of AWESOME. The tofu and accompanying treats are top-notch, made-from-scratch, and will make a tofu-eater out of even the most die-hard meat fans. A selection of reasons I love this place:- Delicious, crunchy, fresh-fried spring rolls- Perfectly spicy lemongrass tofu- Perfectly perfect a zillion other kinds of tofu- An assorted rainbow of rices- That delicious gooey brightly colored Asian dessert stuff (no, I don't know what it's made out of or what it's called, just that it's tasty, OK?)- Friendly, helpful folk behind the counterBAM. You like tofu? You like deliciousness? You like sunshine, rainbows and shiny happy people holding hands? You should go here.Atmosphere notes: This is more of a deli than a diner, so don't come expecting table service. Take your haul home or on a stroll around the 'hood and enjoy your noshes.* Some people use the phrase 'Deep East Portland' to mean "The parts of Portland where non-white and/or poor people live, and Pearlites fear to tread. Mercy!" We cultured people of the internet are not interested in their skewed senses of direction, inflated senses of self-worth, or pearl-clutching restaurant choices, now, are we?
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/4/2013,53,188,5,12,10>SO Yeah,  I work in the Great MULTNOMAH VILLAGE!!!!This place is DEFINITELY my new fave.  I went there every day this week.  I noticed a tip on YELP stating this place had great burgers for CHEAP.  This Shocked me.  I had NO idea they did cafe food.I'm a burger girl. So, I bit.I have walked into John's Marketplace a time or two for a soda.  Once I needed some deodorant!!!  No joke.  They have a little bit of everything.I guess what they have the most of are Beer and Wine!!!! Massive amount and HUGE selection.  You can even order a KEG if you want.So, once I walked passed the deodorant and soda  I made it to this funny little counter with a chalk board cafe menu!!!!!!   I'm not sure I would have ordered anything here, if I hadn't seen the review on YELP.  The first day I ordered the Burger with Bacon.  It was less than $3!!!!!!! WOW.  Totally worth it!!!!  It came with Lettuce and Tomato!!! I will SO order it again!!!  The guy at the counter stated the KILLER TURKEY sandwich is even better.  The KILLER TURKEY comes with Bacon Cheese Tomato and Lettuce!!!! It is as BIG as your head and comes on Killer Bread!!!! If you don't know what that it is you can google it.  Even Better is that it's only$5!!!!!!!!!  Next major Kudo is that the guy makes it super fast.  So, I can get back on way to work!!!!!!I SO LOVE this place!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,1/3/2013,100,167,5,19,11>Having been stuck in standby hell at the Phoneix Sky Harbor for 9 hours, I have developed a new found appreciation for PDX.  Really, you never know how good an airport is until you have to suffer in a really BAD one!  PDX is small enough that you don't get lost, and it doesn't take 30 minutes to get to your gate (ahem, IAH...).  There are also plenty of great food options.  I find that a lot of airport food is overpriced crap slapped in some fancy looking bistro, but PDX comes correct with the likes of Rogue Brewery.  Of course there's the Made in Oregon store, so you can take your loved ones a unique gift like some tillamook cheese or a lumberjack shirt.  And it wouldnt be a little slice of Portland without Powell's!  I'm honestly shocked there aren't plans to put a Voodoo Donut's in there, since that's what tourists seem to flock to in Portland. Another plus are the leather chairs with the power outlets in them.  To me, in our mobile day and age, this should no longer be considered a luxury, but a requirement.  There are still lots of airports that do not have this (PHX).  Of course I will be back, time and time again :)
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,1/2/2013,457,356,12,18,14>I had never been so excited to go to school in my whole life.  For my birthday The Wife and the Mother in Law had teamed up to get me a smoker grill to compliment my gas grill and a seven hour class with the NW BBQ and Grilling School.  Ladies, want to make your man really, really happy?  Buy him this class.You arrive at the school to the wafting aroma of wood chips and charcoal as the smokers and grills are all ready to go as you arrive.  Traegers, grills, a big green egg... it's all there, all the best equipment.   After checking in and getting to know your classmates it's into the classroom/kitchen for some "chalk talk" about the basics and then prepping some dishes.  The main lesson that Stu (the instructor) tries to get across to you from the start is that barbecue and grilling are a "concept" and that there are almost no wrong answers.  The answer of the day was, "Yep".How long does that cook for?Yep, it cooks until it's doneHow much cayenne pepper should I put in that sauce?Yep.Should I use hickory wood or applewood or mesquite?Yep.The time went by so fast as we prepped St Louis style ribs two ways, steamed and smoked.  We prepped chicken several ways from beer can style grilled to smoked.  We made our own barbecue sauce and smoked chicken wings.  We made an amazing pulled pork and grilled apples and nectarines and stuffed green peppers.  We grilled sweet potatoes and regular potatoes and spaghetti squash.   Then, at 2:00, we had to do the best part of the school, we ate everything we made.  But is it over?  Hell no!  Bloated from food from drink and in a semi-coma, Stu takes you back out to the grill to show you how make grilled pizza.  The man is a devil.  In between Stu dropped pearls of wisdom on us to make our own personal grilling experience better.  Stu told us the best places to buy our meat, the best thermometers to use, the best liquids for injecting and more importantly, what not to do and use.  If you go you'll be surprised at how laid back it is, and yet how intensely the information comes flying at you from every direction.  You get to bring BYOB and many did, from beer to soda to water to wine, people brought their favorite grillin' beverages.  You can also bring take home containers because let me tell you, you and your classmates are not finishing all that food.  At the end of the class the email you all the "concepts" (recipes) to keep.I ran right home and made grilled pizza's for the Wife, the Mother in Law and the Tax Deduction.  I was a freakin' hero.  Isn't that the way it should be?  A man, grilling for his family.  Next week, pulled pork and grilled potatoes.  Super Bowl at my place, Yeeps!
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,1/1/2013,147,166,20,11,5>You guys thinks Swift is the hipster hell house in this town? You obviously haven't been to Rontoms.A cooler-than-thou crowd occupies this place, and even as a 27 year old, the crowd somehow makes me feel too old to be there. Before I leave my house to meet friends at this place, I check to make sure that my outfit of choice is showing off all of my tattoos BECAUSE, cool Portland girls can't be caught at Rontoms hiding their ink. lol.On the real though, their patio is the best and only reason to go there. It's huge, accomodating, and one of the best hangouts during a sweet PDX summer. I will still grumble every time I walk into this place though, or if one of my friends suggests it for a Friday night drink. Why don't you just shave some steps into my hairline, cut some holes in my tank top, and drag my Converse kicks through the mud a few times for authenticity? For crying out loud.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,12/30/2012,106,368,,10,2>The Fireside Grill is a restaurant/bar that practically came out of nowhere. Few know of its existence yet this new establishment has been rapidly racking up the rave reviews. After a string of five star reviews we decided to give The Fireside Grill a try.The restaurant itself is located on Hall Boulevard near Washington Square. It's a little hard to spot from the street. The Fireside Grill is in a strip mall behind the Beaverton Si Senor/Great China building. As of this writing The Fireside Grill is a bar and according to the sign minors are not allowed anywhere on the premises.The interior is clean, comfortable, and very well decorated. The outdoor patio is superb. The Fireside Grill offers some of the best outdoor dining in Beaverton. Out on the patio is a long table with a fire pit in the middle.On our visit the service was friendly but severely understaffed. One server was running her tail off trying to take care of both the patio and the dining room. Even with help from the chefs and the bar staff it wasn't working. It took forever to receive food and beverages.The beer selection here is excellent. The menu is outstanding. Among the menu selections are burgers, sandwiches, salads, pasta, and main entrees like rosemary chicken. The Fireside Grill even has vegan and vegetarian items on the menu. By golly this is what a bar menu should look like!On our visit we sampled the "Sausage Duo," "The Vesuvius Burger," and "Zee German Burger." The Sausage Duo was two homemade sausages served with mustard. Absolutely delicious. The Vesuvius Burger had jalapeno peppers. It was very aptly named. Our Vesuvius burger was burning and erupting with flavor.Zee German Burger was a  1/2 pound burger topped with two sausages and sauerkraut. It was just as much fun to eat as it was delicious. Both burgers came with homemade potato chips topped with gorgonzola sauce.Get some more help and The Fireside Grill could become one of Beaverton's best dining spots.
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,12/29/2012,550,1055,7,9,8>Olympic Provisions is literally meat lovers dream paradise. We came for lunch and I checked their menu before we head out. At that time, they had a Veggie sandwich which had Tomato Jam, Squash, Cheese, and other veggies. I feel bummed I forgot what other ingredients on this awesome sandwich. I checked it just now, they don't have that sandwich in their menu any longer. It might be a seasonal option. I really hope they will bring it back because it's the only vegetarian friendly item on the menu.I love the sandwich even without the cheese. It was hearty and filled my belly just right. We also ordered the butternut squash soup which was delicious to the last drop.  Service was just okay. Nothing bad and nothing great. We will come by here again when they have veggies sandwiches back on their menu. Till then, I will recommend this place to my meat lovers friends.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/28/2012,24,64,1,11,5>Cicchetti pronounced (chi-KEH-tee) is kinda like the Italian Brother of the more familiar Spanish Tapas. It is localized to Venice, Italy so it's more of a Venetian phenomenon.  Bar alla bomba is a new spot that has taken this form of tapas and presented it to our beloved Portland, OR.Great Beer Tap Selections: Fort George Cavatica Stout, Ninkasi Total Domination IPA, Hales "El Jefe" Wisen, Amnesia Porter, PBR, Birra Moretti Red.Rossini or Bellini - Peach or Strawberry Puree with ProseccoA great Selection of Italian aperitifs / digestifs - Herbal Liquors, Grappa, ect.. With some local Selections as well. Wonderful cocktails, most of which include the Italian Specialty Liquors.This is tapas so the portions are individual or several bites. Depending on how big your mouth is.  You'll want order 3-5 items Prices range from $2-5.There are also Several panini Sandwiches to check out as well. The Teres maggiore con salsa piccante nero (tender beef shoulder with spicy black sauce) was cooked perfectly, very tender with wonderful flavors. Also the panini I had was amazing. Salsiccia di cinghiale con peperone rosso e formaggio di capra (wild boar sausage with red pepper, goat cheese) Had a bit of game flavor to it in a good way. It was balanced with the goat cheese and quite outstanding. There were a few items that I spyed at other tables that I will have try the next time I come back.Check it outGrab a few drinks have a few bites. Nice place to bring a date.Also They are open for Lunch which is a nice option in the area for their sandwiches.Highly Recommended!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,3/8/2010,51,180,9,8,7>For all the years of hanging out between bars on the "Barmuda Triangle" of east Hawthorne Blvd., I've been here twice.  To be honest, I'm usually never inclinded to visit because, in comparison to the bar three doors to the left, it's pretty gross outside with the layer of cigarette butts spread all across their portion of the sidewalk, and even onto the front door.  That, coupled with the fact there's no window to peek in and see what you're getting into,doesn't flip the switch in my mind to tell me, "you know what?  Let's go there this time."A group of close friends encouraged me to walk down and knock back a few beers at "The 'Trough" last night, so, after stalling for a little bit at the aforementioned bar three doors to the left, I decided to enter damn-near-uncharted territory.  And I have to say, it's nicer on the inside than it is outside.The ambiance (funny using that word to describe a dive bar) inside seems to fit the bill of the whole Western-trough thing.  Reminds me of the generic southern Oregon pizza joints that also strive to bring back the wild, wild west theme.  There are plenty of pool tables to be utilized, and video lottery as well.  I was sitting at the bar watching my pals play pool for the most part, so I didn't see what else there was to be had.Ballin' on a budget as usual, my pint cans of Pabst were $1.75, cheaper than most a) Pabst, or b) pint cans on the block.  And I did notice they had a few other beers on tap, bottled, and canned.  (Some malt liquor also.)The bartender was very polite, especially considering she was the only one working there, and business wasn't by any means slow.Some pretty cool knick-knacks on the wall, like an early 90's Trail Blazers/Miller Genuine Draft glass portrait, and a more recent Kasey Kahne Budweiser-NASCAR replica helmet.I will say that I still would not randomly decided to come here by myself, as it's well obvious what bar my loyalty lies at on Hawthorne.  However, if at least five of my friends were here, like they were last night, I'd stop in without hesitation.Keep doin' your thing, 'Trough, maybe I'll come back soon.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,3/7/2010,258,205,10,8,9>I LOOOOOVE that Pambiche has such looooong Happy Hours. That's 2pm-6pm Monday through Friday and from 10pm-close on Fridays and Saturdays. That's like, totally late lunch-able / early dinner-able / my mega meal of the day on the cheap! HOW COULD YOU GO WRONG WITH THAT!? That's right you can't, so that's why you gotta check out Pambiche.Foodies that I likey (and I'm sorry, but the list will grow as soon as I stop eating the same stuff everytime I go there and start trying new foooooodies):Lengua en salsa (pork tongue in a tomato stew)!Pollo frito!MASITAS FUCK YEAH!Empanadas!Mango tart!Maduros!Batidos! 'Specially the spiced banana.ALL OF THE CHOCOLATE DRINKS. Seriously, so good. Mocha whatever, if it says Oaxacan Chocolate, DO IT.Pambiche has a really great atmosphere and attitude that just makes you wanna relax and drink and eat and hang out with your friends. Service is never rushed, yet prompt and friendly. It's even what I may consider...dare I say...CHILL?! Yeah. Definitely cuban cool.
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,3/6/2010,70,87,8,9,11>"The bus came by and I got on, that's when it all began. There was Cowboy Neal, at the wheel, of a bus to Never-Ever Land." -The Other One by Weir/KreutzmannI miss all those good times I had at all those Grateful Dead shows back in the day. I loved the shows themselves, but what I think of when I consume a delicious grilled cheese sandwich next to a bus is the parking lot chaos before the show. We would go hours early and check out the marketplace that would naturally spring up. Amongst the t-shirts, stickers, books, incense, stir fry, burritos, and coolers filled with soda and Capri Suns, the most common item you could find would be a straightforward grilled cheese sandwich from a Coleman grill. Well, at least the most common after nitrous balloons, dime bags, and assorted other black market items. Anyway, a ton of people were slinging grilled cheese sandwiches at shows. They were always good, but the most variety you could find would be cheddar cheese instead of American or whole wheat instead of white. The grilled cheese sandwich is an American classic. Right up there with PB and J, apple pie, and pre-steroid baseball. Almost everyone can appreciate a cheap, tasty, and convenient sandwich that is easily prepared. I make a damn fine one myself. My kids call mine "Daddy's World Famous Grilled Cheese." Well I should say, they used to call it that. I have been dethroned. I had a blast at The Grilled Cheese Grill. I loved everything about it. They offer plenty of variety. I got the Gabby (4 cheese) and restrained myself to only adding chips and ham. That thing was delicious. My family also liked what they got (kids menu grilled cheese and a Kindergartner with tomato). They use plenty of butter and cheese, good bread and toast it up to perfection: A nice crunch that gives way to softness. We sat on comfortable picnic tables (with the exception of my son who couldn't resist sitting in the bus) and enjoyed our sandwiches, not noticing the traffic on Alberta just a few feet away. What we did hear was great: "Buck Williams, your orders up"/"Order up for Macho Man Randy Savage". I love that they use trading cards instead of order numbers to call you. The bus is great. If it weren't so nice out we would have joined our son in there. All the tables have glass over a ton of different pictures of elementary school aged kids. Mostly school portraits and the trading cards you would beg your parents to let you have on little league picture day. They also have a few bottles of bubbles around.  My kids loved that and, I might add, so did the grown ups I saw blowing bubbles.   There are games to play while you wait for your food and great music playing (I heard Jimi, The Beatles and Bob Marley).  The crew here were very nice and helpful and seem to want everyone to have a great experience.I will be back here many times. One day I will try the Cheesus, but that would have been a little too much for me this time. I had to go with grilled cheese today for nostalgia. The last time I happened to eat one in a gravel parking lot next to a bus was before a Grateful Dead show. This time, I had one of the best grilled cheese sandwiches I have ever had next to a bus in a gravel parking lot, and went home and listened to a live stream of the regrouped Dead playing at the Gorge. I felt like I had one foot in the past and one foot in the future, and loved it.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,3/5/2010,109,170,10,15,14>As anyone can tell from my profile pic, I like cats.  They're clever, affectionate and know how to take care of their bathroom business with minimal assistance.  It should come as no surprise that I would be immediately attracted to a business with the word "cat" in the name...I mean, the coolest characters in all of fiction have been cats: the Cheshire cat, those weird ones from Broadway...Besides, every once in awhile I like to just walk around new areas of town, places that I have not yet had the pleasure to experience.  Sometimes that works in my favor (yay!  Dove Vivi!) and sometimes not (ugh...Dessert Noir...) It just so happens that I was wandering around SE Stark while waiting for a separate party and glanced inside the windows of the Country Cat after noticing their creative and distinctive cat logo.  A quick look at the window menu had me sold - there were some creative dishes being described, with some awesome-sounding recipes for lamb, wings, even their french fries all sounded great!  I was shown to my table by a very friendly and attentive waitress (it didn't hurt that she had short red hair and tats...very hawtt, but that's a separate review for another time!  ;)  Within seconds, I had water and my 7-Up at the table, and she was ready to take my order!For the sake of brevity, I will limit my descriptions to my chosen entree.  I ordered the lamb, cooked medium and served with some delicious sausage and wedge biscuit topped with all manner of fragrant spices...even toasted pine nuts!  When it came out, I was very pleased by both the flavor and quantity being offered - the lamb was very tender and juicy, and the sausage, while a little dry, was the perfect compliment to the rest of the plate.  Soaking in natural juices were three long softened stalks of celery, which had by then taken on the flavor the dish entire...very nice, if not a little off-putting due to the color. All in all, I was pleasantly surprised by this little place...definitely one of the better meals I have had in SE, to be sure.  I will definitely be back, both for the service and to sample some of the other tempting items they have on their menu!
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,3/3/2010,34,51,12,13,11>Tan Tan *must* be Vietnamese for "Yum Yum".My mom, brother and I stopped in here Sunday for lunch. Since my mom lives in The Beav it's always challenging to find interesting places to eat and we usually wind up going to Pho Van. However, I had a very specific hankerin' for banh mi and after reading the reviews here decided to give it a try. I ordered the Lemongrass Pork banh mi and asked for extra meat, as one reviewer suggested. This brought my sandwich to a whopping $3.75. Brother and mom also had a Lemongrass Pork banh mi PLUS my brother also had a giant bowl of pho (forgot which variety) and then we split some shrimp salad rolls between us. Oh! My brother (don't know where he found the room in his stomach) also ordered an avocado shake. All of this food came to about $28 including tip. So, it was certainly cheap, but would it be good? (Excuse me while I wipe the drool from my chin).The shrimp salad rolls were brought out first, tasty enough. I have to say that I think salad rolls are something that you can only fuck up, and their version was on par with other places in town. Next was the Lemongrass Pork banh mi. That sandwich didn't have a chance! The rather plain roll was the perfect foil for the explosion of flavors contained therein, and the extra meat was not necessary, but so tasty I was happy I paid the extra buck. The sandwich was the perfect size to fill me up, but not uncomfortably so. Amazingly, my brother wolfed down most of his bowl of pho, his avocado shake, and half his sandwich. Being somewhat of a "broth snob" when it comes to pho, I tasted some of his. Although it didn't quite measure up to La Vang in Lake O, it was close! Certainly better than the bland broth I've had at pricier joints in town. I will definitely be back to Yum Yum - I mean Tan Tan - when I'm visiting the fam in The Beav. Hell, I might even make an extra trip down 217 for it. For $3.75, it can't be beat.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,3/2/2010,302,646,17,18,16>Before going here, I was a little nervous because of the reviews: bored, not-so pretty girls, mean bartender, rude bouncer, not the best strip bar in  Portland, etc...but my experience was completely opposite of that. The bouncer was quite friendly and welcoming and he did give us a smile. The bartender was a cute lil' old lady who is probably someone's grandmother. The 2 girls I've seen dance on the little stage area were actually pretty hot. One girl had tattoos all over and the other had long, dark rockabilly/pinup girl hair.One surprising thing I've learned was that you can drink alcohol as the girls become fully nude. You could never get away with this in CA. So yeah, vajeen and vodka? No problem! Oh Oregon, you surprise me sometimes!
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,2/28/2010,73,8,21,17,17>I heart Heart.I really like Heart because it is owned by Pro Snowboarder Willie Yli Luoma.  You ask, what do Snowboarders know about Coffee?  A lot.There are a few things that make riding and sipping java like peanut butter and jelly.  First things first.  FRESHIES.  To catch them, you gotta be up at the crack of dawn.  Who else is there to wake you up?  COFFEE.  Secondly, obviously snow is COLD.  Who's there to keep you warm?  COFFEE.  Third, when you are a Pro, you get to travel all over the world.  Who is there no matter where you go to shred the gnar?  COFFEE.  And many different kinds.Willie got his Masters Degree in coffee VIA the world of Snowboarding.The barista's here are Willie's undergrad professors.  You know, the ones who teach the class, correct your paper, and supply you with the know how to pass Willie's exam.Willie's teachers of coffee do so in a Portland State way.  Nice and they really want you to succeed.  Most other teachers of coffee in Portland do so in a Harvard way.  To cool for school, way to rich, and act as if you didn't come from a long line of coffee history.Homeboy actually told me approximately how many grams of coffee to use per 32 ounce press.  So precise.  And nice.The beans here are like a switch one footed backside 720 rodeo flip.  Amazing.  X-Game gold.  Peer black gold.  A real cupping champion.I heart Stumptown, Intelligentsia, and Caffe Vita, but I heart Heart.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,2/27/2010,130,164,12,12,12>Are you freakin' kiddin' me?  Fried pie on the menu?  I gave this place three stars before I even walked in based on that alone.A little backstory- I heart forever Texas BBQ and am fortunate to be able to visit one of its Meccas, Clark's Outpost in Tioga, TX once or twice a year (hometown of Gene Autry).  It's smackdab in the middle of quarterhorse country and also close to my grandpa.  Clark's is the BBQ I base all my other BBQ on.Russell Street gets my mad props for not only their way with the TX choice of animal (beef) but also on the NC tip (pork).  I went for the meatapalooza-choice of three meats, two sides and toast or cornbread.The pulled pork was adjectives escape me good.  Chunks of the skinny-skin-skin mixed in with meat and not too much fat.  Y'all know that the true test of BBQ is if it needs sauce or not.  This little piggy did not need any.  But I did a little gild the lily taste test on my side plate with tiny dabs of the four sauces available.  All were good except for the too sweet honey mustard one. The sausage was snap in your mouth lovely.  The brisket was not as juicy as could have been but still was damn good, plus I prefer my brisket sliced more than shredded.  I got the slaw and meaty beans and toast as my sides.  Both the slaw and beans were spot on, but the toast, which I was expecting to be full on greasy Texas toast was dry and stale.Service started out awesome and enthusiastic but ended up a little forgetful - as in flagging down waiter to beg for dessert menu to make sure fried pie wasn't only a lure to get me in.  This is the only time in recent memory I've had to upsell myself on dessert.But, hells yeah, they had fried pie.  If you've ever been to Gainesville, TX you  KNOW what I'm talking about.  I trek to Gainesville to gorge at the Fried Pie Co-chocolate, lemon, peach, apricot, vanilla, berry...really the list goes on.  So PDX? Ya think ya got somethin' on North Texas? Well, ya don't.  Your chocolate ganache filling is fo sho better than the what I'm sure is jell-o pudding is used in TX BUT, as well know, the proof isn't always in the pudding.  A lot of times it's in the crust.  And I'm pretty sure the secret to good fried pie crust is a fair amount of lard + not overworking the dough + snatching it out of the fryer right before it gets brown.  Cast aside any notions if you start thinking fried pie starts sounding a lot like that apple thing McDonald's sells. It ain't even close.Only deductions are for crappy TX toast and not flaky pastry.  I am sure I will wake up thinking I'm a deer after a salt lick or have one of those crazy dreams where you keep drinking glass after glass of the most amazingly refreshing water only to wake up in a cold sweat.  These are the prices I'm willing to pay for good BBQ
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,2/26/2010,550,1055,20,16,20>Dear Two Tarts Bakery Goddess,Please forgive me for what I've sinned. I skipped my "Going to Portland Farmers' market" routine yesterday. Now I'm craving for those little scrumptious sinful Lemon Bars and I have none. I had $1.50 yesterday and it would be enough for two of those joyful delicious little things, instead I spent it on tokens at the Spring Beer & Wine Festival. This will be a good lesson for me, don't try to be a drunk, just stick being a cookie and dessert monster. I promise, I'll come visit your booth next Saturday and satisfy my Lemon Bars need. Until then, I'll start collecting pennies to my piggy bank. Thank you for giving me another chance to be a better disciple of yours.With love,Olivia
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,2/25/2010,434,336,11,25,14>COMFORT FOOD                                AUSSIES What's not to like about either? I had read the reviews, and wanted to try the new brick & mortar restaurant that this husband and wife had started. I mean, I've loved Australia both times I've been. The people and the pies have been fantastic & genuine. I walked in to smell the lovely aroma of baked goods. The space wasn't large. They have the hot case next to the register. I was greeted by two huge grins, and a display of gorgeous fresh baked pies and sausage rolls. I ordered the creamy chicken pie, and mentioned Yelp. so I got the 2nd for free. They boxed one, and served the other one to be eaten there. We talked a bit about Australia, the people, and the food. I sat down to one of the best pot pies I've had, EVER. I'm usually disappointed by the crust, the filling, or both. Not so this time. The crust is made with real butter. It's flaky, golden brown, and toothsome. No BS phony stuff, or fusion, just good quality food.  The filling was well balanced with a good ratio of chicken, to sauce, to veggies. The husband of the team sat down to a lovely bowl of cheddar broccoli soup, and asked how my pie was. I cleaned the plate. I reheated the 2nd one tonight, and it was as good as the one I ate there this afternoon.  (Yes, I ate both pies in the same day, HAH!  So there!)If you've only tried frozen pot pies before (with the exception of Trader Joe's) you owe it to yourself to try theirs. Both the food, and the people here are legit. GOOD FOOD                              GOOD PEOPLE I loved both.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/11/2014,97,506,6,8,6>For late-night date night drinks and desserts, Pix is really the only place you need consider.  The drink list, particularly champagnes, is massive, and they can basically make you any sort of drink you desire from their well-appointed bar. I ordered strong drip (Stumptown, I believe) and Kahlua, and it arrived hot and delicious, and the waitress topped off the coffee and brought me sugar to sweeten the second cup. The desserts range from uniquely-flavored little macarons to big over the top gateau cakes and extravagant puff-pastry towers like the St Honore.  They have a larger-than-life poster of Carmen Miranda on the wall, complete with enormous googly-eyes, and when my date and I were there Saturday night, they were playing 80's and 90's hip-hop.  How's that for a decadent, delicious and irreverent way to wrap up an evening?  Yeah, you know you want it.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,1/10/2014,94,116,3,16,4>You know how they say the first 10 seconds of meeting someone is enough for a first impression? Well that's pretty much all you will need here. The customer service is top notch! It's difficult to describe this place, but essentially, it's a very local grocery store + take out and sit in restaurant.The Grocery: Pretty much 95% of the items are foreign. I imagine if I went to these guys' home country or somewhere in the middle east, I would buy these types of snacks, cheeses, milk, pita bread, spices (whole cumin seeds), bulk EVOO, sodas, candy, etcetc.  They don't have produce though, other than milk, cheese, yogurt.  If you love a different flavor, i'm sure you can pick anything here and it'll be unique and interesting! They sell LOCAL meat as well from a farm on cornell. You know that road right? So local!! They sell chicken, lamb, goat, beef. You should call ahead to place an order because apparently as soon as he gets them, people are already on the list to buy some. Didn't take a picture of the prices, but in general most were at or even below standard price. Some exceptional prices: they have tenderloin for $9.99 a pound and ribeye for $5.49(?)/lb.  Which are both pretty nice deals. The restaurant: Fairly simple, standard middle eastern type food. I had the jumbo gyro (6.49), chicken shwarma (5.49), and beef roll (2.99). All were very hefty. The pita bread they use is a store bought pita. They dip it in some lamb fat, grill it on the gyro rotating heater, which makes it nice, warm, tasty. When flat, the pita for both these sandwiches are 12 inches in diameter...a decent amount of meat and veggies go into each of these. Their taziki sauce is off the chain. Chunks of veggies, great tart, creaminess...a perfect contrast to the savory meat. The chicken was well seasoned, powerfully flavored. The lamb for the gyro was real good...not too salty, not underseasoned, no gamey after taste. I saved about a third of my gyro it for my next meal...and i'm known to eat a lot!  The beef roll had a fairly small amount of beef, but it was filled with some potatoes, and peas/veggie mix with a very indian curry type flavor. Not bad at all! Is it Michelin star quality. No, but is it food that i'd imagine eating if I was invited over to the owner's house? Yes. I was more than pleased with my meal. I'll definitely be back. The local vibe, the unique interesting items, the practicality of some of the items like imported olive oil, or certain hard to find spices, the smiles on the worker's faces, the use of local meats, the value of the food for the price all in all makes this place worth it. "Hope you enjoy. Come back again, i'll take care of you" ~ Ibrahim, as we paid for our food.   Just screams local! in the middle of Aloha! All you suburbanites...head here, help a local family out. Eat some good food. Try something new.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,1/9/2014,109,570,6,21,13>I was really excited to try this place out and it lived up to my expectations. I have no prior experience with arepas, but I thought that they were very good and different from what I was expecting.The restaurant itself is nice and spacious. We came during weekend lunch so it was kind of empty, but I could see how it would be a fun place to be if it were packed at night.The food came out quickly and everything was very tasty. One order of arepas and a shared house salad was enough for me, but the bf would have probably ordered another arepa.Their prices are very reasonable and I appreciate how they show what type of meat they are using. We will definitely be back.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,1/8/2014,127,273,4,10,5>Very cute dinner/lunch spot, a stone's throw from the Schnitz and walking distance from PSU.  My husband and I popped in here on a rainy Friday night.  First of all, insanely cute, very big, and a bit slow.  We stood in the doorway for maybe a few minutes before someone noticed us.  This may be a problem because we noticed several couples, even a small group of people, pop into the restaurant, wait at the "to be seated" sign, and then leave because no one bothered to check out the front of the house.The waitress welcomed us and promptly left to go set us up a table next to a loudly shrieking baby.  Wait a minute - the restaurant is half empty.  My husband and I both agreed, there was no way in hell we were going to sit where she was setting us up.  There is loads of space in every direction - why would you sit us next to someone having a parent-child meltdown?  When she came back we asked her if we could sit literally anywhere else.  She looked confused so we pointed at a table with plush seats near the front of the house.  She obliged but said it would take time for them to clean that table.  That's fine, but lord this place is slow.  She could have just maybe waited two seconds before cleaning the first table when she greeted us?The menu looks amazing.  When we started looking at our options we got dizzy with choices.  They have a seasonal menu with all sorts of regional goods - we saw salmon, wild boar, pumpkin gnocchi, oven roasted chicken, garlic bread.  We went with some garlic bread appetizer and both ended up ordering the wild boar over noodles for our main dinner.  And then we made the mistake of ordering tea to start us off with.The restaurant has lovely tea cups.  There is a miniature tea pot that sits directly over your tea cup.  Brew in your pot, pour into your cup.  But when we wanted milk or sugar it took fifteen minutes of waiting before we just got up and asked a random waiter if he could just oblige us.  They put the milk in an espresso cup, which I guess this is a minor thing but it created a big mess - they didn't have a little milk jug or something with a lip/spout.  It's extremely difficult to measure out how much milk you want from an espresso cup, especially when they've given you one espresso cup for two people's worth of tea.Aside from the mess we made trying to drink our tea, the food was amazing.  Not the restaurant's fault, but the shrieking baby in the middle of the restaurant continued to lose its shit for the entire time we were there.  The baby was there before we got there, and the family seated with it didn't look like they were leaving by the time we paid up and left.  It seems really inconsiderate, not just to other patrons but to the baby who is clearly suffering and doesn't want to be there anymore or might need something that can in no way be provided in a downtown restaurant.Again the restaurant was a bit slow.  We thought about dessert and even told a waiter we wanted to see a dessert menu.  We waited and waited, watched a few people pop in and leave when no one sat them promptly, and then we realized it was probably best we stop while we're ahead.  The wild boar was so perfect we didn't want our evening to sour listening to a stranger's baby shriek for another hour.  By the time the waiter came back we told him it took them so long to get back to us we were ready to leave.  We paid a fairly reasonable price for our dinners (I think it roughly $15/plate, for some of the best wild boar I've had in ages).  We walked home in the rain and filled up on ice cream back at our apartment.  We definitely want to come back again, maybe just sit down right away and tell a waiter later when they notice we're there.  I recommend showing up and being a bit pushy because the staff might forget you're there.  Order right away or go flag down a waiter the second you scan one in vicinity (probably they will be turned away from you, deliberately avoiding any and all eye contact).  Tell the waiter what you want and as soon as they serve the food ask for the check.  You will eat a superb meal and you can thank me later for the little trick I've just taught you. I'm sure Picnic House will ease its bumps in the road as it finds its place as a restaurant.  This is only the beginning.  I'm delighted to try what they serve me next.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,1/7/2014,30,115,6,23,13>The owner is extremely knowledgeable and wants the best for her customers. My friend took me here on a Saturday morning after sending me an article on how 80% of women wear the wrong size bra. (Most need to go down two inches in the band and up a cup size.) When it was my turn to get fitted, the owner asked me what size I wore. I told her it was a 32B. This was the size that Victoria Secret has fitted me at throughout the years, even though the bras never seem to fit right. (Subsequently, I have primarily worn camisoles with shelf bras and sports bras that don't require such distinctions.) The owner was aghast. There was no measuring tape or drawer full of different sizes to try---she just escorted me to a dressing room and handed me a 32D to try. To my surprise, it fit better than any other bra in my life. After that point, I had the luxury of being nitpicky. Did I like the coverage? The style? The seams? It was absurdly wonderful. Especially as people continued to pour into her store and line up for the dressing rooms, I waited for her to lose her patience. She continued to bring me bras and both give and receive honest feedback. The bra I really liked had sold out of my size. She only buys one of each size of each style. However, I was determined to purchase something. I found a bra I liked on the clearance rack and it's become my absolute favorite because it is both comfortable and makes my breasts look better than ever.Usually I'm the type of person who carries a wallet full of discount cards and coupons, and I scan items to see if I can get them cheaper on Amazon. However, due to her amazing customer service I really, really wanted to support local. It amazed me how much she tried to accomodate customers. She fitted several women while I was there and if she didn't have their sizes, she referred them to a few quality lingerie websites. Since I was looking for bras that tend toward the more "cute" and she usually stocks elegant varieties, she told me the best brands for me based on my shape and preferences when I tried bras on. When she rang up my bra---which was from the clearance rack---she rattled off a number of different discounts she offered to see if they were applicable. Did I work on Alberta? Am I a student? Am I in the military? She guessed that I wasn't a senior citizen. This is definitely a businesswoman who wants to do right by her customers. Since then, I've told a few friends my new bra size and enjoyed seeing their eyes bulge as they glance at my chest and then at their larger ones. "That's the size I wear...." I then say, "That might be the size you wear, but it's not the size you should wear." I always recommend the Pencil Test to them.For awhile, I debated between four and five starts, just because of the small selection, but anyone who puts as much passion and heart into his or her craft deserves five stars. In this economy, I understand it's difficult to fully stock a store and coming here was a fantastic experience.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,1/6/2014,61,115,5,9,7>I love the farmers market. I mean, what self-respecting Oregon resident doesn't?! I can't always make it on the designated days but I do love me some fresh produce. There's a few places around town offering local, fresh produce but the prices are a bit steep for this frugal gal. Enter Kruger's Farm Market. I can get all the produce I need for the week without making a big dent in my wallet. They often have great deals in the $1 section (like a whole bag of ripe avocados for ONE DOLLAR) that makes the score that much sweeter. I tend to get the same things over and over again (kale, spinach, romaine, apples, potatoes, etc...) but it is usually reliably good. As others have noted, it is not all local or organic but honestly, I'd rather do one-stop shopping for all the things I want than have to hit up the grocery store for non-Oregon produce. The place has plenty of options but it's also incredibly easy to pop in and out and get all you need. Sometimes I'm just not in the mood for a giant grocery store, ya know? There's never a line to checkout and the staff is always friendly. You also can't beat the location right on Hawthorne. No time for Sauvie's Island? No problem! Check out some market fresh produce right in the heart of the city. Thanks, Kruger's.
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2013,1/5/2014,251,648,5,10,7>You can order fresh kombucha, all your free range, organic, non-GMO grass-fed meat, locally-caught salmon, organic chicken, lotions, soaps, herbs, and PHENOMENAL LOCAL, organic farm produce from Kookoolan Farm here. You order online, and then pick it up. However, if you order something and they can't get it from the farms, they don't let you know ahead of time, which is a real downside.  It's also really hard to tell where to wait and pay.Poor communication also extends to the service inside the store; each time we've gone in, staff members continue (for a while) to focus on solo tasks rather than to attend customers. This is Customer Service 101; wait on the customer who's in front of you rather than continue with your tasks. It feels like they've forgotten the Customer part of Customer Service! This wouldn't be so bad, except that their attitude, each time, ranges from cold/disinterest to snarky. It's got a kind of cooler-than-you/hip mama (but you're not!) kind of vibe.Too bad, since the produce is awesome!
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,1/4/2014,23,22,9,10,8>Here are my top five reasons why Cinetopia really is the best movie experience you'll ever have:1.The seats are super comfy, have ottomans and are spaced high (for shorties like me who can't see the movie because your head is so big, and feet can't touch the ground because the ground is so far away...). 2. They serve food in the LR theater (which is very reasonably priced). 3. They serve beer and wine in the LR theater (did I mention they serve BEER and WINE in the LR theater?).4. They provide live music in the LR theater while you're waiting for your movie to begin (usually a hippy violinist or super cool guitarist).5. They have a flavored butter bar (try my favorite combo: 3 pumps jalapeno butter+4 pumps caramel butter+2 pumps garlic butter+2 pumps real butter+a long LONG sprinkling of cheddar cheese powder, and shake it all together!).My favorite time to come to Cinetopia is during the opening weekend of a Twilight movie. LR theater = no teeny boppers+lots of beer (A LOT) to prepare you for a Twilight movie.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,1/3/2014,209,542,2,8,6>In the interest of self disclosure, I lived in Arzona for 6 years and was able to get the authentic frybread off the reservation. The frybread here is just as good! For those of you who haven't had a change to sample frybread you can either get is as a meal with green chili, meet, lettuce, tomatos, sour cream ect. or you can order a dessert version with cinnamon sugar, honey or other sweet things on top. It's basically the Southwest's version of an elephant ear only in my opinion better! I was here with a friend of mine who also lived in Arizona and knew the authentic stuff. We split a Ultimate frybread (coms with carne asada) and a dozen wings . First off, it was a lot of food and there was no way we could finish it all. The Mango Habenero and Buffalo wings were both awesome but not for you if you don't like spicy food! These wings pack a fabulous punch! Prices here are superreasonable, run by a friedly famly that makes all their own sauces. I'll definately be back when I need my SW fix.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,1/2/2014,466,819,13,13,15>I've got two tickets to paradiseWon't you pack your bags, we'll leave tonightI've got two tickets to paradiseI've got two tickets to paradiseOh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-ohSeriously. This place is like paradise to me. My weakness....breads and pastries. Thank God for the gym. I love Europe. I love France. This place brings me back. I'm not in Lake Oswego often but now that I work not too terribly far away I like coming out here on a sunny day and taking in the view of the Lake and houses I can't afford. St. Honore has a beautiful set up. Plenty of indoor and outdoor seating. The decor reminds me slightly of being back in France with the blues and golds. And the smell...fresh bread for dayyyssss. The pastries seemed a bit high price wise...but worth every penny. My Almond Croissant for $3.70. Whatevs. Gimmie carbs. A fresh baguette for around $2.50. Score. They have everything you could ever want. Soups, salads, sandwiches, cakes, pastries, breads, tea, coffee. And its all good. Like real good. Stop in for lunch or stop in just to grab a treat. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,8/30/2011,426,1757,3,24,15>In Portland, there are a few essential walks that every resident and visitor should take to really see the city. Near the top of my personal list is the waterfront loop that I start by parking downtown, then cross over the Steel Bridge, heading south down the Vera Katz Eastbank Esplanade, and returning via the Hawthorne Bridge. Each place along the route has special meaning for me, but some of the best views of Portland are definitely from the east side looking back toward downtown. For years, this has been a family favorite by foot, bike and scooter, usually combined with a visit to the Portland Saturday Market. There is nothing finer than taking a walk, with a mug of coffee in hand (I recommend Floyd's), and experiencing those first sunny days of Spring. The trees are in bloom, a variety of boats are on the river and it is a great spot for people watching on both sides of the river. What is missing? An adequate number of drinking fountains and restrooms.A few high points for me along the Eastbank Esplanade are the floating walkway where you get close to the water's edge. At 1200' it is the longest of its kind in the U.S. The section of the path under the Morrison Bridge is ridiculously loud, but the Echo Gate always reminds my boys and I of the stone archway where Sirius meets his fate in Harry Potter, Book 5. There is public art along the way and markers indicating Portland's neighborhoods and a few facts about the river. My favorite spot is as you approach the Hawthorne Bridge. The Fire Department building is flanked (some may say dominated) by majestic willow trees. Seeing the bridge from that vantage point never ceases to make me smile. You can also take a break from your stroll by sitting on one of the benches or alongside the statue of former mayor, Vera Katz. On the dock below, you will regularly see dragon boat teams preparing for a paddle as well as firefighters doing rescue drills. If you are on your bike, you can continue south along with path which connects to the Springwater Corridor, past OMSI, for a longer outing. Some of the best things in life, and in Portland, are free. Whether you are visiting the city for the first time or have lived here for ages, treat yourself to walk on the Eastside.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,8/29/2011,376,599,15,17,16>I've decided to reject all but the most convincing of absolute statements from able-bodied and sound-minded people."I can't cook!" Borrow my well-worn copy of How to Cook Everything, get in your kitchen, and don't come out before you attempt a basic tomato sauce."I can never pay my bills!" Buy a calendar and a bright red marker, set an alarm on your phone to the most irritating chime ever composed, and stop eating takeout Thai every other day."I kill every plant I come in contact with!" I have totally uttered that phrase before, and I justified my supposed lack of a green thumb by telling people that I don't care very much for oxygen anyway.I was lying. It wasn't for lack of trying, as anyone who remembers the sad demises of Gino the Bamboo and Johan the Diffenbachus can recall. But a couple mini-milestones of a sort were reached at my household recently. We managed to keep the Unnamed Cactus alive for over two years and we started to crave a small plot of land to call our own. I pass the Plant Peddler at least once every day as I hurry up or down Burnside, and I've been in at least once that I remember, but I totally didn't know that even a couple of plant-tarded people like the crime partner and me could bring home live friends that we can manage and hopefully keep around until they tower over our heads.For my crime partner, it was a fairly large aloe plant that he can cut up for use in a smoothie, or keep around in case one of us knocks each other onto the stovetop in a fit of passion. The owner said he keeps his place well-stocked with aloe every summer.For me, I could not stop falling in love with every leafy potted thing I came across. I saw willowy China Dolls, a little but vibrant coffee plant, and many variations of my dearly departed Diffenbachus. But the one that I took home was the Buddhist Pine, since I need more zen in my life. Prices ranged from a steal (just under $5 for the Buddhist Pine) to very affordable prices, with the China Doll as the potential "splurge" at $14.99.The main draw, though, is a well-informed owner who patiently lists off the amounts of water, light, and repottings necessary for each plant as if he was reading their stats off a list. His manner made it clear that a healthy home forest was no miraculous feat of dry ice and magic, even though his store had a glass fountain that emits a nifty dry ice mist. I'll add something like that to my home garden when I get there, but I'll keep it Jacuzzi-sized. Everything starts small, after all.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,8/28/2011,207,465,7,13,10>So yesterday, my co-worker came back from lunch. He'd mentioned he was going to some grill place that didn't sound impressive. He came back, and he said the food was bomb. Color me suspicious but there was much raving to be had. I had to try it, if only to disagree with him. Holy Hawaiian Hannah, THIS IS SOME GREAT FOOD. I literally almost wrote a review while I was eating my meal today. I fortunately missed the lunch rush, but there were enough people in there to convince me this place stays busy. The menu is simple - pictures of what they offer & what sides they have. I've never had shoyu chicken before so you'd think I can't judge it against other places. WRONG. I have no doubt this is the best I'll find nearby. Tender, juicy and full of flavor. I mixed it with the rice that comes with the platter and I tried to eat slow to make it last...fail. Too good to do that. And I cannot stress this enough - do not miss the mac salad. This is a sin. That stuff was so delicious I can't even...well I'l try....creamy, well balanced.....DAMN it's good what are you doing still reading this review!?!??Portions are good for a reasonable price. I was served quickly, with a smile and sent on my way with a to go box. I cannot wait to go back again. The only problem is I hate when food places know me...that means I go there too much. Guess I can't avoid it in this situation!Side note: It's tiny, seating is sparse.
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,8/27/2011,219,427,13,18,15>Date night! Time to discover somewhere new, toss back a drink and enjoy the company of my sweetie. We were in the mood for something new and Yelp steered us here, with Joshua C's photos sealing the deal. We refer to it as food porn. Check them out, if you can handle getting a little hot and bothered over seafood that is. Hot and bothered? If the intimate setting doesn't do it for you, how about some foreplay? Start with their happy hour. I love a good happy hour and this place delivers. Not only that, they stay true to the phrase, it is only an hour long, from 5-6. Coincidentally, most the happy hour items were in the $5-$6 range. We indulged in the caesar and radicchio salad with a fresh, delectable dressing that I'm guessing was housemade. Don't even think about skipping out on their amazing house pate' with some great pickled onions. The mussels and chorizo dish was a big hit and the broth was great with the warm bread they brought to the table.If you are still having trouble getting in the mood, there are definitely several drink options to loosen you up. They have a small but decent beer list with two seasonal taps. A few interesting cocktails. This place has a definite wine fetish with a large list that looked appealing, but I wasn't in the mood so I opted for a martini with blue cheese olives. The blue cheese is from Shaft's. (I'm gonna leave that one alone). But in all seriousness, it is aged in an old gold mine in California and pretty yummy.Size definitely matters, but if you are challenged in size, make up for it in technique which is definitely what our entree did. Portion size was small for the price, but every bite was freaking incredible. King salmon with a delicate mustard sauce accompanied by fennel, fava beans and potatoes. I think we definitely had that plate-licking look about us because they made sure it was okay with us before they pulled away the empty plate. We were definitely left wanting more.Details! Some areas should not be forgotten or left out. Like the specials. We didn't know they had any that night until we overhead our server telling another table about them after we already had our food. Also had to ask about happy hour as we saw it on the door, but no mention or menus were brought out when we got there. Service was a bit slow to start, but got more attentive as the night went on. Okay, so time for the big finish. You didn't finish already did you? Dessert! We split the lavendar honey crème brulée. First bite is definitely creamy and well... orgasmic. Great dish, but finishes rich, a third person might be of some help if you find it overwhelming.This place definitely hits all the major spots, a little finesse here and there and they'll become more than just a one night stand.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,8/26/2011,141,355,14,17,16>Before a trip to see Marywynn, my skin-care regiment was about as mature as some kid running up and saying:"Hey Lady!  Your epidermis is showing!"  Overused.  Not that clever.  A pretty bad joke, actually. But the problem is that even before I was that kid's age, I've had really sensitive skin.  All those pretty smelling gels that made towers of foam, or those awesome soap crayons and markers that let you create works of art on the bathtub tile left every inch of my skin, from my fingertips to the bottoms of my feet, in blotched and cracked ruins.  It meant a childhood of oatmeal baths, which ultimately turned into a young adulthood of soft-cleansers and dermatologist prescriptions that left me blotch free, but otherwise feeling pretty "blah" about my skin.   But at 25, I decided it was time for a change.  A change that meant letting someone touch my face, even if it meant repeating the great "Double-black-eyes-for-3-weeks" saga of 2006.  (Tip: Don't ever trust a college dorm neighbor who knows "what will make your skin absolutely glow!" She doesn't.) So I set up a time to meet with Marywynn.   Any hesitation or nervousness I had beforehand almost instantly vanished after stepping over the threshold.  She had me fill out a questionnaire about my background and current facial regiment, and address what I wanted to work on.  We headed upstairs to the cozy treatment room and chatted about my history, Marywynn's background and technique, and what I could expect for the next hour.   As she handed me a strapless robe I wonder if she noticed my perplexed "What? I have to change for a facial?!" look.  She smiled as she left the room:"You're in good hands."The facial focused on the face, neck, décolleté, and hands.  She went through a series of products and massages, I'm still not exactly sure what half of them were, all while a sweet smelling steam drifted lazily over the heated bed that I nearly fell asleep on.   It was a holistic experience.  While your skin is pampered, your mind has the opportunity to recharge as well.  We talked for almost the duration of the visit about what was likely causing my outbreaks, and even about  architecture, cities, and the general fortune of a northwest life.  I couldn't have asked for a nicer chat.  Expect recommendations and borderline clinical explanations throughout your treatment.  You leave not only feeling refreshed, but educated.  The checkout process gave us time to talk about what I could do at home, and I left with a bag full of samples to take for a spin.   Over the next couple of days I tried the new regiment, watching and wondering when the inevitable break-out would happen.   But to my delight, only my beautifully soft skin remains.   I'm looking forward to investing in the products she recommends, and planning a return trip when the weather drifts into fall. Even though I'm young, I realize that I'm at an age when taking care of my God given shell is more than a juvenile chore.  For once, I truly enjoy the task of taking care myself.  And, while I never expected to admit it, this past week is probably the longest period I've gone feeling like an honest-to-goodness pretty young lady.  No joke.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,8/25/2011,121,1306,11,14,13>True to its name, Firehouse is in fact in an old firehouse. It oozes charm and awesome from every piece of dark wood and exposed brick. The natural light from the old truck door adds to the warmth, as does the wood-fired oven. It's just cozy. The kitchen is open to the dining area, allowing your senses to be assaulted with all the glorious flavors the second you walk in the door. They have a lovely garden patio, but I don't know if I could tear myself away from that warm interior. I love it in there.They prefer you get on the reservation train, but we keep forgetting every time we go. It isn't planned. We never plan. We just show up. Each time they've been more than hospitable, and we've had no trouble getting a seat. Aside from their inner dining area with bar and outer garden patio, there are a few disconnected tables in the back and a room you can rent out upstairs for a larger group. It's safe to say you have all your dining options covered. Water glasses appear almost out of thin air while you're perusing the menu. While they do have creative cocktails and an impressive beer and wine list, I'm addicted to their iced tea. It's not your average Lipton. Blue Flower Earl Grey? Yes, please. It's refreshing.We've sat right in front of the kitchen each time, which makes deciding from this delicious menu even more difficult. It all smells good, and it looks good. You literally want it all. There are a number of small plates, a few salads, a few pizzas, and capped off with a few entrees. Somehow, we've managed to avoid the small plates. That's usually because the smell of the pizza oven wins out. I'm such a sucker for good pizza, and Firehouse delivers. It's easily one of my favorites in the neighborhood. The crust stays pillowy, and has yet to be overly charred. The middle gets a little limp, but that's only because the sauces have their way with it. It doesn't take away from the experience, though. It's nothing a little knife and fork action can't remedy. Each pizza boasts simple ingredients, but they're such unique flavors that they go really well together. I want to say the entrees are better than the pizza, but they're not. They're just different but equally as awesome. They're hearty and rich and want to be shared. Everything wants to be shared here. The grilled tuna is the only one I've tried so far (told you pizza wins out), but it was so buttery and soft that it melted in my mouth. The flavor pops with each consecutive bite, and before you know it, you're scraping out the last bits of olive oil and diced tomatoes. It's lick your plate good. What I like most about this place is you can customize your experience based on your budget, and still walk out feeling as if you've really classed it up. The dishes taste so decadent that every bite feels like an indulgence, but you're not always going to break the bank. Firehouse is quickly becoming my favorite place to eat. I'm definitely crushing hard. When you're headed out the door and no less than three people tell you thanks and to have a good night, it's hard not to come back night after night.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,8/24/2011,61,115,11,12,12>Off The Hizzle!!I've been vegetarian for almost half my life. I've had every brand of veggie burger, I've eaten homemade veggie burgers made with every type of beans, grains and vegetables, I've consumed veggie burgers in every state and US Territory I can (even Puerto Rico!) and I gotta tell ya:This is THE ONE!When I first heard a veggie burger cart opened with loads of vegan options I was intrigued but not in a super rush to get there. I've had so many veggie burgers in my life it's hard to get excited about them. I finally went at the insistence of two fellow vegans and I was blown away. I recently went back and loved it even more. Let's break it down: I had a bacon cheeseburger made with a homemade veggie patty, topped with homemade tempeh bacon, melted Daiya cheese, homemade pickles, lettuce and perfectly grilled onions on a delicious bun. My stomach is grumbling as I'm writing this, I want more, more, MORE!The owners are super nice and the cart sits on a lot with a covered tent with heaters and Trivial Pursuit cards on the table. I do love me some food carts but the cold and rain definitely keeps me from patronizing them as much as I would like. Without such deterrents, I see myself going to Off The Griddle more than most other carts, especially when the weather is less than pleasant. As soon as they start offering or making their own hot sauce, I will give them a 6th star. No such thing? I'll tack it on myself! I am crazy glue for these burgers!
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,8/23/2011,111,30,32,23,17>In 2nd grade I had the most monster crush ever on a boy named Michael Schneider.  He was gorgeous!  Dark brown hair, tan skin, wanted nothing to do with me... wait, that last part wasn't awesome, but was true.  I figured there was power in ignoring googly-eyed wannabe suitors or suitorettes as my case was.  This was how I learned my amazing ability in middle school to ignore and alienate the boys who wanted to date me to the point where after I said yes, they wondered if we were still even dating which I later found out was NOT what you were supposed to do as boyfriend-girlfriend.Once I figured out how to behave, it was easier to keep boyfriends.  Years later there was John Beckstead.  John occasionally came into the library during my free period on Tuesdays and Thursdays my Sophmore year in high school to get on the computer, do some studying of his own and whatever else.  I looked for him every Tuesday and Thursday and started spending extra prep time in the morning before school on my hair, makeup and wardrobe on those days just so I could try to get his attention.  Fast forward 2 years - John and I break up because I'm not Mormon and he needs someone with wider birthing hips who his parents approve of.Today?  Kauai Island Grill is my new love and I think I finally picked a winner.The moment I set foot in the door, the owner (Kimo) gave me a friendly "Aloha" and answered my questions about their menu.  In case you have the same question, Laulau is Hawaiin for "drool all over the floor and make obscene moaning noises while eating"... okay not really but it was ridiculous and I will go on record to attribute the next 5 lbs I gain to eating too much of it.  'Cause I'm gonna!I've always had a love/ridiculous infatuation relationship with Hawaiin food ever since I tried my first bight of Kahluah Pork and traditional macaroni salad.  Since I'm no longer in my twenties, I have to forgo the macaroni salad and rice, but they can pry the meat and salad out of my cold dead fingers.The meat is self explanatory and obvious - tasty cuts of meat cooked right in front of you while you wait by Gwen, the owner and their daughter (I asked Kimo if he was the owner, but he told me Gwen was and he just tries to help her and stay out of her way since she was the brains of the operation.  They're adorable!).The salad is unexplainable to me.  All it is is iceburg lettuce and some sort of orange dressing but... I'm in love with it.  Lust.  Love.  Lust... I wanna eat it, okay?  I'm not sure what kind of dressing they use but I think it might be sprinkled with crack.  It's basic and delightful and I will have more when I go back next week.Downfall - 2 tables, very small, not the cleanest looking of all places I've been.Amount I care about downfall - what's an amount that's less than a rat's ass?  Because that.See you there!
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,8/22/2011,273,418,22,12,13>Compared to your typical Portlandia denizen, I'm a bit of an odd cookie:I don't have a tat of "organix or DETH"I'm not a level 60 localvoreI'm a staunch omnivore (like ravens, which control our government and bears which are about to stage a revolution against them)I've never done yoga (I am extremely narrow-minded about it, but awareness is the first step to ACCEPTANCE)I do really love vegetables though; this is a big accomplishment for me because, as a youngster, I shunned them, shuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuunnnnnnnnnnnNNNnnn.This is probably the "healthiest" food you can eat out at any place in Portland (that I've been).  Not because I think vegan/vegetarian/etc is a healthier lifestyle...just that most people (including myself) don't get enough ROUGHAGE.So, I got a roasted veggie bowl here.  It was really good, but I wish the portion wasn't as modest.  It just didn't seem like much food for $8.50.  Having said that, I'll definitely be back...I think my chard was singing to me.Also: I always thought the Portland Fox was extinct, but apparently they've been making their dens in yoga studios all these years.
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,8/21/2011,196,280,4,11,9>Sweet Hereafter your VEGAN food is amaaaaazing! Never thought I'd say the words vegan & amazing in the same sentence but I did & it's true.If you're wondering what's good the BUFFALO SUB is what's good. It's big so squeeze or smash as you bite. Soy curls taste like chicken. Not bad, not bad at all. Bread is soft & fresh. Their sauce has a kick but it's a nice kick. The side of chips & salsa were super good with so much flavor in such a small cup.The covered, outdoor seating area is pretty cool. There's probably eight or so picnic tables in the first section & then the smoking section is further back with just a handful of tables there. Service was fast but that's because we arrived just before 6:00pm I'm guessing. As we scooted out after 7:00pm I noticed there wasn't a single seat available inside & the outdoor seating filled up quickly as well so plan ahead. HH is 4-7pm with $1 off draft beers, well drinks & something else I can't think of right now & also $2 chips & salsa.Sweet Hereafter is my new place for vegan awesomeness!
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,7/20/2014,66,171,4,7,3>Hello?!?  Anyone out there like fried chicken??  This is sooo amazingly good and affordable.   Their menu has everything to satisfy your comfort food needs.  The fried chicken on the bone is so crispy,  tender, juicy and flavorful.  They must sprinkle crack from mcminville...  I got the thigh, wing, leg breast meal and it comes with crinkle fries with sprinkled crack, big big roll, and your choice of a side (cole slaw, potato salad, macaroni salad) for $9!!!!  What a barn buster deal!! I love that they came from mcminville after being successful! It's time the southeast gets delicious fried chicken!  If bone in is not to your liking , then you can get chicken tenders!    Mmmm.. fried chicken good for your soul!  They are located in the 50th and division carts! Eat there, take it home, save for the next day..whatever you choose you will not regret it! Don't waste your money at popeyes salty fest and kfc weaka chicks...!Bonus: you can order ahead if you can't afford to wait the 10-15mins.  They take cards!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,7/19/2014,36,193,5,7,5>I had been wanting to try this place for some time, and today was the day! It's a beautiful space and has a nice, cozy vibe. The atmosphere is fairly rustic and the coffee is delicious. I highly suggest the maple spice latte. The main drawbacks to this place is that seating can be packed depending on when you go, and it's definitely not a place to bring your laptop since there didn't seem to be hardly many outlets, let alone the possibility of getting a seat near one is slim. The other thing is that their sandwiches are pre-made and I was expecting a greater food menu. Nonetheless I settled for a pumpkin chocolate chip muffin and it was very satisfying. Before long I noticed I was really enjoying the music. It wasn't until I got up to leave that I realized there was a live pianist. Not sure if he was a customer that just decided to play or if this is a regular thing. But it was a very nice touch and that alone is reason to return.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,7/18/2014,116,134,4,8,7>Double Dragon is becoming one of my favorite chill spots in Southeast to get a really good draft and really solid, no-frills Westernized Asian-inspired bar food. Sort of.Don't let my poor sales pitch fool you. These guys are kicking out some top notch food over here, and it's not what you'd expect, especially if you were from anywhere but Portland. The selection ranges from pork belly Bahn Mi sandwiches and burgers, to their version of poutine, crispy skinny fries smothered with spicy miso bacon gravy and cheese. And oh yeah, a really fucking badass bowl of pho. No really. They get that 5th star for the Wagyu beef bone broth soup, boasting an amazing star-anise braised beef cheek with charred ginger and delicious rice noodles. It blew me away. Happy hour features a burger and a pint for $10, or a hot dog and a tallboy for $8, and I can tell you that the beer and burger is a great deal. These burgers are ground in-house from local pastured beef, cooked and seasoned perfectly and stacked high on a soft grilled sesame bun. I love it.Double Dragon offers a nice variety of self-proclaimed NON-TRADITIONAL (In caps on the menu) Bahn Mi sandwiches. My favorite is the roast duck, cooked to be tender and flavorful, and the alternate choice is usually the pork belly and fois gras pate, which is just ridiculous. You have to try it to understand.The surprising part of Double Dragon though, for me anyway, is the soup. Besides the aforementioned Vietnamese beef noodle (pho) soup, the curried coconut ramen is as good as I've had anywhere, with an outstanding broth, and it's loaded with char siu pork belly, kaffir lime leaves, fried egg, and tonkatsu noodles. Honestly, at this point, I've tried everything on the menu, and the food and service from this great group of people has never been anything but outstanding. I hope Double Dragon continues to thrive in one of my very favorite Portland neighborhoods. P.S... Saturday night crazy karaoke party? Why not. It's a blast.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,7/17/2014,106,368,4,12,7>Out went Photastic Restaurant and in came Mekong Bistro. As a matter of fact, the Photastic sign is still on the building. A temporary "Mekong Bistro" banner has been placed below the old restaurant signage. Mekong Bistro appears to be a work in progress and what a wonderful work it is!From the menu we learned that the owners of Mekong Bistro opened up the first Cambodian restaurant in Portland. It's still an operating restaurant in Northeast Portland. Also from the menu we discovered that Mekong Bistro offers dishes from a number countries along Asia's Mekong River: Cambodia, Laos, Thailand, and Vietnam. Speaking of the menu, Mekong Bistro's is large and makes for a fascinating read. Among the offerings are appetizers, salads, stir fries, soups, rice dishes, noodle dishes, exotic main entrees, desserts, and a children's menu. Among the interesting ingredients are catfish, frog legs (former French Colony), pork dip sauce, and watercress sour soup.The prices here are fantastic. Many of the salad and soup dishes are below $10. The proportions are generous and the service is just plain sweet. Mekong Bistro will let you discern your level of heat and they are very willing to alter their dishes to your liking. Many gluten free items are offered. On our visit we sampled the Beef Salad and the Vermicelli Salad. The Beef Salad was beef sirloin exploding with flavors from mint, cilantro, and lemon juice. We topped our Vermicelli Salad with chicken. Mekong Bistro placed sliced egg rolls on the Vermicelli Salad and served it up with a side of peanut chili sauce. A delicious and masterpiece of a salad. Mekong Bistro is a great place to go for a salad.For years I've known that Oregon has a sizeable Cambodian community. For years I've been waiting for a Cambodian restaurant to open up. Well, I'm pleased to announce that Cambodian cuisine has finally made its way to Hillsboro. May it grow and prosper in its new location!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,7/16/2014,219,318,7,13,8>The best has-been house ever. This theater has the dubious honor of the longest running showing of Deep Throat in the country. It can't get any worse. You can call it what you like but it is a has-been house. I've seen Joe Jackson, Greg Brown, Colin Hay, & Jon Anderson (YES). Coming attractions include Stephen Stills, and Arlo Guthrie. As you can see (or hear), the Aladdin has redeemed itself. The Aladdin Theater in itself is a throwback to a bygone era. The stage is small, barely enough for a full band. The decor could use a little help but they try. Then there are the seats. Oh the seats. If you don't mind a bunch of broken springs in your ass, you'll make the 2 hours with no problem. There's a great concession complete with beer & pizza so you won't go hungry. So bring your appetite & your age. This place will rock you out!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,7/15/2014,19,239,4,11,4>I have been wanting to dine here forEVER! I finally took my son here for his birthday about a week ago. Oh my goodness!! What a great place!The service was perfect! We were seated promptly and never made to wait long for anything. The menu I was told changes I think she said daily. Which is kind of cool. I mean, to me that says fresh ingredients and an inspired chef. The food screamed that as well. It was top notch! If it wasn't such a classy place I would have licked my bowl/plate clean, it was that good.Are the prices a little high? Yes, but you really get what you pay for here at Decarli's, seriously, trust me, it's worth it!I would not take very young children here, but older well behaved children should do fine. Though there isn't a whole lot to choose from that is "kid friendly". Frankly, almost everything on the menu had some ingredient in it that I didn't know how to pronounce or even what it was. But it tasted good :-)I know where my hubby and I are going out to eat on our next date night!! This has got to be one of, if not the best restaurant in the Beaverton/Hillsboro area.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,7/14/2014,176,103,6,12,5>What?!??... That was freaking great pho. I wasn't sure about going here, as the name itself could either be trying too hard or just that good. Lol, it's that good. That's pho sure! (Don't judge).Can I just say the pho broth it CLEAN. That really is the best way to describe it. It's clear and clean. Hands down fab pho. Made with quality.I love the special they keep on a daily basis of a regular size pho and one salad roll for ten bucks. You can't beat that. As my husband and I always share a order of salad rolls with our pho when we go out, so this is perfect! Large place with tons of tables and booths. Only thing is...you know how you have to hunch, with your face over your pho bowl to eat it...? Like your face is in it's own little pho world...conversations usually lack when your eating it....? Well their booth tables are really low as it is, so hunching over is out of the question. Lol, I think you would walk out with a crick in your neck unless your shorter then five feet tall.Very cool place, I would SO come here more often if it was closer to where I live. Hillsboro and Beaverton are next door neighbors yes....but throw in lunch traffic for high techateers between the two..? Ya no.
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,7/13/2014,73,149,3,7,5>I was slightly terrified as I walked in. Jolting flashbacks of that snapping, crunching sensation of breaking my ankle 3 years prior on a similar indoor turf field had me thinking of excuses to leave as soon as we arrived. And then I sucked it up and had a great time.This is a solid indoor soccer facility. It's the nicest fake turf I've ever put my sneaker to, a perfect temperature for running around having an asthma attack, and seems impeccably maintained. The players and ref of the intramural league I hesitantly joined turned out to be super friendly and welcoming, too. Only drawback is the location - it's just slightly out of the way from downtown. Oh yeah, and the tiny cups for water are truly tiny. Bring your Nalgene.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,7/12/2014,107,149,3,9,7>On rare occasion you run into a trifecta of 5 star satisfaction and from my perspective The Sapphire Hotel earns that reputation...Cool relaxed vibe ...perfect for after 10 pm hanging drinking or eatingAn amazing bartender and waitstaffConsistently delicious food and drink choicesThe service is always prompt I love the immediate let's get started with drinks . We had some questions about alternatives to using traditional ingredients for a Negroni...the waitperson was helpful with  great gin ideas and before we could spell Aperitif the bartender came over with various samplings of bitters to try...and ladies I was reminded this bartender looks a bit like Brad Pitt or a young Val Kilmer  ...I could not deny this..and he's simply a very cool dudeWe cant resist the  bacon wrapped dates( multiple orders) and this time around shared the flat iron steak with potatoes and veggie.. Simple and cooked perfectlyWhether salads, starters. Or entrees( an excellent simply cooked burger) are all quality choices...It's a place where lingering is a must...nightcaps are always in order.Excellent service food, waitstaff and bartender....and one of the best vibes in PDX.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,7/11/2014,34,65,4,6,5>More than just a hippie store - think of it as the original eco friendly chemical free housewares and culinary maker space! Need a made in the USA cast iron skillet? they got it! Bamboo dish drainer? yep! Specific brush for sinks or bottles or whatnot? yep!  Yogurt makers, champion juicers, canning supplies and much more.Great place for wedding gifts, or for the hard-to-buy for. I just picked up a drinky-lid for mason jars so now I am uber-hip. Seriously to heck with Amazon get your gear here and get it today. They've been hit hard by all the construction on Division over the past year. Go check them out!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,6/10/2014,140,274,8,12,10>Holy brisket!!!!!  This place is awesome!I usually hold off on BBQ til I'm visiting the South.  (and I come back 10 pounds heavier)  Now I'm a little nervous that I found a great place that stands up to anything I've eaten in BBQ country.  My waistline can't take something that good within walking distance.They allow you to order the meat on it's own so you can try every cut available at a great price.  I personally love ordering the brisket tacos that come with some great sauces to try.  The cornbread side is savory and done right.  Sauces and honey sit on every table for customization.  Drinks: Yes-full bar with great drinksService: despite this place being continuously busy the service is quick and friendlyThe restaurant is nice, not sticky, and has an open atmosphere.  It does get extremely busy at times and does occasionally run out of different cuts of meat.  (Check the chalkboard at front for anything they are out of.)Also....be prepared for a wait at peak times.  Try mid week and early or late dinners or lunches to avoid the wait.
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,6/9/2014,211,267,3,18,8>New favorite lunch spot!This place is amazing. I used to love Morso, which served giant, reasonably priced salads and was so sad when they closed. Now that Garden Bar has arrived I can once again get ginormous, healthy, fresh salads at reasonable prices!When I say this, here's what I mean: a basic salad is $7 and includes a ton of veggie options as add-ins. You can pay extra for some high grade additions like avocado, meat, etc. Expect an absolutely ginormous portion that's fresh and delicious!Right now i'm eating a 'make your own' salad with spinach, arugula, and mixed greens, with a hardboiled egg, dried cherries, hazlenuts, apple, chickepeas, mushrooms, roasted fingerling potatoes, and green beans! I added avocado for a dollar and I won't be able to finish it! I got the charred lemon dressing which is absolutely delightful.OH, and they serve Portland Juice Press, too!!! So awesome!!!
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/8/2014,112,125,7,10,7>Happy Hour Hottness! I can't tell you a damn thing about the dinner, but I can tell you all you want to know about the happy hour, because it is so good. To be totally honest, I do not know why I never think of hitting this place first when I think of food and cocktails... There is never a wait at night, the staff is awesome, and the location is perfectly situated in the heart of the city.Happy Hour:]3-7 Monday to Saturday- that is a big gap of time to stuff your face, and in case you aren't able to get to Ringside during those awesome hours, come for their late night HH 9p -close. OMG those steak bites with creamy horsey sauce are fantastic, a perfect little punch of protein. The Fish Tacos in a crispy taco shell -loaded with crunchy veggies and cabbage, who needs the roof of their mouth anyways?[The Calamari] is in my opinion the best, never rubbery, perfectly seasoned, ample crispy, and a little on the salty side, however I dig right in with a love so deep.The Set Up:] need to check your coat at the door? -they can do it. Live music on Friday and Saturday nights, service is always friendly, arrangeable tables, a few booths, seating at the oyster bar and cocktail bar, usually pick your own seating in the evening. The atmosphere is not as snobby as I had predicted, in fact come in with jeans, your bill Cosby sweater, and keds. Ringside is a perfect spot for any casual or fine dinning occasion.Honorable mention:]Although desserts are not apart of the happy hour menu -the Vanilla Bean Creme Brulee with freshly made cardamom doughnuts... Oh my yum! order it and be forever happy. You might have to run a set of miles the next day, but your taste buds will applaud you.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/7/2014,251,648,5,11,8>Wow! What a great breakfast! The reviews on Yelp weren't kidding!From the most delicious blueberry jam to thick and fluffy pancakes, to hash browns that are the real deal (crispy and soft), to eggs cooked to perfection and yes, I confess, a homemade cinnamon roll with cream cheese frosting (for later), this was the most incredibly delicious, homestyle cooking place! I love that the meals are $4-7 or so, and the coffee is actually really good! What a great treat to find Oliver's Cafe!It's true; the atmosphere is an odd Italianate-kind of interior -- not really matching with the coziness of the food -- (a bit stark) -- but the friendliness of the service, the deliciousness of the food, and the great prices mean that we'll be back -- and soon!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,6/6/2014,426,1757,8,10,7>Pratt & Larson is the tile vampire that has sucked years from my life. And I mean that in a good way. It is just that there are so many options that I find myself wandering through the store and the connected outlet, lost in a haze, with a zillion design ideas running through my head. Then I come home and ponder, "What about that? No, maybe that? Or, wait a second, this WITH that..." It is endless.If I lived in a house with 'character' then their custom tiles would be ideal. You can go crazy with all of their themed tiles from woodland creatures, to under the sea motifs and Moroccan-patterned and multi-hued designs. For each design you can choose the color and blend multiple colors for your custom pattern. At one point, Mr. K may have seen me glassy eyed looking at their catalog and realized he was dealing with some form of obsession. Ultimately for my current project, I went with a more modern and clean design, so I chose tiles from another source. But, for any tile project, Pratt & Larson will continue to be one of my first stops and definitely a source of inspiration. Don't miss the bathroom in the main gallery and if you are on a budget, the attached outlet store has a lot of lower-priced options if you have the time and the patience to root through the bins.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2014,6/5/2014,101,133,15,20,16>How lucky am I that this coffee shop is less than a mile from my home, and it's absolutely fantastic! As others have already stated the owner is very sweet, and helpful. Even better, the coffee is some of the best I've ever had, and I have never seen soooo many options! So far I've had the Dirty Chai, The Cin-Ful Mocha (Cinamon mocha), the Salted Carmel, The Hawaii (Coconut and Salted Carmel), and my favorite The Island (Coconut, Garibaldi chocolate, macadamia nut). The coffee, and espresso is local, and there are plenty of dairy free options.  They also carry Petunia pastries, which is a fabulous little vegan and gluten free bake shop in downtown Portland. The atmosphere is inviting, relaxing with lots of tables and bar space to hang out.
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,6/4/2014,457,244,31,21,11>The Lord God Almighty, our blessed savior from heaven above, the Alpha and the Omega, the light of the World, the Grand Poobah of heaven, creator of the sun, the moon, boobies and day drinking, in his infinite wisdom has brought forth to man a selection of heavenly cooked meats. For God said let there be barbeque in Sellwood! And there was.  And it was good.  Brisket, fried chicken and ribs. As good as it gets, 5 star hallelujah good.Can I get an amen? Well, as the Reverend Run might say, it's tricky.It's tricky because while the Good Lord blessed us with smoked meats and manna from above, the Hand of God was not with those side piece dishes. Despite the sharing of the body of BBQ Chips on the top, the Mac N Cheese needed some divine intervention.  The beans needed some resurrection from the bland.But sweet Jesus, those meats are the real deal savior, with the fried chicken being the father, the son and the holy mother fucking ghost of sinful deliciousness.So while I may have had a Psychobilly Freakout about the less than divine sides, Rev. Heat, I'm still all about the gospel of barbeque being preached at Reverend's BBQ.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,6/3/2014,131,570,13,11,10>Once upon a time, 2 children rang me up.Yes, you read that correctly.Three things about that: 1) I'm still not sure how I feel about it. Is it like working monkeys? They don't know any better?2) It's definitely not legal.3) Still, they were badass, and are certainly future math champs.Their pho is very good. I'm a huge appetizer person, but as far as entrees go I've also had their lemongrass chicken and pad thai with shrimp and tofu. All are good.The only thing I've questioned is how long it takes for pho sometimes.It's a prime lunch spot for me, especially during fall/winter. But I feel like pho should take less than 30 minutes to order, receive, eat, and pay for. Amirite?I don't like pho with chewy meat, and all of their meats have been tender. That's pho sho.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,6/2/2014,248,813,24,15,7>This is an expansion of owner Elayne Barlas' baklava business that she opened in 2004. It's a menu with two main items: gyros and baklava. Gyros can include the usual lamb-beef blend, chicken, or a veggie option (hummus, bell pepper, and kalamata olives).I inquired about the portion size. The regular gyro ($5.25) has less than 1/4 lb of meat, so panda logic required me to get the Deluxe Gyro ($7.25) that had double the meat portion. All gyros include lettuce, tomato, sliced onions, feta cheese, and tzatziki. Diced pepperoncini is available on the gyro if you want, so I got that as well.Delicious gyro here. The thin strips of meat are cooked on a griddle, and you probably get around 7-8 strips for a deluxe. Juicy, tender meat, seasoned very well. Tasty tzatziki and fresh vegetables. I'm truly convinced feta cheese makes a gyro taste that much better. I've actually considered bringing my own container of feta for gyro benders should a particular establishment not carry any.I'm not really sure if the pepperoncinis added much more for me, but then again, my palate's messed up from all those superhot stupid panda moments anyway (for example: youtube.com/watch?v=XGCI). Gotta love YouTube.I initially wondered if the baklava was from a completely separate business, but then looked online and noticed Elayne owned both endeavors. This homemade baklava is a family recipe, passed down through several generations. I like the bite-sized pieces here for easy eating, and the execution is flawless. Very enjoyable, not too sweet. No wonder Elayne is now lovingly called "The Baklava Gal." At Getta Gyro, you can get two small pieces of baklava for $1.75.Getta Gyro is generally open seven days a week. It's a family business, so I assume her family runs the stand when she is unable to. Check this spot out if you're craving a good gyro!
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,6/1/2014,194,499,9,18,13>What a lovely way to start a day! It has been a while since we have been in and each day not here is a missed opportunity to relax and relish God's gifts.A great cappa, a fine drip and then, oh gosh! He had the strata: A crusted mistura of artichoke hearts, roasted red peppers, prosciutto, spinach, eggs and cheeses. I had the biscuits and gravy, at once warm and milky but with a spicy sage pork sausage that you would want to lick off the last bit from the plate.I note that there are more small two tops for the seating, less of the big round quarter sawn oak tables, but a change people expect. I miss the bigger tables where conversations would ebb and flow with whomever sat down to add to the discussion.The baked goods looked out of this world, as they always do. We were enjoying a two day staycation, and this is just the nicest way to begin such a thing. Please, if you have not enjoyed a breakfast, a late morning nosh or a lunch here, treat yourself.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,7/3/2009,126,2155,23,18,16>Las Vegas is no place to be for more than like four days. Unless you live there, of course. Far too many potato skins and other assorted forms of nasty TGIFriday's and Sonic Burger. Aside from the In-N-Out Burger trip, nothing I've eaten in the last four days has come close to hitting the spot.Home now, Monday night. 9:30pmHungry.... What in the hell am I going to eat? Blazer fans are starting to trickle by the window. Game is out, damn. Traffic is going to suck down MLK. Zip down to car, zip down MLK, with Montage in mind. Seated at the bar. Didn't touch the menu.Rainer beer and Spold w/chicken please.Food comes out.(ponder how it totally feels like a different restaurant seated at the bar)Barkeep: "You want some hot sauce or something?"*stare at him with wide eyes* *Still staring*Me: (stuttering) wh...w...whha....what kind do you have?"Barkeep: Tapatio and Sriracha (you know, the cock sauce... erm.. Rooster Sauce)*Wide eyed stare in his direction*Me: "Oh my god... are you serious? Yeah. Hot sauce."*Barkeep brings both*My favorite meal in this town now available with Tapatio and Sriracha sauce? No nasty, stinky tabasco to be seen in the entire building??Done. Five stars..
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,7/1/2009,187,281,12,17,17>And my 100th review goes to... Vita Cafe.After perusing many Yelp reviews, I had pretty much decided to order the chicken fried "steak". My only real concern was that at least one reviewer opined that the almond gravy was too salty (a major pet peeve of mine), but that was not the case. The gravy was amazing! We're wondering if the stuff is available by the quart. The mashed potatoes were fine. The chicken fried "steak" was the tastiest tempeh dish I've ever had. Crispy coating (yeah, how do they do that?), just right combination of moisture, texture and flavor within. I had a cup of the soup of the day: spicy tomato fennel. While it was closer in texture to a marinara sauce, the flavor worked for me. And the herb-onion bread accompaniment was yummy. Topped it off with a couple of glasses of Parducci Cab Sauv. Happiness.My wife had the seitan fajitas. I only tried a piece of seitan, which was very good. Overall, I don't think her meal was up to the level of mine - could certainly have used more in the way of vegetables - but, hey, I'm reviewing mine here.Service was very good. Ambiance was kind of tacky, but who really cares? Several more things on the menu I'm looking forward to trying.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2009,6/30/2009,130,164,15,15,17>The bartender had the coolest white jeans I've seen on an old person since, well, ever.  The pool was cheap and so was the Hamm's that went down a little too easily.  I stopped being shankasaurus on the pool table long enough to wipe the smug grin off of Matthew B.'s face.We attempted to do some dry land training for the upcoming bocce season using shuffleboard as a substitute.  He won, all hail the king, blah blah blah. Funny how he had immediately suggested we switch to shuffleboard after I beat him at pool.  Definitely coming back for more shuffleboard - will channel Julie from the Love Boat in the future.Juke Box: Dinosaur Jr, T Rex, Beatles "Revolver," Velvet Underground and Prince.  Hells yeah.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,6/29/2009,9,5,15,13,10>STOP whatever your doing, put some pants on and drive/fly/run/swim over to this place and order the vegan poutine this instant! Go ahead I'll wait...........................HOLY TITS RIGHT?!?!?! If you have no idea what poutine is then just stick with a large order of fries. I suggest ordering the rosemary truffle ketchup or the pesto mayo to go with those, it will blow your mind! Either way Portland should have more of these carts. It's a simple formula: fries, late, street, cart and delicious!  Thanks Potato Champion for providing me with some late night spuds.
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2009,6/28/2009,376,599,31,32,32>Famous nines in popular culture:- The Nine Muses (also the name of a sadly defunct Portland venue) - Nine circles of Hell, according to Dante- "The Nine," a show about hostages on ABC that was cancelled by the end of its premier season- Nine Inch Nails, aka Trent Reznor, aka the only artist who ever really got me when I was 14. It was the 90's, OK?- Character Nine, a band from New York that thinks it's both Jeff Buckley's reincarnated voice and Dashboard Confessional, somehow.- "Nine," an upcoming movie starring Daniel Day-Lewis, Penelope Cruz, and Fergie. Yes, Fergie.- "The Nines," an existing movie starring Ryan Reynolds that I know nothing about other than Ryan sure looks purdy on the promotional poster.- Nine lives of a cat, which is bullshit. Just ask sadly departed Cozy. Oh wait, you can't.- The cat 'o nine tails. Meow.This brings me to The Nines, the hotel in downtown Portland, and its suspiciously sharply-dressed clientele. Sorry to break it to you, ladies and gentlemen, but this is not LA and you are not famous. Now quit hogging the seats like you're waiting for the boy to bring you your Appletini.That's not to say that the hotel isn't pretty, in an alien sort of way. I oohed and ahhed like a tourist on the celebrity homes tour-bus when I walked into the atrium area that houses the lounge, with its high domed ceiling and exposed windows. The gauzy curtains and two-sided partitions designed to give the wannabe VIPs added privacy looked well executed. The artwork, including oversized costume bling and chainmail dresses, was ... Well. If you've ever heard the CSS song, "Art Bitch," you get a sense of the aesthetic, but with money.The rooms, however, looked immediately welcoming. I like the feeling of walking into a shopping bag from a little boutique that sells soaps and purses, don't you? The predominant colors are turquoise and chocolate, though The Nines provides complimentary meringues rather than Andes wrapped sweets. The room I hung out in had a wide plasma screen and a funky disco-bead chandelier in the corner. The bathrooms looked big enough for quaint-sized orgies or yoga. Sometimes you just need your space, right? Someday, I may feel more economically suited to this odd faction of Portland culture. But the next night, when I found myself at a bar with video poker and those silly faux-wood panels, I just about kissed the first person in flannel I saw.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,6/27/2009,637,638,12,12,11>You can get pretty much anywhere in Portland via public transit. Which is great because it saves money, saves the environment, and most importantly allows me to get as wasted as I please! Growing up in So-Cal where public transit isn't widely used I associate it with being grimy. Don't sex offenders hang out on buses and wait to jerk off on you as you stare out the window? Not the case! I saw  couple sketchy things but it was no big deal, I always felt safe. On all my visits I maximize my Trimet usage and have had a great experience. In one case I was the only one on the bus and the driver was super helpful! I let her know I was visiting and unsure how to get around. Not only did she help me out and let me know how to get back home, but she pointed out interesting landmarks as we passed. You get places fast, it's pretty clean, and I don't have to deal with parking! What more could you ask for?
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,6/26/2009,122,301,8,20,9>Um, I usually don't fall in love with Mediterranean (well, this is officially Egyptian food) carts, but somehow this one blew me away.  Something about the rice was just fantastic -- sweet flavor mixed in with interesting spices to go with my chicken (I forget the Egyptian name of it) kabob.  The Egyptian salad and sauce just made it better. Wow!What's also great is that they have dishes I've never heard of before.  Not that I'm an aficionado, but what are all those salads?  The ones that look more like soups or sauces?  I want one!It's a bit pricier than other food carts (Like I always say:  I aim for a $5 meal), but the quality of food explains why most dishes will be at least $6.50.Note:  It's a mix of Mediterranean and Middle Eastern.  I just went with the Mediterranean because the gyro options stood out.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,6/25/2009,25,121,8,12,11>I'm not all that familiar with Southern food.  The boy, on the other hand, is from the south and starts salivating at the mere mention of fried chicken.  Gabe's ROTD the other day reminded me that we'd been meaning to go here, so we saved our appetites all day and headed over for an early Sunday dinner (no waiting as long as you're willing to eat dinner at 5).  Everything on the menu sounded deliciously fattening, but we settled fairly quickly on the fried chicken and mashed potatoes (him) and the Screen Door plate with fried catfish, mac and cheese, and collards (me), along with some hushpuppies to start.  YUM!!!  All of it.  He mentioned that traditional southern fried chicken is greasier and with bones, but thought the less greasy, boneless version was a welcome improvement while staying true to the southern style.  He also thought the sweet tea should have been sweeter, but I thought it was sweet enough.We somehow managed to save room for some pecan pie.  It was good, but definitely not the star of this place.  It was actually the only dessert that caught our eye, so I'd say fill up on the good fried stuff and don't worry about dessert.We also liked the atmosphere.  Our server was a little bit awkward, but super friendly and polite.  The unique combination of noise and table spacing made eavesdropping possible or avoidable, whatever you're into.  There was also some conversing between tables, and admiring of others' orders (the meatloaf looked tasty!  And I don't even like meatloaf).Now my only concern is making sure this doesn't become a regular stop.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,6/24/2009,38,82,28,25,22>Top Ten reasons why Loprinzi's kicks ass and why I'll never leave:#10) You have to sign in on a sweat and blood stained notebook.  That way I can see if Don B. has been slackin'.#9) A hanging graveyard of destroyed olympic bars decorates the front wall.#8) I had never seen someone (besides me) benchpress about 600lbs raw before.  #7) If you see a clean piece of equipment, you know you should avoid it.#6) Some of the chicks here lift more than I do.#5) The most interesting, helpful, and friendly gym-goers and owners I've met (awwww).#4) They have a crack-bin at the deadlift and clean-&-jerk stations.  Ok, it's just chalk...but some people use that stuff like it's crack. #3) All dues are honor system based, and if you don't pay, you know Loprinzi can break you. #2) They have a state of the art LCD television.  That only plays TV shows from 1950. #1) "60 Years and still going strong.  I'll never quit!"
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/10/2009,6/23/2009,126,304,11,12,12>This was the 3rd stop on my bff & my new year's eve happy hour hopping extravaganza.We stopped by here specifically because we were craving CS (aka: coconut shrimp). We had our order all planned out until the waitress told us they weren't doing happy hour right before we were going to order. We got the CS anyways along with a prickly pear & blackberry mojito. My bff's blackberry mojito was super strong. We think it was because they were trying to compensate for him ordering a girly drink (since it's a big tall guy). My prickly pear mojito was just right. Ironically we felt the drinks were "cheap" since they came in tall glasses. The coconut coating on the butterflied shrimp was not nearly crispy enough. It was more of a chewy coconut wrapping. They sat in a squiggle of jalepeno citrus marmalade that paired nicely with it. (See pics.) This may have gone over better at a happy hour price, but $11 for 6 pieces was definitely steep especially since we both make a better version.I will be back for a real happy hour next time, but I can't imagine the dishes being a good deal for full price.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2010,7/24/2010,73,8,23,15,14>So I write this review because AndrewC also goes to a salon to get his haircut, must be an Andrew thing.To put it right out there, I HATE GETTING MY HAIRCUT.Twice, in my short life, I have had to come home from the Barber and shave my head.  Shit was that bad.I usually wait as long as I can.  And that point occurs when my GF tells me to get it chopped, or about every two months.Donna personally looked at and cut every strand of hair on my head.  By hand.  No buzzers, razors, nothing.  Scissors and fingers only.  The only way hair should be cut.We chatted like it was 1990 and we were on AOL.  The cut lasted about an hour but it felt like a short brb.  Easy breezy beautiful.I swear all it will take is $50 and an hour with Donna.  You'll be over all of those bad haircut memories and you'll be on the Andrew train.
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2010,7/23/2010,196,203,5,8,8>5 stars based on happy hour. Holy crap. I thought it'd be normal cheap barfood - you know, greasy finger picking stuffs in plastic baskets with dipping sauces maybe? Oh no. These are full sized too-big-for-one-person fancy ass dishes for $3-4 apiece. I was with Joshua M. who listed all the stuff we got, so you can read all about it. Everything was great. I'm the tofu eater and while I loved the way they fried the tofu, I wasn't a big fan of the oily peanut sauce it came swimming in. I usually prefer my tofu dry with a thicker sweeter peanut sauce on the side. But I'm really being picky here, let's get real - I still ate it and enjoyed it.$1.50 PBRs, a server with crazy memory (didn't write down any of that stuff we ordered and still nailed it) and roomy booths? Yeah, this place rules.
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,7/22/2010,187,281,9,20,14>I didn't care much for the Pearl incarnation (can I use that word in a review of a vegan restaurant?) of BL for several reasons. I never had anything but good food there, but service was spotty and the whole "take off your shoes to use the restroom" thing really bugged me. I never reviewed it but I would have been hard pressed to round up to 3 stars if I had. They have solved the perceived problems in their Irvington location.We had about a 15 minute wait (Saturday night at 7) for a party of 3 but the staff kept us informed. Overall, service was excellent. I had the BBQ Tempeh platter. This started with a generously sized mixed green salad topped with beets - very fresh and tasty. The main course was perfect - flavorful sauce on the combination of tempeh and red onions. The black bean chili and cornbread sides were both great. I wish my favorite BBQ joint would get BL's cornbread recipe. The Columbia Valley Red by the glass went nicely with this.My dinner mates shared the Live Nachos appetizer and the Live Pasta entree. Tastes I had told me why they both seemed so pleased.I started this out as a 4 star review, thinking to drop a star due to my perception that they are a little pricey. Perusing their on-line menu to refresh my memory, however, deflated that perception and left me feeling that my wallet was treated fairly for the quantity and quality of food we received.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,7/21/2010,17,63,13,14,15>One of my favorite bars in Portland. Here's why:1. Most amazing patio in Portland. Let me repeat myself. Most amazing patio in Portland. It huge and hidden. From the street you wouldn't even no its there. It's kind of like a secret garden.... for adults..... with booze. 2. Grilled cheese.... with bacon..... and tomato.... and avocado.3. The fries are spicy. Not too spicy. The kind of spicy that leaves a little bit of delight on your lips. 4. Great location. downtown, right off the max. 5. Did I mention the patio? I've sat with over a dozen people comfortably. Its huge - way bigger than my apartment. and it's relatively covered, so you can enjoy it relatively year round. 6. one time I saw a young woman vomit all over the patio. at 9 o'clock. she was wasted. it was early. super gross, but super awesome. The staff was very professional and she was promptly removed from the premises and sent safely with her friends home. hey - we all have bad nights.... Seriously, this bar is great.
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,7/20/2010,222,561,9,13,11>Yes.YES!This place is the epitome of the neighborhood hangout. In MY mind, at least. I just wish Leisure had a twin closer to Southeast Portland, but I suppose it just proves that there are indeed gems to be found in St. John's.Everything is quaint yet comfy, and really is the perfect place to spend a lazy Sunday...afternoon...or evening...with your friends. While the indoors is quite a lovely bar-room setting (and bathrooms are complete with chalkboards), move a few feet outdoors, and you'll really feel the eclectic vibe. A mixture of chiseled stone chairs, long wooden benches, and wire patio furniture make it an easy sell, and the partially covered patio, encased in industrial-style metal, will keep you sheltered from the rain, but beware during the few warm days Portland gets--the heat radiation makes it slightly sweltering.But I'm willing to put up with the heat. For a little while, at least.Because if that wasn't enough, you can go play bocce...get in touch with my Italian roots.And if that still isn't enough, you need only try one of their drinks or dishes.I'm pretty sure I consumed the HANDS-DOWN BEST grilled-cheese-ish sandwich I've ever had here. I don't know how they did it, but the combination of perfectly crisp and hot bread with sweet gorgonzola, apple butter, BACON, and greens seemed to make everything okay--even the 100-degree weather. Literally. It. Was. Amazing.Wash it down with a glass of Sangria (YUM--theirs is very good) or an Old Ginger, and you might have to walk home.But please, do it at your leisure. That's why this place is here.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2010,7/19/2010,637,638,13,12,11>yadda yadda bowling yadda yadda...can we just talk about the GARLIC KNOTS for a second? Holy Lord Jesus are they delicious. They come with ranch and marinara sauce, and they are to die for. Don't make the same mistake I did, blow right past the small order and go for the big leagues. Don't forget the pitcher of beer. Mondays and Tuesdays they have quarter bowling! You play a flat fee of 6 something-or-other and the rest of your games are .25 cents. As far as bowling alleys go this place is pretty much standard, it's all about the garlic knots.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2009,7/18/2010,126,2155,13,16,20>Aside from the soon to be grammy award winning "band", "I'm Over By The Pumpkins" myspace.com/imoverbythep that emerged as a result of Ron T refusing to communicate his accurate whereabouts with me via cell phone, I learned something here.I had always been a destination type of guy. Go, go go. "Being there", not "getting there".About fourteen of us Yelp folk found ourselves traipsing through the rather muddy aisles of corn this past Halloween. We all had different versions of the same map and were attempting to collectively make our way through the maze. As time wore on we realized it was impossible to traverse the corn together, because each map had different questions and clues that corresponded to different paths to take. Ground gained on one map was lost on another. An hour or so in, about half the group was ready to "Be there", the other half, lethargic about when it would happen. (I venture to say that our stash of booze hidden in a flask had a lot to do with that.)Toward the end of the maze we climbed the steps of a tall wooden structure near the exit. The moon hit us all in the face. It was huge and illuminated the outline of the course we had just beaten. I looked at that outline then up at the moon, and back to the outline a few times before climbing back down the other side and out the exit.That night in that cornfield is where my opinion on destinations changed.Finding the exit was great, but being lost was the truly best part.*500* ;)
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,7/17/2010,122,144,9,11,14>My childhood memories of Italian pastry consist of the dry-as-sawdust sesame cookies that came in a plastic bag with the red, green and white flag that my grandfather loved.  They were (to a six-year-old) simply awful.  Ditto the soggy cannoli and spumoni with candied fruit on holidays.  I know, it's such a cliche to say "this is not your grandfather's such and such..." but seriously, DePrima is good.  Cannoli made to order, while you wait.  Scrumptious looking pizza and antipasti, but we were at DiPrima for the dolci... bought a pound of mixed cookies for a party (the baci di dama and the noci di something) and the counter person INDIVIDUALLY WRAPPED every single cookie while we waited.   DiPrima ain't cheap... our pound of cookies and a tiny cannoli set us back just shy of twenty bucks and while they were very good, if you grew up in Boston's Little Italy (or a like East coast hood) you may be disappointed.  For the best Italian pastry you're gonna find in Portland however, it's solid.
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,7/16/2010,241,429,18,16,16>Full disclosure, Joshua C works here.  You think I'd be nice because of that?  I laugh.  Ha.What will make me be nice is a egg and meatball hum bao.  A chinese scotch egg, in effect.  Oh hell yes.It's a stand up to order type joint, they'll bring the food out.  I got the (shhh) secret pad thai, I think I prefer regular pad thai.  It was a nice dish, but I miss the sweetness of the original.They got the Mexican coke, which I guess is cool but I'd rather have free refills of HFCS than a 12oz limit on real sugar.And they have macaroons, which along with Nic Batum is one of the few redeemable things from France.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2009,7/15/2010,273,418,21,13,15>Really, what can be said about the most-reviewed establishment in Portland that hasn't been said already?  OK, I'll try:It's a keyword and it's been said before but it bears repeatin' now: "Bacon Maple Bar"I recently stopped in at midnight and a guy next to us told my friend, point blank: "Deewwwwd, it's the best THING you will ever have"Note how he phrased that, not doughnut, not snack, not food..."THING".  Your first love, orgasm, and child have nothing on Voodoo Doughnut according to this herbal-scented, pink-eyed sage of the night.  Listen to him.On the walk home, my teeth had headaches.  Epic.Appendix:+1 Funfact: Voodoo has been busted in the past for making these delightful bags of fat and sugar with the aid of over-the-counter drugs, awesome.+Protip: like many of the other most-hyped, well-known places in Portland, this place is very good...and VERY bad for you (I'm looking at you Pinestate).  Enjoy these places responsibly, use in moderation.  If you have heart problems are pregnant or may become pregnant, consult your doctor first.+1 If you want to win local-points don't call it "Voodoo DoughnutS", it's "Voodoo Doughnut"+1 Also, one of the rivers running through Portland is pronounced Wil-LAM-et+1 The state is Or-uh-gun, not Or-uh-GONE
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,2/7/2013,70,54,5,8,7>I have had Voodoo doughnuts, I have had Krispe Kreme - and everything in between. These are the best doughnuts I have ever had. The maple bars have a perfect texture, soft on the inside, it tastes like a home made maple frosting on top. These cannot be beat anywhere.Their fritters are also one of a kind. The prices are reasonable and they are open late. I challenge anyone to find better doughnuts in the area. You can tell they are home made and don't seem to have that "assembly line" type of make up that Krispe Kreme's have. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,2/6/2013,30,111,6,17,14>I have mixed feelings, but the positives outweigh the negatives.The Good:1) They deliver!2) If you say "I want it HOT" (as in spicy hot), they actually make it hot.3) The pineapple curry is simply outstanding and I look forward to trying the other curry flavors.4) The little springrolls were delicious and the sauce that comes with them is great - but ask for extra sauce, they give what seems like a thimble-full.The Bad:1) I was sorely disappointed in the satay. The peanut sauce was nowhere near as good as several others that I've had, and I'm not entirely sure what makes it fall short. The texture is fine, but the flavor is just...off.In all honesty, I've been starting to think that there is a conspiracy in play to make all spicy things un-spicy. I sometimes enjoy a ridiculous amount of heat in my food. Maybe my taste buds are somehow numb and I crave the heat in order to simply "feel" something, much like how an emo-goth kid would claim that he makes himself miserable because it's better than feeling nothing. I don't know, I'm not a psychologist. My point is that too many restaurants offer things that should be spicy but they aren't - such as almost every sushi joint's wasabi.There should probably be a drinking game that involves taking a shot every time wasabi is mentioned in a thai food restaurant review. Drink up!
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,2/5/2013,70,99,12,11,11>Holy Fritters!!!Cherry, Apple, Blueberry, Raspberry Bear Claws with raspberry filling, donuts galore, juices and teas... HOW COULD YOU GO WRONG HERE!?!?I was introduced to Joe's on my second trip up to Mt. Hood and have been thankful for Joe ever since; not to mention Alex C who was responsible for that connection which is now stronger than any match dot com romantic couple claim. Those 6am meet-ups and departures are well worth it once you pull up to the little checkered shop that could have easily been plucked from any of Aesop's fables.Upon my recent visit I noticed a sign that said a $0.50 surcharge would be added to all orders under $5 if paid by debit or credit. The irony here is anyone who orders less than $5 no matter how they pay should be charged an additional $5 on sheer principle! Let's face it; they are inexpensive but there should be a method to your madness. It's imperative you map out your purchase while in line because before you know it you will be at the register. It is a surprise but the line moves that quickly, especially on mornings when both registers are open. So, please allow me to detail just how you should plan your order:1. Order what you would like to eat now2. Pick out a beverage3. Decide and order what you would like to eat later!!!#3 is especially important because you will work up an appetite after hit the mountain all day! Shredding refers to more than snow; even if you stop for lunch you will still return to the car as if you had climbed the Himalayas and at that time there's nothing more satisfying than a full Cherry Fritter waiting for you in the car!Here's to Joe!
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/4/2013,1295,556,5,11,7>The Tabor is not the Tabor of old and has a new owner... I know, I know what you are thinking...sure, that is what we have heard before! But no, not this time. This time the owner actually genuinely cares to see this venue come back to life. It is amazing watching this once super seedy crack den turn into something else. You can see the freaking floor of the green room for starters! And the grain on the main dance floor is actually visible! They got rid of the broken pool table and broken video games and there are plenty of remodeling plans in the works from what I hear! Attending events here is now pleasurable with their cheap drink prices but much less stank environment. I also hosted an event here and dealing with the staff was great - one of the managers even brought me a plate of fruit and such after I was at the venue a few hours working on stuff - it was such a thoughtful touch.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,2/3/2013,241,429,14,11,10>Jesus, pies.  Why do we not eat more of these?  Pies have the third highest awesome quotient of any food (after hamburger & pizza).   They're not even that hard to make, but the ones I've made are nothing compared to these bad boys and girls.Me & the GF came here for some kind of charity donation thingie.  It took a hurricane to get us to make the trip, so thanks East Coast for taking that hit.I got the shepherd's pie.  Ground beef and mashed potatos.  Something like allspice, too.  Not wild about it but it was still pretty damn good.  GF got a traditional pot pie and it looked pretty good.  I didn't try it because it had mushrooms and I don't mess around with athlete's foot.  Yech.They have a full bar and snooty mixers if you're into that kinda nonsense.  The beer selection is similarly obnoxious stuff you've never heard of, so they don't get the fifth star.Last I must say they're a leetle overpriced.  The pies are kinda small in the $8-10 range.  Less food than a similarly priced burger would be, certainly.  They're filling enough, but when I got the bill I was unpleasantly surprised.  Not enough to keep me away, hell no.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/24/2012,2/2/2013,105,60,26,16,12>Oh, I FEEL for you, Backstage employees. Sometimes it can be downright PAINFUL to have to talk to people. All you wanted was a job where you could sling a few drinks, keep a low profile, and hide behind a movie theater. But your boss, Joe McMenamin, forgot to mention one important little fact. The customers.It must have been so surprising on your first night! You, just relaxing by yourself, sitting in a beautiful bar with 200 foot ceilings, studying the mural, maybe knocking around some billiards, when all of a sudden a person came in and ordered a drink! Who are these people? Why do they always want you to make them drinks and bring them food? Can't they see you were just starting to enjoy your privacy?So, I understand, I really do, when you forget to put the Terminator in the Terminator milkshake. IT HAPPENS. And instead of reblending the milkshake, you just offer a small glass of beer and suggest to pour it in and mix it by spoon. Why should you be bothered? It's not like waiting on people was part of your job description or anything! Also, thank you for giving up on our table of 6 after a while. We had no intentions of ever ordering another drink - how did you know? So PSYCHIC!Man, you've got it made, you really do. You've got a job at a McMenamins! The beer/restaurant/hotel conglomerate of the Northwest! And not just any McMenamins - the one with the tall ceilings and full size pool tables! Keep up the good work! Hopefully, for your sake, your lack of care and service for those people ordering drinks will eventually deter them from coming. And then maybe you can finally get some peace and quiet.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,2/1/2013,265,215,12,9,12>Oh, heyyyyyyyyyyyyy guys. Swift is my next door-neighbor bar. 9 times out of 10, when I'm meeting a friend for drinks, I'll head here or Rose and Thistle. While I've extolled the virtues of the RAT before (to recap: cheap champagne and amazing hummus plate) I haven't yet shared my thoughts about Swift Lounge.Why 5 stars? Well, for what it does, it does it perfectly. It's a little loud in there for me sometimes, but that's just because it's so crowded because it's so rad and the peeps flock here. (See what I did there? Flock? Like birds? Because of their bird theme? Nevermind.)Their menu offers slightly quirky vegan options (brown rice and kimchi, what the dickens?!  I'll take 2.) that are hecka affordable, especially during Happy Hour. And speaking of Happy Hour, HELLLLLOOOOO $3 Sangria. With rotating flavors, these light and fruity drinks are a major reason to hit up Swift. I recently tried a jalapeno apricot flavor that was OUTSTANDING.  Gimme more!*And their most famous contribution to humanity--the Mason Jar drinks. I can't even. Just. Wow. Big Boozy jars filled with housemade infusions, herbs, fruit and mixer? GAH. These things go down your throat wicked easy and are wicked dangerous. Be careful, young drinkers!When Colosso closed down and Swift reopened in their stead (am I dating myself?), I wasn't sure if they were gonna make it. Cursed spots and all. But Swift knows what they're doing and I'm more than happy to see them succeed, especially if it means more sangria for me.* I  just had one glass of sangria. I woulda had more than one had I not just attended a major wine and champagne portfolio tasting. And a woman never spits, so post-wine-tasting, one sangria was all this girl needed.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/31/2013,202,297,13,20,16>Le Pigeon must be french for. "Oh my God" because those are the words you will moan after every life-altering bite. Bring a tissue. You will cry. The food is so good the outpouring emotion can only be expressed in tears.Bring your wallet. Life-altering, tear inducing food is not cheap. But you owe it to your soul to try the 7 course tasting menu at $85/person. No, you can't afford it every week. No, you can't afford to do it once a month. No, you might not afford to do it once a year or even a decade. But the $85 is worth every penny for once in your life. For me, I've waited 10 years to finally dine at Gabriel Rucker's Le Pigeon and I am so mad at myself it took me so long to get it off my bucket list. I'm so mad that I've grounded myself. The terms of my grounding: Go to Le Pigeon for every birthday.The food is perfectly balanced, super creative, and complete in every way from conception (Gabriel Rucker) to execution (like chef Andrew).  Case in point, the best dish was the tapioca risotto with smoked trout roe, uni, and caramelized grapfriut. Texturally, it blew my mind since the tapioca pearls and trout roe were the same shape but contrasted in flavor. Then the Uni adds a salty brininess. My pallette was then stunned by the crunchy, bright caramelized grapefruit. Get the fuck out of here.  Every course was just as perfect. And holy fucking shit, the FOIE GRAS profiteroles! Believe the hype! The crispy yet fluffy cream puffs stuffed with foie gras cream are drop dead delicious. The foie gras cream is the stuff of dreams.The topping looks like powdered sugar, but that would be too easy. The foie gras profiteroles are topped with a molecular creation of powdered FOIE GRAS FAT. My wife and I swore we would just drop in one late night just to have this dessert again. Yes H.F.S. The service was as impressive as the food. They gladly took my measly $25 restaurant.com voucher. I brought my own bottle of wine for a $20 corkage fee and my server was happy to oblige and serve. Our food was brought out and the dish was expertly described down to every component. The Quick, friendly, and  educated staff made my birthday dinner that much more enjoyable.I made a reservation, but noted I would like to sit at the counter. Le Pigeon doesn't hold chef counter seats, but if it opens up when you arrive for your reservation, then they will let you sit down at the counter. It  was so much fun to watch the talented chefs in action and talk to them about their craft. All  the accolades, nominations, awards, and 5 star-reviews cannot begin to prepare you for Le Pigeon.
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2012,1/30/2013,216,263,1,19,7>Before I came to Mata Leao, I had no idea what I was looking for in a workout. All I knew was that I wanted to find something that challenged me, while providing an outlet from my stressful days at the office. As a workaholic I could never find the time (or motivation) to fit in vigorous exercise - unless plopping down on the couch after a long day to Law & Order: SVU marathons counts as exercise. And whenever I tried to go to the big box gyms I felt out of my element - wandering in at random hours (and having to share equipment, space, etc...) with random strangers (some of whom seemed to have a staring problem) just wasn't my thing.One day I decided I wanted to take up kickboxing (what the hell, right? Let's punch and kick things - legally and for recreation!). For the next month I tried a handful of different trial classes at gyms in Portland. They were fine, but all seemed to be missing one thing or another. At one gym the instructor stood in front of the class shouting commands over the sound of music (while I felt like a noob swinging/kicking wildly without abandon or instruction); at another gym the students barely spoke to each other before, during or after class - sheesh, lighten up! Kickboxing should be fun! The whole search felt like a crazy, time-consuming whirlwind - one that was (literally) a pain in the butt.The reason I came to Mata Leao was because Omar (the head instructor) offered a (real, no-joke, no-contract) free 30 day trial. A much different approach than the last gym I visited where the instructor acted like a salesman frantically trying to lock me into a sale. Omar offers the trial because he knows that after someone spends a couple weeks with the instructors / fellow students, they'll never want to leave.Annnnnd yes, that's exactly what happened to me. As someone with no past sports experience, I was surprised at how quickly I picked up Muay Thai / kickboxing, and how fast my body adapted  to the workout-  I was losing weight, toning up, and feeling less stressed. On top of the physical benefits, I loved finding another social circle to be a part of. Mata Leao is like a big family; all the instructors (and students) are compassionate, ethical, and friendly, on top of being fierce fighters (whom, I should note, regularly beat other gyms in competitions to win awards - Booya!). I have no doubt that Omar is the most talented and highly-skilled martial arts instructor in Portland. And if you choose to join the gym I know you'll agree with me.All in all, I started my search looking for a great workout. I ended my search after I found the place that would give me this and so much more.
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,1/29/2013,94,218,2,9,9>Went here last night for the first time with my boyfriend and a girlfriend of mine.  Wow!  I have been remiss!  This place has been open for 2 years and I FINALLY checked it out.  I must say that it is now on my radar and probably one of my top 5 bars in the Portland area.It is classy yet low key, a fairly large space that works well for an intimate date in one of their rounded booths as well as for a group of friends seeking out non-typical cocktails.  I ordered the And & And.  Actually, I ordered two because they were sooo tasty!  Tart with just a hint of sweetness.Service was uber friendly.I am looking forward to my next visit!
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2007,4/24/2007,189,360,,1,2>This is a small airport compared to Seattle or Chicago or other such cities but it is AMAZING.  Everything is clean and inviting.  Excellent selection of stores and restaurants.  My bags arrive on time and I'm always directed to the proper carousel or gate by informative and accurate signs.For the hard to please, not only is the airport PERFECT, it offers free wireless internet.I recommend getting to/from the airport on the light rail, though long-term parking is a good deal as well.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2006,4/23/2007,163,907,,4,4>We decided to take a trip over here after spotting a 50% off coupon for a single item, thinking we'd drop in and take a quick look.  We ended spending a lot more time (and money) than planned, and could have spent a lot more!We were a little surprised to find it right in the middle of a nice residential neighborhood, rather than strip mall.  The store is clean and laid out well, with a great lingerie selection that rivals Frederick's in quantity, but not price.  Sure, there's the usual novelties, magazines, and DVDs, but this is really a store for couples to enjoy together.  In fact, I think during our hour there all the customers were couples.  That really says a lot.While the lingerie selection is the main draw, the most interesting section is in the back - toys.  Not only will you find pretty much any shape, style, and size you could possibly desire, but several high-end models are on display and even power up for you to try (well...try...but not "try").  The staff was extremely helpful but not pushy, and made you feel very comfortable.  If you've wanted to do some umm err "shopping" with your sweetie but think they might be a little embarassed about the experience, this is the place to go.  A perfect mix of sensuality and practicality.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2006,4/22/2007,37,141,3,1,>Needed: Dinner for 1.75 vegetarians, near the Roseland theatre, before the Decemberists show started.And so we found Greek Cuisina. In all honesty, it would have been impossible not to find Greek Cuisina; there's a gigantic purple octopus decorating its building. We grabbed seats at the bar, and ordered a selection of mezze -- dolma, tabouleh, hummus, etc. The saganaki was delicious, really, everything you could hope for in a dish of fried cheese. A few more appetizers came out, and then our server came flying out of the kitchen shouting "WAIT!"...It turns out that she had noticed that we'd only ordered veggie stuff, and ascertained that we were probably vegetarians, and wanted to warn us that there was chicken broth in the hummus. That was perceptive and awesome of her, and earned the restaurant back a couple of stars that they lost for putting chicken broth in their hummus, because what the fuck, really?(And in case you're wondering, .75 of a vegetarian would be a person who eats veggie 75% of the time, not a vegetarian cut off at the knees. People have tried to float the term "Flexitarian", but we all know that's just silly.)
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2006,4/21/2007,27,78,,2,2>I may be a little biased but this woman makes beautiful jewelry. The earing and necklace sets that were made for my wedding were everything I was hoping for! I only hope the bridesmaids love them as much as I do!!!
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2006,4/20/2007,14,43,2,2,2>My husband and I often treat ourselves to a dinner at Jake's.  We usually start the night in the bar waiting for a table.  Excellent staff.  I love the cozy two person tables in the back.  The seafood is good... just be sure to order what is "fresh".  I love the crab cakes and the steak is quite delicious too.  Helpful hint: Make reservations. Valet parking available.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2007,4/19/2007,146,334,3,4,6>I have had a few chances to spend time in this place, and I've enjoyed every one of them.You should look at the picture on the Yelp listing: the view, the nice seats, and the  hors douevres.  That picture says a lot about the Portland City Grill.  Great view, nice seats, and the happy hour specials on food are STELLAR.  The drinks from the full bar are excellent!  It's a little bit more expensive than your run of the mill bar in Portland, but the view and the great drinks make it worth the trip.My favorite part about this place is the pianist.  If you read the other reviews,  you know that this guy definitely likes to dabble in the rock and roll.  The last time I was there, he did an expert rendition of "Smells Like Teen Sprit."  You know, with full piano chords rather than the standard 'power chords' that one generally hears on the radio.  This subversive, sneaky bastard snuck "Smells Like  Teen Spirit" in on his way to San Jose.  That's right.  He segued into "Do You Know the Way to San Jose" like he was putting his socks away.  Gorgeous, smooth, understated.  Combine the great pianist (you have to love saying that word, "pianist", I know I do) with the great appetizers, the great drinks, and the RIDICULOUS VIEW, and well, you have yourself a great place for a happy hour.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2007,4/18/2007,478,401,2,3,2>The best damn French onion soup in the city!  Generous amounts of melted Gruyere, perfectly toasted.  Killer broth too.  Good pastas as well.  I had a penne dish with chicken and artichoke hearts that was incredible.  Remind me to hit this place up next time I'm in Portland!
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2007,4/17/2007,55,113,9,7,3>When my husband I first moved in together (before we were married)my Dad suggested we get movers. We had always done the get beer and pizza for our friends and spend the entire weekend unloading the truck. We decided since we were in a hurry to give it a shot. First Choice Movers came highly recommended. We liked them. At the time they were $55 an hour and they did the entire move in 3 hours!We were sold. Never a again would we do the old Uhaul style.So 4 days later when I decided to leave him, I called First Choice Movers. Again I was very happy with the service. 1 week later when I decided to get back together with him, they were just as great and only made a couple jokes at my expense. Which I completely deserved. I never left him again. We married within a year after the 3 moves in 2 weeks incident. But we have moved (together) 2 more times since and have never been disappointed. We also recommend them to everyone that asks us to help them move. They are now more around $75 and hour, but they are still fast and worth every penny!
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2007,4/16/2007,88,385,3,3,5>This seemed like some sort of Fred Meyer's mecca. Granted, it was my first trip to this chain, which is a melange of almost every store you can think of, plus a gas station, so I was a little overwhelmed. Let's see if I can summarize: There were groceries, jewelry, clothing, garden supplies, bed and bath supplies, furniture, I might be missing something, but you get the picture. I had held off (for three days) going into a Fred Meyer's because I thought, who feels like another store with a bunch of cheap crap in it- but oh how wrong I was. Now, note to you gentle reader, you have to be ready to devote some time, and know that you will be hauling around a ton of stuff in your cart through aisles that seem to never ever ever end. That said, Fred Meyer's is heaven on wheels for a recent resident/student mixing the fact that I need everything and have no $$$. I loved that there even existed a natural foods section, and that there were decent prices for things I had formerly gone to Whole Foods to try to find. While the store is large, it feels almost like you're in a mall, and don't have to haul your bags around with you, rather you just roll your cart. I liked this local version of TARGET/WALMART, which in some way seemed more neighborhood-y. This location seemed to be a big one, especially because they had a gas station in the parking lot. It was very easy to park, and the check out lady, Angela, filled me in on getting the rewards card, to save $ on gas and other perks. Usually I'm not a fan of these cards, but with a car load of almost 100% organic groceries, some throw pillows, a flat of plants and a big smile on my face, I knew that swiping my new Fred Meyer's card may come a little bit too easily in the next few days.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2007,4/15/2007,46,172,3,1,1>A very decent pizza place on Hawthorne. Lots of fun, innovative toppings -- as well as the old standbys, like pepperoni, and tasty plain cheese, which is all I really need to fill my belly when the blood sugar is low. The service is rapid and courteous.Though I just remembered that the one time I came in here to get whole pies, I came with three meat-eaters who refused to entertain the notion of ordering a veg pie, then left me to order and pay for an entire cheese pie on my own. I was scraping by on unemployment, and they were all gainfully employed, so I resented this enormously. Then all three of them wanted slices of cheese. I resented this even more enormously.So, a couple of public service announcements:- If you eat meat, there are plenty of ways to work out a compromise with vegetarians in your party that don't involve sticking her with the price of a whole pie. These include half-and-half topping combinations (seriously, would it have been so hard?); compensating her for the slices you assholes invariably end up eating; putting out (thanks, Jack) and giving her gas money in exchange for chauffering you around all goddamn weekend (thanks, Ed). The only remaining alternative is to live the rest of your life in uneasy company with your friend's long memory, short temper and suspected dalliance with the black arts (thanks, Steve). - If you find yourself in a situation similar to the one I faced that day, order two slices and tell your friends to go to hell. No matter what they say, the meat eaters ALWAYS want a slice of the vegetarian pizza. Always.- Alternatively, ditch your friends on the curb, tell them to WALK back to Northeast, and go get yourself a damn burrito. Which is clearly what I should have done.So, to sum up:Hot Lips: 5 starsMy Friends: Minus a million points. (Just kidding. I got even the following morning by forcing them to walk to Gravy with me, in the pouring rain, and then discovering that Gravy was actually closed. Keep in mind, these were non-Portlanders who were huge babies about having to walk in the rain for 20 minutes, so I get everything evened out in the end. Ha ha!)
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,5/10/2010,122,301,6,13,8>I made a point to try The Observatory again after the Elite Event -- it's just as amazing as I remembered!First of all, everything is so cheap!  A cheese plate that could easily serve four people was only $11.  We're talking about some really good cheese, roasted garlic, bread (tons!), melon salsa and miscellaneous fruit.We we were well on our way to being stuffed before our Quinoa-Mushroom Veggie Burger and Chicken Fried Chicken came out.  I have to say this is probably the best veggie burger out there, I'm just saying.  The chicken with potatoes and gravy came with the most delicious brussel sprouts.I love the atmosphere, too.  It's at an odd spot just off of 82nd, but the area quickly turns into this hip niche that doesn't quite fit in with it's immediate neighborhood.  I wish this place was closer to where I live -- I'd be there a lot!
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2009,5/9/2010,104,175,7,10,8>If you're like me, you've been tattooed in a number of shops, ranging from the places that blast angry music and are filled with people who look like they might stab you at any minute, to the wonderful places like Skeleton Key where people are smiling, the personal art of the employees hangs on the wall, Johnny Cash is playing, the front door is propped open, and there's no flash to be found. My first tattoo came from a mightily questionable place back in the underbelly of DC (which is thankfully now closed), another came from a place that I still believe was a front for a drug-running operation, and  so on and so forth. My most recent piece (my seventh tattoo and sixth text piece) came from the glorious Chaz Vitale at Skeleton Key. We spoke on a Saturday and booked my appointment for the following Saturday - yesterday. The whole process was amazingly painless - Chaz has a light touch and an easy smile and made me feel right at home even while I was in the throes of my customary pre-tattoo jitters.The tattoo itself is wonderful - he suggested that it wrap around my bicep which gives it a fantastic flow and more visual interest, and the lettering is crisp, clear, and beautiful. I knew I liked Chaz when he went to retouch the letters near my armpit and I didn't punch him. Getting tattooed near the pit is a special kind of pain reserved only for nightmares and revenge. I've already informed him that he HAS to do my next piece (Audre Lorde) in a month or so. Getting tattooed here was a pleasure - an hour or so of laughs, warm air circulating through the building, and easy conversation with Chaz, my friend who accompanied me, and the other artist. Make sure you check out Chaz's work hanging on the wall, too! A unicorn boning a cupcake! Superb!
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2010,5/8/2010,187,281,7,10,11>Tonight I lost my mantra. It used to be "I've yet to have decent Chinese food in Portland". Tonight my sweetie (poor baby has a cold) was craving Hot & Sour Soup. With her not up to venturing out, we decided upon delivery. Making liberal use of recommendations on yelp, we ordered S&S Soup, Special Fried Rice and Ginger Chicken. Delivery was incredibly quick - I'm just blocks from this location and I couldn't have driven and parked (much less walked) in the time it took for the knock upon our door. We ate at LG going on 4 years ago when we first arrived in Portland. My sweetie even remembers some of what we ordered then (obviously, she squandered fewer brain cells in her youth than i did). Something Moo Shu. All I remember (as she does) is that I was not impressed. I gotta say I'm happy with our return. S&S Soup was 3+ stars. Ginger Chicken and Special Fried Rice both solid 4 stars. Service (on the phone and delivery) has to rate 5. Happy, happy, happy. LG is back on my list and I'll be visiting and ordering "to go" in the future.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2009,5/7/2010,637,638,30,28,21>Kudos to Red and Black Cafe for offering mimosas, because nothing about this place says champagne. In fact I imagine it saying something more along the lines of Fuck Champagne. I came in for coffee but switched gears when saw that they had mimosas ($4) because lets face it that's how I roll. The idea of this place really makes me smile. They have workshops, movies, and craft night! There calender of events included things like writing letters to political prisoners night. I noticed they are open to hosting events too which I found sweet. It's a nice place to kick back and relax. They have zines and other literature to enlighten you during your visit. Don't forget to bring cash, because fighting the man doesn't involve having a credit card machine. Come in, grab a vegan something or other, a coffee, and brush up on your radical politics. They also have a picture of Bruce Springsteen that says something to the effect of "this is the only boss we answer too"- Amen Comrade!
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,5/6/2010,126,2155,27,30,23>FYI - In the photography world, telling a photographer that "they have a nice camera" in reaction to seeing one of their photos is the equivalent of arbitrarily asking a larger lady if she's pregnant.Unfortunately, the offensiveness isn't as obvious since the statement is so common and the person making it is innocently looking for something positive to say about the image. Couple that with the fact that most people have no idea why they like a certain photo over another and suddenly the overall composition and artistry of the image ends up translating into what the viewer verbally interprets as the result of the purely technical aspect of the art - the camera.Never mind the concept, the framing, the angle, the choice of ISO, the exposure, the shutter choice, the time of day, the use or disuse of flash, the lighting conditions, the elemental conditions, the subject, the emotion, the post production (be it photoshop or a print lab), the mounting or the presentation. Never mind all of that, it's just the camera. You see, for less than $1000 you can buy a camera that takes National Geographic quality images, every time, and all you've got to do is point it at something for this magic to occur. Click the shutter and instantly the fore and background subjects will align themselves into perfect harmony creating an award winning photograph. Clouds will vanish, a patriotic bird with it's mouth open will cross into the picture, smiling children holding balloons will assemble then quickly disappear when the shutter clicks closed, and your lighting will come out absolutely PERFECT.Ok that's total sarcasm to drive the point home, but the real deal is that  you wouldn't tell a painter that "they must use really nice brushes" in response to seeing an awesome painting they made. Get the drift?The other real deal is that for the folks out there who don't rely on the automatic setting on their camera and subsequent auto-color correct feature in the Photoshop menu, Pro Photo Supply is your best bet in Portland. Just kidding, the "auto-crowd" is totally represented, too. And welcomed!Pro Photo Supply delivers amazing products at market prices and checks the pretension at the door. Unfortunately photography is one of those realms where pretension (at least appears) to run rampant. To the first time shooter, camera settings are one big ball of confusion, the "M" setting is a total nightmare and no one seems to want to help you navigate. Not true at PPS. Every time I've been in, I've always overheard someone receiving quality explanations to questions presented by all skill levels.Unfortunately every time I come in I also drool over the new Canon 5D full frame digital camera that retails at nearly $3000 for the body alone, and the plethora of dark room equipment that I don't have room for in my apartment without rendering my bathroom totally useless. I leave softly weeping. Someday. Someday!Be careful upon exit, PPS is pretty popular and many types of people rotate right through. Some even look pregnant.     ....Doh!!
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,5/5/2010,301,344,8,8,7>STINKY BEANS!!! Probably the best story I heard the other day was when I was at lunch for a meeting. Located in the eclectic FUBONN Mall on 82nd, this restaurant certainly lived up to what I wanted in excellent Malaysian cuisine. It wasn't very busy when we arrived and got seated right away. For appetizers we had Roti Canai, a very light and flaky bread with curry dipping sauce. My friend was from out of town and made an additional 9 orders to take home to his family. The staff was somewhat stiff at first when my friend was asking about the quantities of the bread and how much it would cost to buy in bulk. After hearing our confusion discussion, the staff came back and made sure my friend was taken care. The compromise payed off and the service excelled from that moment forward. I ordered the steamed white chicken with chili sauce and white rice. The chicken was very moist and was simply pure all white meat; no grizzle like other places serve. The chili sauce was spicy but not to the point where my mouth was burning with each bite. Surprisingly I did not grab the black pepper since the chili sauce provided the heat I was looking for. My friend had shrimp with "special beans". The staff was very anxious to tell what they were but would patiently wait until after the meal was over. When we had finished, the staff came by and told the story of how the beans were from a far away forest and would marinate in the dirt and grimy mud hence given the name "stinky beans". Apparently they cannot be found here in the U.S. Despite that, I enjoyed the bold flavor and tried not to think about the "stink"
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,5/4/2010,16,98,5,12,6>If you can astonish a large group of yelpers, you have to be doing something right.  Today, I ordered the massaman curry chicken from Just Thai, and everyone at the Yelp table was astonished at the giant portion I received for just $5.And not only was it a ton of food... it was a ton of delicious food.  Plenty of fresh white-meat chicken, deliciously balanced curry sauce.  I requested their hottest spice level, and amazingly it was actually hot!  Not "I'm going to cover this in pepper flakes" hot, but actually cooked into the sauce goodness hot.As has been said, it's almost enough to make me give up cooking and live off of leftovers.  I don't understand how this place makes a profit.  If you're in the area, you have to check it out.Just make sure you stop by before noon.  Any later, and the line can get really long.  Now I know why.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,5/3/2010,122,144,15,16,14>"Indeed, if I had a few of these I'd be sans pants.  Not even necessarily in a sexy way." (Brice, after the Sans Knickers, a concoction of gin, and "some orange shit."  his words.  Good thing we stopped at one.  He doesn't use "indeed" often.)Calling a place vintage and painting the walls burgundy is a bit of a cliche.  But Vintage delivers the goods, in a city where the cocktail bar is constantly set ever higher these days.  I had the Tabor Reservoir, which we actually both agreed was better: gin, lemon, lavender.  Rivals the lavender lemon drop at The Observatory a few doors down, but only because it's a little less sweet.  Clearly a subjective judgment.  (as they all are.  In fact, as any review is.  Forgive me, I'm teaching aesthetics this quarter.)  Beautiful bar, and a glance behind reveals a pretty comprehensive selection.   If you're a scotch drinker you may be disappointed; no Glenmorangie, no Lagavulin, but they do have Laphroaig.  FWIW I would have loved to see a house cocktail with scotch; that's a challenge that bars in Seattle have picked up recently that I've yet to see in our fair city.  Maybe once we get over the absinthe moon-eyes that'll happen.So in sum: the somewhat cliched theme is overridden by the great drinks, chill atmosphere.  Really fresh ingredients, and it'd be great to see what this little place will come up with when they get a little more risky, a la Beaker and Flask.  That's a much better spirit model to look to than Secret Society, which is where it feels like Vintage is going right now.  Just my subjective two cents.  What's NOT up for debate?  If you wanna get your date sans knickers, this is it.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2009,5/2/2010,241,429,17,17,19>Pot.Roast.Sandwich.Oh, ohhh, ohhhh, FUCK yes.  Is this a done thing somewhere?  Can I live there?  This had never occurred to me and the results were dope, bomb and all other semi- or pseudo-subcultural superlatives.  It comes with those crispy onion things that aren't really crispy, nor particularly representative of the onion. But I know some people dig those so I won't knock them.It's a new spot and you can tell by the combination of enthusiasm and, um, unwieldiness.  Or whatever.  But the food is great and they have a full bar if you wanna get tanked with your sandwich.JW says check it out.Did I mention that they put pot roast on a sandwich?  And it was good?
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2010,5/1/2010,247,226,13,11,10>I was hesitant to give this review because i didn't want to leak the cheapest thrift store in Portland  to a bunch of trust fund babies who don't actually NEED to save money oh but what the hell!  this place rules for cheap digs ! You gotta dig through stuff your mom wouldn't even wear but then it is all worth it when you find  that awesome flamingo shirt you had when you were 5 or  brand new Levi boyfriend jeans hell yeah!  teen challenge also rocks for cheap furniture and kitschy  things that remind me  of better days when i didn't have to pay rent ahh yeah i remember back then....they are also super friendly and helpful and  its all for a good cause.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,4/1/2014,44,191,6,8,8>This spot has been open for just a few months, and I saw that my regular list of trusted Beaverton/Hillsboro reviewers (looking at you Cheryl, Scott, and Janet) had all given it 4 & 5 stars already so it became my clear choice for lunch.Get the Egg Rolls. Oh my, so good. Crispy, delicious, and not too oily with a light, sweet and spicy dipping sauce. I also had the Pad Kee Mao (Drunken Noodles) with Chicken and it was amazing. Really complex flavors, leading with basil and chili, culminate in a tingling spiciness that's delicious and super satisfying. The chicken is small pieces, some ground and some small chunks, really letting the noodles star in the dish. Warning though, this is listed as Spicy on the menu, meaning that although they will and do adjust the spice level to your preference, "mild" on a Spicy dish is still pretty hot if you are a spice wimp like myself. I knew that would be the case (as it should be!) but went for it any way and I'm glad I did, but as so many other places serve "mild" as "flavorless" it's worth pointing out.On that note....service is wonderful, friendly and attentive and my server kept that water glass filled as I sweated it out. Thai Iced Tea might have been a better choice for tempering the spice now that I think about it, I'll remember that for next time.Good. So good. If you're not familiar with Cambodian food, but maybe like Thai or Vietnamese, give this a shot as there are some familiar flavors here presented in some new ways and it's well worth a try of it's own.
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,3/31/2014,10,87,5,12,7>I'm so happy I stopped in to meet the new kid in town!Natural Grocers is fantastic in so many ways. They have a huge vitamin, supplement, personal care, and bulk nuts & grains inventory. Most items I saw were anywhere from $1 to $3 cheaper than the other local natural foods stores. BONUS!They only have a tiny fresh food section; their focus is obviously on nutrition and staples. I didn't fully check out their cold section, but at a glance saw cheeses and meats in refrigerated cases. I'd expect you'd find savings there too.They also have a great demonstration room and offer classes in nutritional health. You can check out their website to see what's offered.Big, wide aisles, clean, friendly help...What a great place to to stretch a buck. Natural Grocer's will definitely be my new "go to" for stocking my pantry. New kid, you are my new best friend!
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,3/30/2014,158,216,8,10,11>There are very few times I have finished a meal and just had to share a review. I was BAH-LOWN away. early morning sunday, my in-laws visiting, we thought maybe screendoor? we risked it. even at 830 there was a massive line. ok plan B to the yelp app i go.. got it; din din. I am so glad for that line. We walk in, immediatly greated with soft sumptious creamy butter filled aroma, gently coaxing your senses to wake up and be alert, this is serious business.This is a feast for the eyes. When I say every detail? I mean every detail. The art installation to the antique cabinet they keep the flatware in, everything has been thought through for a complete experience. This doesnt feel like a restaurant, it feels like a little farm cottage youve come to visit, and ohai heres the most incredible food. i think the reason im so excited about this experience is because its the best way to show someone the difference between eating and dining.in total we probably were there 2 hours. we ordered pretty much everything on the menu. im still in a glutenous euphoric haze, so if this description becomes too tangentle, please excuse my little musing. so, without further delay lets get to the food.first course- artisanal cheese de jour with brandied figs. cheese =always good. cant go wrong with a cheese plate in my mind. the figs were syrupy sweet,paired with an oaky goat cheese and mounds of fresh kens bread and creamy room temp butter.radishes dusted with salt. sweet, spicey, crunchy tender little veggie treats. simple is best sometimes. highly reccomended as a nice palate cleanser, cause man is the richness coming.second course-toast soaked in honey and spices, creamy rich goat cheese, shaved ham. if theres more than one of you theres going to be problems sharing, this was absolutely my favorite. the texture and saltiness from the ham and that rich smoothness of the cheese, and the holy moly whats with the awesomeness of the bread, makes this my first pick.main courses-duck egg with foie gras omlette - made me see a little bit of heaven, and my friends its built with bricks of butter. so rich. so so rich youd think it was the queen of england. chicken salad with poached egg - have you ever poached an egg? no. cause its really hard to do well. and now you really dont have to cause i'm telling you where to get the most perfect poached egg. youre welcome. the shreded chicken was moist and well seasoned. very enjoyable.rabbit flaps omlette with casis and dark chocolate sauce - or as i called it happy easter! this my darling foodies is like, deathrow last meal type of  a dish. it is all the things and more. there was a anisy lingering after-taste on the rabbit, an omlette julia childs would have orgasmed over and endives careful drizzled with a emulsified vinegrette. the dish is a work of art. last course - marmalade tart with creme fraise- even good marlmalade can be bitter, with strange bits of rind that arent plesant. needless to say, iam not a huge fan.  but maybe its cause ive never had candied orange rind with apricots in a sturdy butter tart? cause if this is what marmalade is? im totally into it. almond pound cake with candied kumquats- the cake was crumbly and on a drier side but really just the right touch to a spectacular meal.so some things to consider:dont rush your experience, go when you want to visit and catch up with some friends. order lots of stuff. it comes out at a leisurely eating pace. They are small plates but man i am blown out full. this style of food and eating is not for everyone. you will not find big plates of gut busting heaps of gravy and potatos at $8. the menu is small and well thought out. dont be typical be a super eater!  this is possibly the most impressed ive been with a portland dining experience. the surroundings, the service which by the way, outstanding. our server really gave that feeling of "you hungry? let me feed you sit down". the whole time realy i felt like i was in a home or like a bed and breakfast and having hospitality, a geniune surprise. why are you still reading? you should be there right now.GO!
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,3/29/2014,457,356,7,10,8>The Wife, The Tax Deduction and I have always been and continue to be big supporters of fire-fighters.  Every Fourth of July we join a few other people and cook lunch for all ten fire stations in Vancouver, we have a political action committee that backs public safety, we enter the chili cook-off at Fire in the Park.  When we heard about a sub sandwich place that was started by and supports fire-fighters we were there to check it out.I tried to not be a little biased walking in for the first time but the awesome just oozes out of the decor in this place.  Murals of fire-fighters, the smells assault your senses, fire equipment on the walls, friendly and helpful staff standing by in case you are new to the experience.  Then, I saw, over in the beverage area one of those new Coca Cola Freestyle Machines that can vend like a million and nine different soda flavors (ok, maybe 120, but 70 of those are low or no calorie).  The holy grail for soda junkies!  If you know my reviews you know I critique down heavily for a lack of low calorie options in restaurants.  Not here!The menu has some wonderful sandwiches from smoked turkey to pastrami to roast beef and meatball subs.  Catchy names too, like the Hook & Ladder Sub with turkey, ham and melted Monterey Jack or the Firehouse Hero Sub with everything.  The Tax Deduction, suffering a serious lack of imagination for the 8 year old boy ordered a kids meal with Grilled Cheese ( complete with fire hat!).  The Wife got the New York Steamer Sub with corned beef, pastrami and provolone cheese.  Me, being the BBQ fanatic I am went with the Smokehouse Beef and Cheddar Brisket with Sweet Baby Rays sauce.  At the end of ordering and the total comes up they ask if you would like to round up to the nearest dollar to donate to their foundation that helps buy protective gear for departments, fire safety education for the public, disaster preparedness relief and financial resources to people looking to make fire-fighting their career.  Always round up!After ordering I looked around and saw the hot sauce bar, over 40 kinds of hot sauces all labeled with a heat index from 1-10, everything from A-1 Sauce to Dave's Insanity Sauces and everything in between with such mouth scorching ingredients as habanero and scotch bonnet peppers.   But there was literally something for everyone.We played with the Coke machine and had a lot of fun choosing our drinks and then sat down to wait for our food.  When we ordered they said it would be about 5 minutes and it was exactly that when they brought the food to the table.  The sandwiches were just amazing with steamed meats and soft breads (yes, I went off the Gluten Free wagon for one meal).  The sandwich was amazing, all of them, we traded around bites and there wasn't a loser in the bunch.  We looked at other tables and everything there looked amazing.  Even some sandwiches that were ordered "fully involved" with mayo, deli mustard, lettuce, tomato, onion and a pickle.  Need catering?  They have many options including on site set up and delivery.  I am sorry Subway, Jimmy Johns and Quiznos but some fire-fighters just hosed down your party and walked away with all the pretty girls.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/28/2014,188,386,8,13,14>Videos. Lairs.What else do you need?For reals, everything Jen D. said. On a personal note, my past week has included:* discovering a treasure trove of mix tapes from the 90s* eating homemade TV dinners while watching the Carol Burnett Show* making friendship bracelets with my best friend* revisiting the oft-thought-retired vodka cran* renting Before Sunrise from Video LairSo convenient! A movie you want when you want it? And south of Powell? Sold!Wanna wander about a bit and maybe pick a movie by its cover, but not ready to get lost in a movie maze of madness? Video Lair is just the right size. You can even call to ask if they have a movie, and there's a chance they'll know without even having to look. Remember those knowledgeable video store dudes? At Video Lair, they still exist. It's so comforting.The news is in: 2014 is the new 1994, and I'm loving every moment of it.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,3/27/2014,207,465,10,21,15>I waver back and forth about Cinteopia but they get that extra star for the constant Groupon that makes it much cheaper. It's an upscale theater for sure but I don't always love the upscale price...not cause I'm opposed to spending more here but....I'll get to that later. The theater itself is awesome. Vinetopia is nice - I haven't eaten here but like grabbing a beer at the bar is a breeze. Also nice to have been there a few times and seen the owner Rudyard sitting at the bar working and having a glass of vino himself. We favor the Parlour (most expensive) since they have loveseats you can relax on and catch a flick on their high quality video and sound systems. You get the in theater service for food and drinks - which we always take advantage of. Loooove it. So the reason I love the Groupon is that the beer/drinks are pricey in the theater. I mean, yeah, something about $15-17 depending plus the auto grat they tack on there as well. It's convenient that they can swipe your card immediately as well with their convenient to-go cards. Again - I love the fact you can drink and watch movies in a comfortable setting with booze. I won't stop coming back but it's a datey date night stop for us.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,3/26/2014,115,342,11,14,13>This is the second (and perhaps last?) chapter in my later-evening search for food in downtown Beaverton.  The first trip ended up in a pal and I going to Mexicali Express and getting excellent tacos because we got started out on our dinner search close to 9 p.m.  We did try to get in at Tan Tan that night, but were politely told they were no longer seating at 8:30'ish.  Friday night after a long week after work, the same friend and I were still craving pho and thought we'd try Tan Tan again.  We got there quite a bit earlier and were super happy to get seated by the lady at the counter.  She looked like I felt (tired after having done a lot of running around all day), but she was polite and helped us get our table.Once at our table, we were greeted by John (the super convivial manager/owner), and given menus.  I chose Pho Combo #41 (pho with choice of two meats, which for me was meatballs and brisket), and my friend had a combination plate of rice with fried egg on top with various pieces of yummy-looking meat pieces arranged around.  We also had bahn tet (sticky rice around a filling of egg yolk and pork and the whole package wrapped up tightly in a banana leaf, not unlike a tamale, and very tasty when sliced up thin as an appetizer).  My friend loved her combo plate (I think it was a part of the menu numbered in the 70s, perhaps #78???).  My pho was the best so far I've tasted on this side of town.  On its own the broth was beautiful and delicious, but once I added the bean sprouts, lime, and basil, it went to a whole other level.  Lots of vermicelli noodles made it feel very comforting and homey, and there was enough meat floating around to be taken up in every delicious mouthful and savored.  Forgive me, but once could say it pho-bulous.  Yes, I know, bad pun, but not bad pho.  It's a small restaurant and not pretentious at all, but a place where all ages and types can sit back and enjoy all the offerings.  I definitely plan to come back and explore the other dishes.  What pho-n (there she goes again).
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,3/25/2014,200,109,7,11,9>Since this is in the 'hood, the ladyfriend and I have been meaning to try this place. A Saturday date night when we were both feeling too lazy to cook seemed like the perfect time to wander on in - and holy smokes were we unprepared for the wonderfulness that awaited us. The fastest service in the west greeted us as soon as we walked in, and we got a wonderful table by the window, which was soon adorned with real candles and an adorable set of soy sauce containers.Our minds were immediately blown when we discovered that, glory of glories, Miyamoto supplies their customers with beers from Roscoe's next door. What does that mean, dearest Yelpers? It means that Miyamoto, like Roscoe's, offers some of the finest tap selections in the ENTIRE CITY. All while eschewing the hassle of going to an actual bar, with the added benefit of bomb sushi.We shared the monkey brain appetizer, which is a stuffed avocado but SO MUCH MORE than a stuffed avocado. It was the most amazing and wonderful "out on a limb" order I think I've ever placed in my life. If you go here and you aren't allergic to seafood, please order it. You won't regret it.I got a "crazy roll," which had all my favorite things in it (tempura, spicy sauce, eel sauce, cream cheese, cuke, and yes, more avocado), and the ladyface got a spicy roll, the name of which I can't remember, but came complete with a couple different types of spicy peppers. Both our rolls were the most amazing things in the universe, although I did have to almost kill my dining companion when she tried to steal a piece of mine. GET YOUR OWN, people.Conclusion? Holy moley, man, I think I found my new favorite sushi spot.
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,3/24/2014,18,97,8,8,6>So I came upon this place because I did a good old fashioned barter. Your Cinetopia Groupon for access my HBO to Go account. Fair trade? I think I got the better end of the deal. For one, who has seats like that in their living room? Ooh, you fancy.I was disappointed that there isn't an abundance of seating.  Seems like you have to get there at least 30-45 mins before the show begins and this was a WEDNESDAY! Still, I didn't mind having my head craned up at the screen once I sat in those supple seats of serenity. For two, you can't make that much popcorn at home with that much butter. For 3,  I felt like I was in my own personal version of MST3K. My friend and I had a lot of feels while watching Lee Daniels' The Butler (smoking drunk Oprah), so not being piled on top of other viewers was helpful. And 4our, the people who work there were happy and helpful, like they actually enjoyed their job. P.S., sorry I threw popcorn at the screen (naked Oprah)!
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/27/2013,3/23/2014,23,22,14,8,8>Imagine walking into an outrageously large, dated restaurant with walls covered in 70's era memorabilia. A waitress seats you in a booth, where you're closely surrounded by cute elderly couples. You start off your meal with a platter of unlimited veggie relish consisting of canned olives, canned baby corn, pickles, celery sticks, carrot sticks, and a vat of bottomless sour cream and chives for dipping. Upon polishing off 6 servings of veggie relish to yourself, you're presented with your choice of creamy coleslaw, a cream-based soup, or a wet, prepackaged iceberg lettuce salad with fried croutons and some sort of cream-based salad dressing. Midway through finishing your coleslaw, soup or salad, the waitress brings out a giant basket of steamy, thickly sliced white bread and a bowl of hot, bottomless, garlic oil. Nine slices of bread and 2 cups of garlic oil later, you're not feeling particularly hungry so you opt for the 40 ounce steak rather than the 72 ounce steak. Your perfectly broiled and seasoned cut of steak comes out on a sizzling platter with a large cup of butter slices and a side of creamy mashed potatoes, a giant baked potato, or a bowl of white rice. To finish off your meal, you're offered a choice from about 5 different varieties of artificially flavored "ice cream" dairy dessert.  ...No, this is not a  pre-Robert Irvine restaurant from Restaurant Impossible. This is Sayler's Old Country Kitchen. Sayler's offers the best no frills, affordable and delicious steak, in a non-strip club setting in the Portland area. Yes, the restaurant and decor is old, and the majority of the side dishes come from cans or from the freezer, but for $20-$30 per person, you can get a darn good steak that trumps even the best steakhouses in the area. Don't forget to also throw in a full order of onion rings, some fried mushrooms, and a few oyster shooters, because God forbid that you're still hungry after eating a 4000+ calorie meal. If you're thinking that you can come to Sayler's for a fresh, healthy, five-star meal, then you're seriously out of your mind.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2010,3/3/2011,19,107,5,9,4>This place is mind-blowingly good.  We stopped into this grab-n'-go Italian place on a Monday evening to check out the selection, and we were informed that they get their shipment in that day, so they don't have a lot made fresh.  We picked up some of the meaty lasagna and we baked it up that evening.... OMG.Needless to say, we were back the same week to get more to share with friends, so they could understand just how fabulous this stuff is.  We kept talking about it all week long.  And for just $20, you can feed four people this amazingly high-quality pasta.We also picked up a frozen polenta to try, but many of the frozen items don't have cooking instructions on it, and it just didn't turn out right at all.  We gave them a call to ask how we should have done it when they were open again, and they offered to give us another polenta for free to do it the right way.We currently have a package of their tiramisu in the fridge that we haven't tried yet.  I have a feeling I may need to edit this review later to add another "OMG" based on the other reviews.  I'm so excited.This place is a MUST try, and certainly a must-go-frequently for anyone in the inner-SE.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,3/2/2011,194,499,16,14,13>When you take the MAX into our fair city you will go over this bridge. It's a shame that the windows on the train cars are constructed in such a way that throwing things out of them is difficult. This fine bridge would be great place to toss baggies of Dinty Moore stew onto cars passing underneath for fun & thrills. Perhaps that is why they designed the  windows this way? (This was a fun pastime on the bucket ride through the Matterhorn at Disneyland. Well, until they shut the ride down permanently which was such a shame.)At night this arch is lit up with dark blue Hanukah lights year 'round which is festive and pretty. The arch has functionality as the support for the bridge which is designed so Main Street can be expanded to five lanes. Should we snooker enough people to move to our fair city, this feature may just come in handy.I'm sure there was a lot of crabbing about wasting tax dollars to make this. I am sure there were cheaper ways to manage the crossway (tracks going directly across Main Street with a rail crossing sign come to mind). But as Portland and Vancouver bark and snap at each other in a similar manner, I hope they spend a little extra money to make something that will be a landmark, like the good ol' boys did here. We need pretty and interesting. There is enough ugly and boring already. At very least, I hope they put holiday lights on it like we do. Once again, Hillsboro has set the standard for style.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,3/1/2011,184,343,3,13,10>I live not too far from a couple megaplex theaters. So why do I go to the other side of town to a tiny one-screen theater? I do it because it's a way better experience.The Roseway is an awesome theater. Not only is the picture clear and the sound good, but prices are actually reasonable (even at the concession stand!). Also, the seats don't make me want to take multiple ibuprofen afterwards.They usually show films that I really want to see and I cannot think of a better place to see them.
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,2/28/2011,289,148,9,5,7>jane is a dream! not only does she eradicate the forest on my neither regions with skill and speed, but she also provides witty banter the whole while. jane is also super great with all body sizes, if she needs your help with holding something extra she'll ask for it and you won't feel uncomfortable because she's just not a jerk like that.jane is totally professional and also totally knows how to play her audience. for instance she knows that i am a down ass bitch and so while she's a rippin' we are dishing about things y'all don't even want to hear about. i love love love jane and you will too. summer's here and that bush won't hack itself, baby. for a good time call jane cowen.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,2/27/2011,61,30,11,8,8>Without Biwa, I would be dead.Oh, alright, maybe "dead" is pushing it. But have you TRIED finding a decent late-night food option in this town? My dining companion, though charming, has a tendency to run late; by the time he arrives it's usually past 9, and by the time we stop talking about how we should go eat and actually make moves to go eat, it's usually nearly 10. In a town that seems to close up shop at 10 on the dot, this is a problem. Before Biwa, the late night dinner routine usually involved a) driving around the entire city, looking for something suitable, followed by b) intense despair, and finally c) resignation, and cheese fries. Though I'm well aware that cheese fries are, for all intents and purposes, the food of the gods, sometimes even I need a break. And then one day, one of us said, "Hey, what about Biwa?"I wish I could remember what day that was, because I'd celebrate it like an anniversary. I'd been avoiding Biwa for so long because I thought there weren't any vegetarian options -- not so! Though there isn't any veggie ramen, the udon can be made vegetarian, and it's amazing. Oh, I love it! The noodles are thick and substantial, the broth is salty and delicious, and you can add some tofu and make it a pretty satisfying meal. Slurp away! If you're like most people, and leave your house to eat before 10, you have a choice of two happy hours: 5-6:30, and 9-10. The earlier happy hour features plenty of delights, but my favorite is the later one, where you can get a big bowl of udon (or ramen!) and a beer for under ten bones. There are also plenty of small, inexpensive plates to choose from, even if it isn't happy hour; I especially like the japanese pickles and the oyster mushrooms. All in all, the value is outstanding.The space is sexy, and I love sitting at the bar and watching the kitchen staff do their thing. And they're open until midnight! Come, be happy, and save those cheese fries for another day.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,2/26/2011,574,765,5,14,8>Rendez-voused with a girlfriend here and what a perfect place to do that.  It's so cozy, dreamy, dark colors, little sweet booths that are comfy at the same time with soft seats. The amber lamps above add that nice warm fuzzy you appreciate as you share stories with each other.Ordered the braised polenta, yes braised.. crunchy on the outside and polenta-like on the inside with root veggies topped off with tomato coulis.  Perfect amount.  Ordered my martini and she thought I said twist of lime and brought it to me. Guess what! I dug it!  I ordered some wine but it would be nice if they had a few more choices by the glass though the malbec went down quite nicely as we continued catching up with each other's lives.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,2/25/2011,90,42,19,13,16>I normally enjoy strippers. I can typically easily be amused watching strippers work their way through a set, and then be set to jet when girl numero uno makes her way back onto the stage. Not here. I stayed THREE hours! With only fives strippers! And I was CONSISTENTLY AMAZED.Cricket - you are a snake charming, pole slinging goddess of the night. This girl can be on her knees, grab the pole with one hand, and from a kneeling position, PULL herself up and do like six spins and end up at the ceiling in UNDER 2 seconds. Truly incredible. Hands down best pole dancer in Portland (the world?) Cirque de stripper. Nikita - I have an oral fixation, and not only can you deep throat, but you can deep throat balls on fire?! I felt like my edible chocolate soy candles were kinky, but truly woman, you make me feel like a sexual vanilla wafer. After you performed your magic tricks on the birthday girl on stage, she sat next to us and said, "I'm pretty sure she singed off my butt hair! BEST NIGHT EVER!"Brodie - I want to be your best friend! You did a handstand in my boyfriend's lap and then proceeded to bump his face with your ass, giggling the entire time. Then you motorboated me and told me you loved my sparkles. You are a pink haired princess and I have an aching desire to cook you pumpkin pancakes and watch The Shining with you on a rainy day!But yeah, I am in love. Can't wait for Stripperoake!
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,2/24/2011,109,170,6,12,7>It's hard to find good Chinese food in Portland. While I would stop short of calling Shandong authentic, it is certainly heads and tails above the common throng of "Golden Jade Imperial Fountain Palace Buffets" that litter the city with their watered-down Americanized fare. The interior is remarkable only in that it smacks of effort; great care was taken to elicit a contemporary vibe that married with characteristic Chinese decor. The end result is an oddly antiseptic atmosphere that made me feel as though I was intruding on someones carefully arranged Pier 1 dining room. Perhaps that is what is hip today? I wouldn't know. Even so, it was nice to sit down in a Chinese Restaurant that didn't look like the back room in a Shanghai Strip Club, or one where the faded memories of their 70s origins remain intact in modern day. Our server was very nice - prompt and courteous. They get high marks for being on the ball, and were very informative regarding the preparation time for some of the more advanced dishes, such as the Crab and Shiitake Shao Loong Bao. These pastries were just as the menu described; generously stuffed with crab. I can't say much about the spring rolls, but my wife and mother-in-law assure me they were good. (I did opt to use their in-house made mustard for the pastries, though...a dynamic combination, for sure!) Of the main dishes that we ordered, there are mixed reviews. On one hand, the Crispy Chicken (their variation on the American "General Tao's" (Tsao, Gau, Tso, Cho, etc) dish was quite worth the trip on its own. I loved the heavier ginger flavor, which really helped to set it apart from the others I have had in the past. The sweet and sour pork, however, seemed a bit bland. It was not a deal-breaker by any means, but there was so little flavor to it, that I could not work up the same degree of enthusiasm for it as my wife, who apparently thought it the best dish of the evening. Of particular note was the vegetable trio which, apart from being generous in portion, was actually served in a wine sauce that did NOT taste like used bath water. I have never really been able to enjoy these dishes in other restaurants, so Shandong gets points for providing a rich and pleasant taste that somehow managed to allow the natural, fresh taste of the veggies to shine through. All in all, a pleasant experience, and my new pick for Chinese in town. I would caution you on the parking, though - there is street parking available, but only about five spots in the actual lot. (Apparently, the Community Center next door will, in what is probably the most ironic definition of "community" I have ever known, tow your vehicle without a second thought.)
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2011,2/23/2011,509,364,6,14,9>A place that serves up a mean birria is always a winner in my books. Although you can get a big tub of goat stew, I ordered them in taco form. My tacos were bursting at the seams with loads of tomato chili flecked stewed goat meat. My sister in law got the chicken burrito which was bigger than my huge a$$ size 11.5 foot. Free chips and salsa (bar). All for $7. It's nothing fancy - good old fashioned cheap Mexican food that also makes birria. No beer/booze served at this place which is kinda a bummer, but they do have Mexican coke in the bottle if you are into the pure sugar cane. Side note: their salsa (that comes with the chips)  tastes like tomato sauce. They must used canned tomatoes and just whirl them around. It's not what you'd expect and not that great, so take this yelp warning into account. Other than that, go on with your bad self!
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2010,2/22/2011,31,81,16,11,13>"I am not a pretty girl.  That is not what I do."Yea, Ani DiFranco, I get it now.  The crowd at Departure wasn't really made up of my kind of people.  They were the pretty people that you find when you travel to NY or LA; they weren't the normal Portland bar flies that I'm used to.  In fact, Departure itself isn't really my kind of bar either.  It's pretty and well lit and has expensive food and drinks.  This isn't the kind of place that's going to have pitchers of high life, that's for sure.  I ordered a fancy girly drink off of the menu and OH MY GOD I WANT TO BE DRINKING IT AGAIN RIGHT NOW!  I got the Tacho Macho which contained Thai chili vodka, basil, citrus and some mystery ingredient called "Cock n Bull" (which I found out was ginger ale and not what I first assumed) and there are no words for how amazing it was.  So amazing that I threw caution to the wind and ordered a second (this would not be a big deal if they weren't $10 a pop but OH MY GOD IT WAS SO DELICIOUS).  So basically, if you want to feel insecure and flawed but get an amazing cocktail at the same time, head over to Departure.  It's a fair trade off.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2007,12/8/2007,329,1795,11,3,5>Oh snap!  These doughnuts rock.  The maple bar was full of mapley goodness, fluffy and dense at the same time.  It defied physics.  If Stanford ran the fluffy-dense doughnut paradigm through the electron accelerator, I bet they could finally understand quantum physics and decide if the cat in the box died or not.  But until they requisition all the maple bars for their evil and nefarious experiments, I will enjoy the delight of the maple doughnut at Voodoo.  The Voodoo doughnut was ok; the pretzel was soft (blech) and there was too much red jelly, making it messy and too sweet.  Funny concept, "meh" on execution.  The store is small and crowded, definitely has character.What I didn't like:1.  Don't ignore me while I'm standing there trying to get my doughnut groove on, and don't have conversations with other people til you are finished helping me.  That's rude.2.  Don't put my doughnuts in a bag and squish them.  Why not give me a bag for each?  Instead you put both in the same bag and my poor Voodoo man was squished and most of the frosting was rubbed off.  Uncool.3.  For the love of all that is sacred and holy, PLEASE wear something other than low rise jeans and a half shirt, especially if you are a man.  There is something unappetizing about looking at your belly hair while you are serving me doughnuts.  Keep that glory trail to yourself and your loved ones.  I just want a doughnut.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2007,12/7/2007,758,866,3,5,4>Eating with your hands is fun! Marrakesh is a utensils optional restaurant that deals in Moroccan food. I came with a group of 7 and had the royal feast. We had around 5 different courses starting with a hummus dish and finishing with a minty tea and fruit salad. Most of the main dishes had either lamb or chicken in them. My favorite was the lamb with the brown gravy sauce. Damn good. Make sure you get reservations, the place was packed  when I was there. Oh, and they have belly dancers too.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,12/6/2007,80,286,4,3,3>CHRISTMAS TREES FOR $17.99Of course everything else is kinda expensive, but that is good for a decent looking, precut, bound doug fir you can pop in the rig.  In a convo re. Haggens with my best friend we sum up the store concisely:"Haggens is like a less pretentious Zupans""And not quite as crunchy as New Seasons"
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2007,12/5/2007,295,77,13,19,13>First of all... there is almost nothing I find more annoying than businesses that arbitrarily replaces the "C"s with "K"s in their names. I don't think I am alone here. That was why I wasn't heart broken to see the former tenant of this space, Kustom Pizza, close its doors. But out of the big Ks ashes rises the radical Dove Vivi.Dove Vivi specializes in deep-dish cornmeal crust, has a wide array of unusual gourmet topping combinations, and utilizes lots if local and seasonal ingredients. This was my first time eating a cornmeal crust pie and I enjoyed how buttery, flaky, and moist it was. But what I like most about it is that it isn't another brick-oven pizza shop vying for the title of best hoity-toity charred pie in town. No, Dove Vivi is doing something completely unique in Portland with their crust. They are charting new waters. Corn filled waters.  I have become so desensitized by the typical crappy attitude I get from the "I'm so much f'n better than you but I have to take your order anyway so I'll play it cool" servers in my neighborhood.  I expected to hear the usual smug "What-il-it-be-man?"  when I was approached by our server at Dove Vivi, and was taken aback by the genuine friendliness and warmth I received instead. The atmosphere here is calm, casual, and adult feeling enough that I would say it is slightly romantic. Even for a Pizza Shop in a strip mall. Hell, maybe the reason I think it's romantic is because there is obviously a lot of love going into this restaurant, and it shows in all of its details, including the large heart that glows like moon on their Kustom-made sign. Yes, its the details. Everything comes together here, and it is the sum of all its parts that make Dove Vivi a wonderful addition to the neighborhood that I will now go to grind on a regular basis.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2007,12/4/2007,90,39,6,9,4>Belmont Station is easily the best beer store that I have ever visited.Belmont Station was originally located on SE Belmont next to the Horse Brass.  Their selection was huge, but the location was small.  Some beers were available in the front of the store, while the rest of their selection was stored in the back with the oompa-loompas.  You would have to tell the staff what you wanted and then wait for them to bring it to you.Well, no longer!  Now that Belmont Station has relocated  to SE Stark, all of the beers are out front so you can hug them and kiss them and squeeze them and call them George.  What's even better is that a very large selection of the beers are refrigerated and ready for drinking.The beers have two prices, one price to take home and another slightly higher price to take next door and consume in the pub.  The pub also has several beers on tap and most likely at least a few are beers you have never tried before.  The pub doesn't have a lot of atmosphere and I considered awarding only four stars due to this fact, but the selection of beers in the store more than makes up for it.Another thing I like is that you can make your own six (or twelve, or eighteen...) pack.  You don't have to buy six Mirror Ponds or six Stella Artois, you can buy them singly.  This encourages experimentation and trying new beer, always a good thing.Kegs are available and the staff is very helpful, knowledgeable and friendly.If you are looking for a hard to find beer from the other side of the country or the other side of the world, this is the place to shop; a must for all those who love beer.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,12/3/2007,39,155,3,5,3>After pondering my new ink for the last 3 years, I finally committed to Mikal at Infinity. She's a new kid on the block at the shop, but she's no newbie to the trade, having worked with some of the best in San Francisco. Mikal took my ideas and did them one better. Very friendly, down to earth, and easy to work with but more importantly, a true artist. She was willing to work with me to get the design exactly right and her execution was flawless. Its no good if your artist gives you a great tat and then your leg falls off from flesh eating bacteria, so cleanliness is super important. Infinity is one of the cleanest shops I've ever seen, and the artists are incredibly careful to follow precautions. I felt quite safe. Nothing at all to complain about here. Some of the artists are booked months in advance, but what's awhile to wait to get the best ink of your life?
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2007,12/2/2007,295,160,2,9,3>The whole place is a beer theme park built on the grounds of an old Victorian farmstead. Gorgeous, historic buildings and landscape.I couldn't believe I was still in the middle of the city ...It's the traditional McMenamins menu, which is pretty tasty.This restaurant is beautiful, rustic, large, and bustling with peopledrinking ale and tossing tales.The converted barns and the sown fields, thecozy alcoves, the picnic tables and the over hanging trees ...It's just an amazing place to wander around with a beer and a smile on a good warm day.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,11/30/2007,3211,1938,21,5,12>I can reduce the essence of Magic Garden to a complex mathematical equation:[(Naked ladies) + (second-hand smoke) + (cheap) + (divey) + (ancient bartender) + (pool table) - (pretentious)] x [apathy] = Rawesome****Rawesome = Rad + Awesome
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2007,11/29/2007,352,918,9,7,5>Ok, strip clubs are really, really not my thing. I'd never go to a strip club where I live now, because I suspect the women would have high hair and fake boobs and smell like the Bath & Body Works. But not the girls at Union Jack's. They're like girls I'd know in real life. Which is really weird to me. I don't really want to see my friends shake their cooches at me. But they weren't really my friends so I came back a few times. The dancers were cool, maybe they just wanted my money or maybe they were stoked that a group of dykes were hanging out there and we were less likely to be all gross at them. Either way. They were hot, that's for sure. Tattoos, piercings, cool hair. I mean, they still wear those weird-ass stripper shoes, but the rest is rather unique. Although, I did get pretty depressed when a girl stripped to How Soon is Now by the Smiths. Seriously. I'm too sensitive for strip clubs. But if you can disassociate a little better than me, like to look at hip girls and like some loud rock music, you'll dig this place. The drinks are cheap, but bring lots of singles so you're not the asshole who doesn't tip the dancers.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,11/28/2007,6,8,3,6,5>Perfection.   Great pasta.   I'm not a girl who normally likes tiramisu, but it was to DIE FOR.  And their coffee, though it took a little long ;) was the perfect compliment.   I have gone back since just for dessert!The servers are awesome and friendly.  Great atmosphere.  They make you feel like a part of the family.  The second trip there it wasn't so busy and we sat outside and ate with one of waiters!  I definately recommend Piazza Italia as a must for any Portlander.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2011,1/3/2012,342,431,8,16,11>Coco Donuts is not a donut shop ran by Pablo Escobar...This lil shop I found off of yamhill and 6th is a great way to start the day.  Since my car issues last week, i've been having to Max/Bus to work.  While waiting for the bus the other day, the smell of coffee cought my nose.  Coco Donuts is where the smell came from, and considering I had a 15 minutes wait, I checked it out.This shop is small and cozy, sweets and espresso fill the air.The selection of donuts is not amazingly huge, BUT....from what I have tried they all taste great.  My favorite is the Apple Fritter.  A long time favorite of mine.  What I like about these more so than others, is the texture.  The outside isn't as hard as a bomb shelter as most are, it's firm.  The inside has a soft texture with great flavor.  I can actually taste small chunks of apple.  The service is friendly, the wait is very minimal, and those perks right there make things move that much smoother.I feel the price of the donuts is a lil' high, 1.25 for a fritter, .90 for a raised, 2.00 for a cinnamon crossaint...but nothing that's too crazy expensive.  They do accept Debit/Credit, but require a $3.00 minimum purchase...Overall, this is a great spot to grab a cup of joe and a quick bite in the morning.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,1/2/2012,70,389,5,8,6>Mrs. Burgerdogboy and I often eschew the holiday crowds on typical dining out days, and Valentine's Day proved no exception to our "rule." We decided to have dinner sent to the house  via Delivered Dish, the local service we use quite often and are very satisfied with.  (Available in both Portland and Denver).I was left in charge of selecting our repast, and since I know that there's nothing Mrs. Burgerdogboy loves more than sushi (except your author, of course), I ordered from San Sai, a growing, national chain started in Southern California.My selections included the sushi/sashimi assortment tray (24 pieces), some edamame, and a half-dozen pork and veggie potstickers just  for me.I had placed the order on Sunday, for delivery Valentine's Day at 6pm, knowing I would be driving back from an appointment in the 'Couve, and hoping I would beat the delivery guy home!Turned out to be no problem with the traffic, even stopped for some sake, got home, we built a fire, and waited for dinner.  A few minutes after six, Delivered Dish called us to tell us the driver had been slightly delayed and would be at the house momentarily, which he was.We had a beautiful spread of food, and Mrs. BDB teased me that she thought I would have ordered a take-out hamburger along with the treats for her, but nooooooooooooooooo..........   Dinner was fabulous, and Valentine's evening a dream.I crow about how good Delivered Dish is all the time.  They deserve it,
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,1/1/2012,216,263,7,8,7>4.5 stars! I love the fact that Best Baguette makes it easy for me to get my Vietnamese Banh Mi fix - quick. They took a simple idea (Vietnamese food, drinks, sandwiches), and did a great job of marketing it to the general public.With a drive-through and super cheap prices, it allows me to fulfill my cravings in my pajamas without beaucoup $$$. The sandwiches are really tasty, fresh, and in my opinion, representative of just good authentic Vietnamese food. I used to eat sardine baguettes all the time as a kid, and the ones here taste just like the ones my parents used to make. And I should note that I LOVE sardines more than the average person, so I always order one - or two. Or three. Okay, I usually buy four- two for dinner that night, one for breakfast  the next day, and one for lunch! My poor boyfriend always tries to keep me at arm's length after I eat, but I shower him with kisses anyway. Love me, gotta love my Best Baguette.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,12/31/2011,113,92,12,12,11>Holy Fattening Arteries Batman!  That was a hell of a cheese steak.On my first visit I had the Broad Street Bomber a special cheese steak that had me head down snarfing up shaved beef, cheddar, provolone, peppers and onions all nestled into the perfect roll.  Was this a perfect "authentic" philly cheese steak just like my host mom used to make when I was an exchange student from the west coast, no, IT WAS BETTER.  My cardiac surgeon respectfully requests that this sandwich be added to the regular menu, because I can't resist them and he has 4 kids to get through college. My second trip I had the roast beef sandwich, served with a savory biscuit and a horseradish potato cakes, very interesting combination of flavors.  I took it to go, when I did they warned me that it was better eaten right away and I should really sit down and eat it right away and I think that would have been the best thing to do.  So the moral of the story is:Go here, get food, sit down and Shut Up and Eat!
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,12/30/2011,107,287,13,10,9>I'm picking up Tapalaya. Literally, I'm actually trying to. Tell me how I did:Hey pork tenderloin with blue cheese fondue, are  your legs tired? Why? Because you've been running through my mind all night long. Did it hurt when you fell from heaven fried chicken with bourbon pecan syrup?I have to tell you crab cake, if I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.I'm curious super nice bartender and great waiter with the accent (he's a comedian too!), do you two come here often?Oh, and hello $5 hurricane on the happy hour menu, what's a nice drink like you doing in a place like this?Guess what? Tapalaya is a play on words for "Tapas" and "Jambalaya". Oh, you knew that? Figured that out on your own? Well aren't you smart and special, I am neither of those things and had to have it explained to me.Service has been hit or miss unless I get the awesome waiter from Texas that's a comedian (because he is awesome). Sure, I think it's a little expensive for the size of the portions, but once I taste the food, I find myself not caring in the least.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2011,12/29/2011,158,216,4,9,8>Brunch and bar review:Within stumbling distance of my new place is this quaint little establishment. it's a neighborhood place where people know each other by name but strangers and new comers alike gather for a pint and a friendly cozy atmosphere.We were walking home one night while out with some friends and i decided I'd like a night cap. We came in to find quite a surprise. what a great whiskey and scotch list. This unassuming little place has a great variety some excellent beers on tap and as we were told by the bartender, a brunch on the weekend. The place closes early so be aware of that. a couple of weeks later we decided to try their brunch. our usually walk to stepping stone cut to a minuscule few blocks was good and bad.I got a bloody mary as per my sunday ritual, it was delicious, nice tang with a pickled green bean yum. not too salty with good hearty flavor. The interesting thing about this place is the "choose your own side" feature, which includes many things, i got the irish benny with a side of biscuits and gravy. and Mr. Ben got berry pancakes with bacon. the irish benny: the eggs were perfect, the muffin was ok, not as toasted as it could be, the hollandaise was well done and plenty of it but lacked lemon zing i need. the corn beef is obviously house made but the cubes make it a little more awkward to eat in a benny style. although the flavor was absolutely incredible. the potatoes om nom. The side of B&G huge. nice biscuit  excellent gravy but not enough of it, but really who am i kidding cause i ate like 3 bites of it. The berry pancakes were good, not really my thing. but the pancake itself was quite tasty, the bacon was my kind of bacon, thick and floppy. The service is friendly and fast. glad we discovered this place.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,12/28/2011,184,178,11,10,6>I'm in love with Lardo.If you have read any of my reviews or looked at my profile it should be obvious that I am a HUGE fan of Pork. If my Dr. told me I'd die tomorrow unless I stopped my consumption I'd happily cash in my life's paycheck. I mean if I am destined to go out eating I'd rather die happy than give up all that's sacred to me. It's because of this credo that every friend of mine or savvy Elite has told me Lardo is made for me. As someone inquisitive who refuses to argue with reputable authority I bookmarked it with a goal to visit this pork filled paradise immediately. The very next time I was riding down Belmont with a friend I mentioned the cart while explaining the name, he then came to a screeching halt as we abruptly flipped a U-turn. I followed my nose to its location where I carefully reviewed the menu. I really wanted to try every option but unfortunately only had $11 in my possession. At first I wanted to try the Pork Meatball Banh Mi but we both ended up settling on the Double Burger instead. I quickly handed over my $8 for what was an intense waiting period to be fed. Once in my hands the burger looked spectacular in its freshly baked bun almost as if it had been glazed over with butter. Inside lay a rich pork patty covered in a sheet of lardo like it was its security blanket. This was followed by a dense piece of sharp cheddar, crispy romaine lettuce and a spread of oozing lardo sauce! I didn't ask what the special sauce contained but it was definitely mayonnaise based with some type of herbal compliment. The other thing I should mention is I talk a lot so any food that has the power to silence me is automatically saved in my memory banks! We sat down outside in the shade and made sweet, oral love, to our burgers without even a grunt of communication. My only small complaint was the size of the burger, for $8 I expected it to be a little larger. Yet maybe I'm just being selfish because I wanted to enjoy the experience longer. Regardless I will not rest until I have conquered every last pork creation on my Porkland conquest!
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2011,12/27/2011,130,164,9,9,9>From the signage, and the cars in the service lot, it looks like they work on a lot of fancy pants cars - or even exclusively German cars, but if you do a little digging you'll see they handle a lot of foreign cars.  I stopped in since they share a parking lot with the salon that tends to my tresses.  I had a teeny tiny part that needed ordering.  So specific that online searches couldn't track it down. So I came in, expecting the little piece of plastic that covers my rear wiper's mechanical fuglies (really something to cover up an ugly bolt)  to cost $100. Nice counterperson ordered it, I forgot it to come get it.  Flash forward to getting bangs trimmed two months later: "Oh crap, I ordered that part.  Best go in and get it."She remembered me as soon as I walked in.  "Oh, you have the wagon that needed a replacement cover, it's been sitting on a shelf, no worries."  Zero attitude regarding me ordering and leaving it there.  It ended up only being $10, plus the cool counter girl came out and made sure it fit my wiper.I asked how much an oil change was.  Since it was on par with a quickie change (~$90) I have brought in the McKnee-mobile there for changes rather than going to the asshats at Jiffy Lube.I've got some major service needs in the next few months on my car, plus a new German joining the family. It will be interesting switching my more serious mechanical needs to them, especially since the head service advisor is a woman.  As all I know about cars is that the gas tank is connected to a bonfire that powers the magic wheel turners, I am hoping some straight talk will be in order.  It's very interesting to be told by two different mechanics: "OMG, tear apart the engine! The end is nigh! Wire $5000 to my offshore account"' by one mechanic only to hear "um that's super easy to fix, standard repair, and you could probably push if off for a bit as well."Crossing fingers!
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,12/26/2011,1295,556,2,10,7>I attended a wedding here earlier today and wow.  Just wow.  This venue just blew me away.  I am writing my review based on my experience as a guest and I have, honestly, not even spoken to the family who threw the event.  They originally were planning to have the wedding outside but changed at the last minute since it was pouring down rain up until about 30 minutes before the ceremony but you really would not have noticed since everything was so well put together.  The ceremony was stunning but afterwards I walking around the lit grounds with my jaw dragging on the ground because everything was so emaculate.  I am a gardener so I truly appreciate really well tended grounds with amazing blooms and this was just that - someone cares for this site and it is not just thrown together like an apartment complex grounds with some bark dust for good measure.The manor inside is gorgeous and the table set up was lovely.  Their staff was so couteous and really on top of everything so the bride and groom could just enjoy their big day and not worry about anything.  They were good about communicating with the mother of the bride too for clarifying questions just to make sure they were doing everything correctly.The food was amazing!  Well presented as well.  I will definitely recommend this place to friends who want to get married at a top notch site where everything is handled for you!
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,12/25/2011,70,846,12,4,3>If I ever were to open up a Dim Sum restaurant I would call it You Dim Sum and You Lose Sum.  Now based on that last sentence I should probably never open up a Dim Sum restaurant.  Wong's King goes for the more traditional name.  Probably a good move.Yes, the stars were aligned and I finally got here for Dim Sum close to a year after my last visit which was actually my first visit.  That was a long way for me to say this was my second visit, but first for Dim Sum.  Oh mama that is some good Dim Sum.One of the friends that came along for this Friday lunch outing is from Taiwan.  She ordered all the food for us which was totally fine.  We all wanted her to order and she had no issue ordering.  I don't know most of the names of things we had, but there were steamed buns, dumplings, sticky rice and sausage covered in some kind of leaf, pork ribs, buttery desserty buns and little tarts with some kind of flan type thing in it.  Obviously my fingers typing here aren't doing what we ate justice.  It was all very very good and there were copious amounts of all of it.After all was said and done and the food coma started to set in, the whole meal only cost us $13 (with tip) each.Side note.  When I went to use the bathroom a Gin Blossoms song that I haven't heard in like 10 years was playing and now I can't get that damn thing out of my head.  I won't subtract a star for it, but I'm currently in hell.If the world is indeed ending tomorrow (it isn't) I'm glad I was able to get to Wong's King for some mighty fine Dim Sum.
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2007,10/11/2007,6,18,,5,1>First, if it's a weekend night, unless you've made a reservation, you're going to have to wait.  Awhile.  Like I'm talking an hour.  So head upstairs to Apotheke and have a drink.Next, if you're up for a really upbeat, lively, fun but authentic atmosphere, ask for a table in the bar area.  The small live band they had playing was really talented and our table couldn't help but dance.  If you're not in that mode, get seated in the dining room side.We were in the mood for tapas, and they delivered.  You have your choice of three plate sizes, which is a great idea.  So just order a few and share; you can always order more as you go.Finally, if you have even the slightest experimental bone in your body, order the drink they call the Sacsayhuaman.  If you take my advice and try one, you will soon feel a party has initiated itself your mouth.  I'm still dreaming of them...wow.  Is all I can say.Even though I was the one who suggested Andina to our group, I had assumed that I would find it was overrated and overpriced.  But you know what?  I was proven completely wrong. I love when that happens.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2007,10/10/2007,15,48,2,5,4>Nutshell is the kind of innovative, risk-taking restaurant that is helping to  the Portland dining scene to garner national attention.  (For some reason, the NY Times seems to have a love affair with Portland lately, which makes me feel both a little Sally Fieldish - "They like us, they really like us" as well as apprehensive, for fear that now that we've been "discovered" it'll get ruined by hordes of newcomers).I have to admit that even though I have been a strict vegetarian for parts of my life and still eat vegetarian or even vegan meals much of the time, the thought of a vegan restaurant conjured up visions of being served a tasteless glop of brown rice and tofu by a politically correct but humorless waitperson.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  The food at Nutshell is tasty, beautifully-presented and reasonably priced.The space is minimalist,with a few quirky touches (a set of shelves along one wall containing a book exchange and wine and beer for sale), and an art exhibit space in the back with several couches in the middle.  When I walked in, I wondered if the place was serious or if it was some hipster experiment that would only last a few months and then disappear.  My doubts were quickly put to rest once I saw the menu and observed th kitchen crew toiling away in the open kitchen - these folks are clearly very serious about what they are doing.   Our waiter was efficient and friendly, but professional.  I ordered a lavender dry soda to drink (dry soda is like regular soda but with a lot less sugar).  They were out of lavender so I had kumquat (a word that still seems vaguely obscene to me).  It was quite nice - refreshing and indeed "dry".  My partner and I shared the poblano fundido appetizer - much better than I expected--it was a puree of poblano peppers with some nice chewy crispy toasted bread to eat it with.    Unlike many appetizers, it was satisfying without being too filling.  Since it was a week ago, I forget what my entree was called, but it was a NIgerian chickpea cake - savory and again, satisfying without being overly filling.  My partner had a raw "lasagna" which was also quite good.If you are vegan, you will think you have died and gone to heaven if you eat here.  If you are vegetarian or semi-vegetarian you will really appreciate Nutshell.  If you are a hard-core carnivore, I invite you to set aside your assumptions and check out Nutshell.  You probably won't be inspired to give up meat tomorrow, but you might expand your conceptions of what a satisfying meal requires.  In much of the world, people either don't eat meat or consider it as either a special-occasion treat, or an accent rather than the centerpiece of the meal.  I think we'd all do well to move in that direction, and Nutshell is doing the both the planet and the palates of Portland a great favor.  Here's hoping they have a long and successful run!
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,10/9/2007,2,3,4,3,1>In my experience, Crow Bar is nothing if not the penultimate seedy, smoky, noirish little Portland hipster dive. The kind of place where vampires, private detectives, and the guys from Interpol might come to mingle. With a shadowy interior, strange and fantastic art hanging from dark brick walls, pool sharks sulking about, and a juke box blaring well, Interpol...not to mention The Smiths, Guided By Voices, The Gossip....this place is Portland's version of The Beatles' Cavern Club. Hip and dark...that's all you really need to know.Actually there is one additional thing I probably ought to add, which is that there is something downright spooky going on with the beer there. My friends and I call it The Crow Bar Effect. All of my ex-coworkers and I used to frequent the place; a motley crew of about 12 or so music industry workers. It was noted and agreed upon time and time again that when drinking in The Crow Bar, for every ONE beer consumed, this actually equaled TWO beers consumed. I'm not certain how this works, nor do I care to find out, but I invite anyone to experience it for themselves...if you drink under that roof, you just might get intoxicated twice as fast as you ought to be. And it's not limited to the beer, apparently Crow Bar's wine (which I hear is excellent) is governed by the same mystical alchemy.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2007,10/8/2007,3124,1728,17,6,10>The Doug Fir is like my High School boyfriend: REALLY hot at one time, in fact - perfect in every amazing way that an exciting and new object of lust should be. But each time we meet again, I realize that I was just in a primal spell, and that what once was a powerful combination of underage passion has turned to more of a "what the hell was I thinking" afterthought.  Oh Doug - our first date was amazing...you with your rustic cabin ways and earthy pick up lines. But now I'm a little perturbed by how all I can order on your happy hour menu has been deep fried. What are you compensating for? Yet - I've always been a fan of the friends with benefits relationship, and I will never fail to keep you at the very front of my little black book. You are the Homecoming King - and while you come with your faults and unnecessary posse - you are the life of the party.I'd hook up with you - but I might regret it the next day.  ; )
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2007,10/7/2007,88,385,1,6,2>On my pursuit for the best Thai food in PDX, I came across Thanh Thao and was very impressed. While they serve a mixture of Vietnamese, Thai, Chinese and Indian fare, the food is delicious however you name it. I had the Yellow Curry Squash, with tofu, the Pad Se Ew noddles, with tofu and veggies and fresh salad rolls. The entrees were excellent, with a dimension of flavor that can only be achieved from food that has been cooked well and in house. The salad rolls were very nice, just a little too heavy on the noodles, light on the veggies. But nonetheless, this place gets a full 5 star rating, for the food and the warm inviting feel of the place. I will certainly return.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2007,10/6/2007,376,599,3,3,4>True story: The very first time I visited this place, two friends sitting at the bar about three feet away from the table where my friends and I sat decided to have a contest. The winner had to successfully throw a peanut into either my purse or for bonus points and bragging rights, into one of our pint glasses. And the best part? The people on the stools didn't tell us about their challenge until after we had noticed the peanuts landing mysteriously onto the table. The two people clued us in and shouted, "Welcome to The Hutch!" And then we all got drunk and joined Barry Manilow's Vegas show under the assumed names of Tinky, Winky, and Dot. OK, I was doing great on the truthiness until then. But that's what to expect when you come here. People are friendly, but not so polite that you'll feel as if you're having a drink at an airport cocktail lounge. And the atmosphere is sometimes brazen, always messy (don't come here if you can't stand to even smell like cigarette smoke - you'll reek like my freshman-year dorm room by the end of the night), and full of pleasant distractions. Beyond the booze. There's table shuffleboard. Shuffleboard, people! Enjoyable and simple, played by bikers and hipsters and all walks of life in between. And of course, there's peanuts.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2007,10/5/2007,40,144,5,3,2>I kid you not, better than a bakery I tried in Paris. A dozen bag of "chouquettes" which are poofs of joyous fluff topped with rock sugar are only $3.25. These alone may pave my private road to morbid obesity, paired with their various delicious sandwiches, other pastries, bread and coffee of course.ANYTHING here is delicious, but beware, while there is an okay amount of seating, there are also a lot of people who know just how good this place is, so get there early or be prepared to drop inhibitions when it comes to hovering over a table of people about to leave. ALSO! This is THE place to be for Tour de France viewing.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2007,10/4/2007,32,273,4,4,4>Ararat is hilarious! It's a small, unlikely joint close in PDX where you can hear DJs of various quality* play house music while you dance away the night with Russians on a light up dance floor. Then at some point a belly dancer shows up and your surreal meter jumps to 11!*I've heard they're usually good, but the last one I heard couldn't mix to save his headphones
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2007,10/3/2007,8,105,1,3,3>Soooo much fun!  I went a few months ago with my husband and another couple and we had a great time.  I had no idea what to expect as far as Moroccan food goes...but it was delicious.  The four of us shared the Feast and we were completely stuffed.  Even the boys got into it...i think the copious quantities of meat, and the sword bearing belly dancer may have had something to do with it...but meh, whatever it takes!  I'd most definitely go again for a special occasion...try it!
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2007,10/2/2007,295,77,9,3,8>Hunger wakes our protagonist, Ryan N., from his cubicle stupor. Bored with the same-ol'-same-ol' lunch options he boldly takes action. "Need Thai" he thinks. Our hero, empowered with his decision, begins furiously pecking at his keyboard.{types} "www.e-santhai.com" {clicks} "Lunch" {clicks} " L2. Gang Garee" {clicks} "Next"{clicks} "Chicken, Extra Extra Hot"{clicks} "Next"{types} "Ryan N." "(503)867-5309"{clicks} "Next"{clicks} Place OrderRyan N. reclines in his swivel chair feeling very proud himself. He begins to sharpen his favorite number two pencil, however, is interrupted by the incessant vibrating of his cell phone. "Uh, Hello?""This is E-San confirming your order, Is this Ryan, N?""Why Yes, it is.""Please pick it up in twenty minutes"This was easy. Perhaps a little too easy for his comfort. Upon entering E-San Ryan N is surrounded by happy lunch goers and an aromatic goodness that made him wish he had not ordered his food "to-go". But this was his own tough luck and he would have to take his Gang Garee back to his cube.Back at the office he is greeted with a half sharpened number two pencil and a stack of work. The curry is excellent and its flavors come alive in his mouth. It is good. Real good. He begins daydreaming and wondering "What shall I write about E-San when I review it on Yelp? Should I mention the fresh ingredients? The crunchy peppers? The wonderfully huge carrots and potatoes? That it is better Thai than most downtown? The convenience of the web take-out system? That it was docked a star for not being "extra extra spicy"? Ah, I don't know." His mind started to drift as he noticed his trusty number two just sitting there, begging for a sharpening. He obliged, admired his handy work, and fell back into his cubicle stupor.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,11/19/2009,123,492,13,16,15>Is it possible to have a transcendental pizza experience?  I believe it is, and it happened last night.The Bud and I stopped into Gladstone Coffee after reading lots about it on Yelp recently (thank you Kari M. and Anna B.).  We chose to skip the fancier Neapolitan plate-sized pies for a more appropriate - ahem, larger - pepperoni pizza.  As a carnivore, I believe a pepperoni pizza is the best pie to order when evaluating a new pizza joint.  It is a menu staple that a place either does well, or does not.  And let me tell you, this place, oh this place...AMAZING.The crust was thin, crispy, and slightly charred in all the right places.  Crushed tomatoes were delicious, and cheese distribution masterful.  The pepperoni, though, oh the pepperoni.  Large, thin, bursting with spice and flavor, and everywhere.  This pizza is tremendous!  Even when the first bite was so piping hot that I burned the roof of my mouth, that did not stop me from taking a second bite, again too soon.  Yeah, it's just that delicious.  I am a little embarrassed to admit that we finished the whole pizza.  No, they are not small, we were just that enamored with the food.The shop is large with great-sized tables, big enough to spread stuff out and get comfortable.  Unfortunately I forgot to check out the patio.  The chairs are eclectic, and I'm reasonably certain I had some of the wood-armed avocado green chairs in my home growing up.  I think I had a muscle memory the moment I plopped down into my seat.The Bud and I talked for a while with the owner, John.  He is passionate and enthusiastic about what he is doing here, and I think the rest of us are finally catching on to his craft.  We discussed that the oven only has so much capacity before you lose the all-important high temperature point, and he does not want to sacrifice quality for quantity.  I think this is an excellent business model and I hope he sticks to it.  His pizzas are simply phenomenal.They have a pretty solid selection of micros on tap, spanning the beer color and weight spectrum.  They also have very reasonably priced house red and house white wines, served in small juice glasses.  I like drinking wine in juice glasses.  It adds to the charm of this place.For those who are worried this place will be "discovered," yeah, it's coming.  But c'mon, John absolutely deserves to be known in this town.  His pizza is too good to be suppressed!
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2009,11/18/2009,113,108,10,15,11>Our stylist Nicole moved here from another shop, so we dutifully followed. (She actually moved to Do! almost a year ago, sorry to be so slow!)I love Nicole! Even though she specializes in clients with curly hair, she takes on my Japanese tresses with expert hands. She's been so helpful with my color experimentation - there's been streaks in colors from red to blue and then there are coats of blue black or a warmer brown black to cover up the growing out phases of the streaks. She's also super supportive in my ongoing "bangs? Or no bangs?" debates.Do! itself is a cozy shop that efficiently uses every inch of space. I love the art and the wig displays. There's always fun music playing at a nice volume - not so loud as to drown out conversation, but loud enough to hear it. Today there was Cyndi Lauper so that was super fun!I also like their patio area. While waiting for bleach or dye to transform my hair it is nice to be able to sit outside and read in a pleasant area protected from passing gawkers. I know the foil makes me look like I'm trying to contact a satellite or the mothership.I'd follow Nicole to the furthest, most dismal corners of the Portland metro area... thankfully Do! is a happy, fun shop in a convenient location with free parking.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,11/17/2009,33,142,10,10,10>Do you like beer? What about a laid back atmosphere? Good food?Then this is your place! Went here with a huge group of my husband's friends and had a great time. The selection of beer was amazing. Services was fast, and it got to the point where we didn't even have to ask for refills. The server just knew our order. And the food was great. Super juicy burger.Lots of indoor seating upstairs and down, but also has seating outside.The only problem is the location can be difficult to find. Not the kind of place you just stumble across. But well worth the trip.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2009,11/16/2009,161,226,9,13,13>A $4 hot delicious pie? Clearly this is something that peaks your interest, right? Yeah, it does you guys!I had the vegan pot pie er, pie and it was totally hot and crusty and really good. Lots of veggies and some fake meat product of which I approve and it was just the right size for a meal you're eating around midnight.The cherry pie is also a dooze! The sweet pies are def. sweet and oozy, so if that's your jam, then this will be your jam.Are we clear here? These pies are awesome.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,11/15/2009,645,1150,6,14,16>Belly Timber has A/C.  Yes!!I'm lovin' on French-inspired cuisine, just like what they have here.  And I think prices are amazingly cheap.The escargot starter is incredible.  It's off the charts on the delicious index!  The complimentary bread is excellent.  It's served on a plate with butter, carrot-cumin salt and a nice blend of powdered green olive and oregano.  Absolutely divine flavors.  They are eager to bring you more bread if you want more, and we sure did!Choosing between our two entrees, I say, get the quail.  It is perfect in every way (crispiness, freshness and seasoning).  It comes with great vegetables.   The white sauce for the quail has a nice smooth texture but actually, no flavor.  The sauce is like a stage prop, though it looks good and everything, it must be for appearance's sake only.The pork steak is excellent.  We speculated on how they got the pork to be so tender, guessing perhaps with a marinade.  It was seasoned very well.  The pork came with grilled peach sections and a wedge of pungent grilled ratatouille.  Perfectly prepared.I loved our waitress's enthusiasm about the dishes when I asked her questions about them.Of course, we wanted dessert.  The Ruby port with dessert was great.  Very smooth.  I might would have liked it to be more musky, but still it was really good.The goat cheese dessert is interesting.  There is a definite goat flavor.  Our waitress asked us if there was a more correct word in English for "goaty".  Goaty may not be a real word, but it conveys the dessert flavor a lot better than "goatlike" or "goatish."  Underneath an overwhelming amount of a crumbled pecan topping, a nicely textured custard lies in wait.  Beneath the custard are pleasing cold wedges of fruit (peach, apple, pear?).   All in all, a beautifully crafted dish.   But it's fair to note that if you are not a big cheesecake fan, pick something else.Remember, the fine dishes here do take a while to prepare. But it will be very well worth your wait!Just an observation, voices magnify in the cozy dining rooms.  Three old guys were drinking beer, reminiscing and philosophizing in the corner loudly, pretty much drowning out everyone else.  Just be mindful of your conversation volume here.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2009,11/14/2009,52,115,20,14,11>Sassycab confession: 2 taxis pulled up at the same time for my coworker and I while we waited outside of Chopsticks in the pouring winter rain - Yellow Cab and Sassy's Cab.  I had just finished singing my rendition of Chaka Kahn's "Stay" and Selena's "Como La Flor" for karaoke night so I was naturally feeling sassier than normal.I'm sure Sassy Cab is constantly bombarded by drunk bitches mocking the name of the company, like me at 2 in the morning.  Thankfully the driver found humor in the situation also and didn't drop my ass off on the corner in the rain.  Timely, efficient, cordial and most importantly, sassy... who would travel in anything less?
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2009,11/13/2009,109,677,15,17,15>This is quite possibly a new regular spot!  It was just barely warm enough to sit out on the (covered, heated) patio, and while it was packed inside (super loud), the outside seating was comfy and mellow.  We each had a bloody which, I am pleased to report, came with not one but TWO pickled beans and the house-made mix was good.  It was not very spicy and actually a touch on the sweet side, but we both gave it a thumbs up.  On to the 'meat' of the review... well, no.  No meat.  But this is one thing I actually like about the Bye and Bye.  While it's vegan through and through, they don't flaunt this at all.  It's not even pointed out on the menu, really and they make darn good snacks there.  Cheap chips and salsa or edamame and a dollar off entrees for happy hour.  We had the BBQ/Brussels bowl and my extreme adoration for Brussels Sprouts has been renewed.  I love them.  B&B halves and roasts them, and combines with delicious BBQ tofu chunks on top of brown rice, sprinkled with nutritional yeast.  Great, healthy meal.  Next up, because I am a sucker and will buy anything the bartender tells me to, got the special that day, Philly "Chz Steak" sandwich.  The main selling point here is that when the BT told me they make their own seitan, I had to try it.  This sandwich was crazy good.  I'm dreaming about going back right now.  The seitan itself was top-notch, well-seasoned throughout, and a great texture.  Thin slices stuffed into a good baguette, topped with peppers, onions, and a cheezy sauce.  I ate half and said I was going to take the other half for lunch the next day, but really as soon as I got home, I ate it in bed and got cheezy sauce all over my bathrobe while I watched "Seinfeld".  At least I am honest.  I like the option of making a meal out of sides, which you can do for $7 including black eyed peas, greens, chili, brussels, etc.  The Weeping Tiger sandwich did make me weep a little, only because it was so spicy it burned my lips off.  But I was adequately warned beforehand.  While personally, I can't stand a drop of SoCo, lots of the beautiful people at the Bye and Bye were drinking the signature drink featuring said devil juice, which cutely comes in a large Mason jar.  I like that.  Good drink menu in general, creative and fun names/combos.  $1 off draughts for happy hour (which makes for a dollar Hamms), $6 Mason jars of brews (except a couple).  It reminds me of Vendetta a little bit, the general look and feel, but with a somewhat ironic Southern twist.  Or should we call that a  B&B SoCo Twist?  Bye and Bye:  I totally just coined your new drink.  You're welcome.  But don't let me have one.  Bartenders were awesome.  Really friendly and cheerful.  The crowd got cooler and prettier as the night progressed and it was packed.  I even mentioned to J, "Whoah.  Everyone here is like... really cool.  Glad I'm wearing my super dorky fleece, people probably think I'm being ironic".  One slightly odd thing, though- there were a couple of babies there.  Who is bringing babies to bars?!  Ahhhh, maybe it's a SoCo Twist thing...
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2009,11/12/2009,121,1306,17,21,19>Did you know its possible to make a waffle even more cool than it already is? No, really, it totally is. You see, what you do is, you turn a waffle into a tortilla. How genius is this? I've been known to make a sandwich with everyone's favorite toaster waffles, but a wrap? A burrito? GENIUS.Inside this tortilla you stuff a bunch of tasty, yet simple, ingredients like ham and smoked Gouda, lemon curd and whipped cream, and nutella and peanut butter. Bacon? Did I mention they have lots of bacon? The friendly folks from within this corner cart wrap it all up for you, and for a few measly bucks you have a tasty sort of awesome you can wrap your hand around. Or two. You can definitely eat two. I can eat two, and quite possibly three. The only thing is, don't order them at the same time. The sog-factor kicks in by the time you're done with the first. Soggy waffles are not good, not good at all. I have texture issues, and a soggy waffle is not a texture I can be friends with. It's still edible though. They serve Spella coffee here, too. Do you realize how awesome that is? If you know me, you know I rave and rave and rave about Spella coffee. Couple it with a waffle? Amazing.A few picnic tables, covered from the elements, give you a place to park your backside while you eat if you want. It's a pretty nice set up. For comparisons sake, this is nothing like Waffle Window. Frankly, they're two completely different experiences. You're comparing apples to oranges. While they're both fruit, that's about all they have in common. WW waffles and FS waffles are two different animals, and ultimately two different kinds of awesome. Do you feel like a Belgian with a little bit more seasonal and unique flavors? Go to WW.Do you want simple, tasty ingredients wrapped to go? Go to FS.Seriously though, can you go wrong with waffles? Hell no.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,11/11/2009,457,244,23,19,22>Despite the famous proverb, not all good things come in small packages.  Take for example the "fun sized" chocolate bars handed out by the candy misers on Halloween.  There is nothing fun about receiving a small hint of chocolate, especially when half of it typically sticks to the fun sized packaging.And ladies, despite what you may publicly declare, us guys know that size really does matter, and small is not the preference of choice.  I'm sure our city's mayor would whole heartedly agree.   And the itty bitty committee?  No complaints here, but big and real still seems to get  you a drink at a busy bar or a g-string full of ones.Mini Coopers?  Micro machines on steroids.  Lil Wayne?  I'll take Biggie over him any day.  The Little's Cartoon? Tiny Tim?  All small time acts.Do you ever hear of someone being "small and in charge"?   Didn't think so.  Being vertically challenged, friends would chide during pick up b-ball games that, "he might be small but awfully wiry."  Doesn't instill much fear in your opponents, does it?So going to dinner to have "small" plates for the TLB's birthday raised some doubt and caused a tiny bit of consternation.  Big time.  Boy was I wrong to have any doubts.Andina's small plates are amazing.  We shared six small plates, each one an remarkable example of Peruvian food at its finest.  The small plates truly are a wonderful way to sample multiple flavors, combinations and culinary creations with the entire table.  The piquillo peppers stuffed with cheese, quinoa and Serrano ham was out of this world.  The marinated chicken kebobs, served with huacatay-peanut sauce melted in your mouth.  Their Causa, which is a traditional preparation of freshly mashed potatoes, infused with key lime juice and pressed into a cake with assorted fillings (we went with the spicy tuna, crab salad, and crispy shrimp) is served cold and was one of the most attractive and unique dishes I've had in quite some time.  And the conchas a la parmesana (bay scallops baked with parmesan cheese and lime butter) literally delivered a gastronomic orgasm to us both.I even decided to really go big time and order a bottle of Crystal...which is a full bodied lager from Peru.Our sever (whom the TLB deemed to be "really cute") could not have been better, spacing out the small plates two at a time (which is how I like them), never hurrying us to the next stage of the meal.  When he inadvertently took my beer glass still containing that one final, non backwashed taste of hops, he quickly returned with it and an apology.Yet it wasn't just the outstanding service and fantastic cuisine that gives Andina a full 5 stars, it was the attention to all the small details.  And that is why Andina's is the closest I've been to perfection in a very long time.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,11/10/2009,45,71,17,15,17>Housebuying is awful scary, especially for sad sacks like us who have mentally moved into 17,468 beautiful houses without knowing the first thing about buying a damn house. We don't know what we can afford. We can't explain in intelligent terms what a mortgage is. Our priorities include clawfoot tubs and a porch and a breakfast nook and maybe a friendly ghost who will warn us when the toast is burning. We know we want a house, but we just don't know how to do it. And we've gone on enough tours of Dream Houses in the Land of Make Believe to get us downright moody.And then the Portland Housing Center comes along and gently but firmly tells us to get a grip. I can't tell you how impressed I am with this place. We took the Homebuying 101 class, and for a totally worth-it $50, we were gently ushered from the Land of Make Believe to Homebuying Reality, and it turns out that EVERYTHING IS GOING TO BE OKAY. You spend a Saturday learning about the ins and outs of all things housey. You get the biggest book ever filled with everything you need to know about getting your finances in order and getting a loan and looking at houses and getting them inspected and stuff that would otherwise make you get a headache and run away because it's all too overwhelming. You get to hear about all the fantastical resources available to you, like government programs and delightful grants and urban renewal incentives. They serve cookies.You arm yourself with homebuying knowledge and you get to eat cookies at the same time.But the thing is, they don't let you out at 5 and just kind of wave at you from the parking lot. The Portland Housing Center encourages you to use them as a resource. They'll explain scary forms and foreign jargon. They'll give you referrals. I bet they give hugs. Upon buying a house, I will send them a fruit basket.
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,9/18/2014,6,6,28,15,10>Can't believe I'm writing this, but hey if you're reading it, you're just as much of a weirdo as I am. I had an absolutely fantastic experience here. It took me 15 minutes to walk around the block before I could muster the courage to come in here, but it was so worth it. This isn't your walmart of sex shops, the selection is on the smaller side, but curated. There is a spread of mens clothing as well, and all of the dirty stuff is in the back, phew. However, my favorite part of my shopping experience was the staff. I was greeted in a super friendly, welcoming manner, and the gentleman who helped me was patient, funny, attentive, and gave me space when I needed it. He was also impeccably dressed. When he walked me through the lube section, he was more like a perfumer at Jo Malone, going through ingredients, safety, and even taste...except instead of making you smell nice, these little vials help you accomodate large penii.With the help of another sales associate, I discovered and fell in love with the Maison Close line, which I had never even heard of prior to visiting Spartacus. Gorgeous, French lingerie at affordable prices? Suck it La Perla.As I got to know the lovely gentleman better, I learned he was married to a woman. Seems like a minor detail, but I have to say, this was more fun and WAY less creepy than when I bought my car, went to Home Depot, bought gum at a convenience store, etc...It was also nice to hear a man's perspective as well as a couple's point of view.And to top it all off, as he was ringing me up, he let me know that Spartacus started off as a leather company, so their in house leather products carry a lifetime guarantee. Discipline your partner with peace of mind, y'all. I don't know if the SAs are on commission or not, but my level of service was on par with Nordstrom. Also, they had a wide variety of frisky music playing. Pro.Now go make eye contact with your dog while it takes a shit, you weird fuck.
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,9/17/2014,60,128,6,5,8>Tired of all this raining aroundRealizing the jar was coveredReaching out to the obviousStarting with an apple not a questionOur most, adorable businessesAromatherapeutic is just one reactionOrganized on EtsyWith one shop, onlineWe got All Jarred UpWe got All Jarred UpWe got All Jarred UpAll Jarred UpAll Jarred UpBack at the mobile bakeryWe're getting clearer all the timeRefined to one shape, containers like crystalIt has the symmetry of perfect designOne lattice leads, to anotherThey cross at the corners run straight at the sidesIt reads the same way in any directionFruit sensation in a wide mouth masonWe got All Jarred UpWe got All Jarred UpWe got All Jarred UpAll Jarred UpAll Jarred UpShriekback flashback
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,9/16/2014,265,215,7,11,10>5 Stars. Duh. This place is the bees knees. It's the only bar in Old Town/Chinatown that has an extensive list of quality cocktails & beer with a funky swanky atmosphere and great service. I work in Old Town and have been waiting for a place like this all my life. Well, 5 months. The recent Yelp event here led me to get a fire under my booty to write a review. I've been here a number of times in the last month:* Easy Company opens at 430, so when I get off of work around 5  there's still plenty of room inside, and probably a table or two open outside.* Shae, the bartender who seems to always be behind the bar, is friendly, professional, knowledgeable, and a total babe. I love her.* The cocktail menu is extensive. With a bar menu, a chalkboard menu and a secret book menu of recipes behind the bar, these folks can make anything your heart desires, and make it exquisitely. * They have bubbles. 'Nough said.* Loads of beer for when you don't want a cocktail. Hey, it happens to the best of us. * Happy Hour has a nicely curated selection of cocktails for a great price point. Basically, this is the best place in all the land, or all of Old Town, and I love it and you will probably love it too.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,9/15/2014,188,386,7,7,8>"Do you hate me?" asked Dr. Regan when I sat in the chair.Two weeks earlier, they'd prepped me for a crown and extracted a wisdom tooth. It was my first experience with either of these procedures. I was now back in to get my crown installed.  The question was legit.Lucky for him, the answer was, "No! Not at all!"I'd gone in, got numbed up really, really well, and left with one less tooth and one prescription for painkillers. In the end, I felt so well that I went in to work that afternoon and never needed anything stronger than ibuprofen.After all the horror show of dental pain predicted by people like my best friend ("expect the worst" he cheerfully contributes),  I was even a little worried that it didn't hurt more... was there something wrong with me? I decided no, I just have a good dentist, and was pleased as punch.Initially, I chose Dr Regan's office because they were one of few who took my insurance (thanks, Aetna?), but I'll stay with them because they're straightforward, efficient, nice people, and really good at what they do, which is taking care of teeth and gums. Also they take my insurance.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2014,9/14/2014,140,274,4,13,9>I'm always a little baffled that this place isn't completely packed all the time.  In some ways I'm perfectly happy that I can alway sit down with no reservation and have probably the best authentic Italian food in Portland.The pasta is home made daily along with the bread.  The sauces are perfect and no overdone with ingredients.  It's simple with few ingredients that are done perfectly.  They give you huge pours of wine to accompany your dinner.  Order the "sampler" starter-it's different every time and always has great items on it.If you're doubting this place there is a great way to "try" this place.  Come for lunch.  They have a $10.00 all you can eat buffet that gives you a sample of the great food here.  There's always salads, polenta, several pastas, and wood fired pizza out.  At $10.00 you can't miss this!!!  They even have it open on the weekends.If you are a local you can pop in and buy bread daily if you desire.I've always had great service here.  They are very Italian-so the service is European.  This means you will have to let the server know when you are ready to order and when you want your check.  They think it rude to ask.  Also.....if you do wander in and it is busy....you might have to wait a bit.  They don't have a large kitchen staff.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,9/13/2014,62,195,4,13,12>My husband now works down the road and has been eyeing this place for a couple of weeks. We decided to meet for an early dinner on a hot summer day. The restaurant is located in an unassuming strip mall, where they've built a cute little shed that pumps out the alluring scent of smoked meat. The set-up is confusing: shed & kitchen with outside seating area at the end of the strip, order at their other shop Piglet a couple of doors down. The day we went it was super hot and the A/C in Piglet wasn't working, so we had to hunt down outside seating in the shade and still melted.The food came out crazy fast after we ordered, which makes sense with what we got. My chicken was moist and flavorful, the potato salad was good, cornbread was ok (JAM liked it better than I did). His ribs were moist and flavorful. The pickled cucumber and onions were quite good too. I'd go back, I just hope they get that air fixed.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,9/12/2014,509,364,5,9,9>Where to begin?First off, I have no mobile photos to upload because the goodies cannot wait. Entering Back To Eden Bakery is like entering heaven.] - savory and sweet pastries - all beautiful and all the the flavors I love: lavender, cardamom and marionberry represented. There are scones, muffins, doughnuts, cinnamon rolls, cookies cup cakes and more. The sugar-head little girl instead me wants to live here. It's nice they have soups and more sensible menu items, but seriously, I don't understand the people who come in here for a real "lunch" ...Get a pastry! Get a Life!The last venture included a haul of marionberry coffee cake and a chocolate chip cookie. The coffee cake was killer - with at least 1 marionberry part in each bite and a nice cinnamon ride. The cookie was also delicious and somewhat healthy tasting (I am into that, obvi). I've had cupcakes - very moist (only complaint is that they are not big enough). Next trip hopefully will involve a savory pastry. Whether your GF & V or one or none, this place is outstanding!
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,9/11/2014,42,160,4,11,7>I'm one of those people who will travel completely out of my way to get exactly what I want with good service.Sure, there's a washer/ dryer at my apartment building in SE... but it's gross and scary down there.Spin is everything I ever dreamed for a laundromat and more!I'm able to enjoy a glass of wine (or beer, or Kombucha) and panini while watching a Blazers game or movie projected on the cafe wall (with the added bonus of finally getting laundry done).There's a cool loft area upstairs with two pinball machines and a comfortable couch.The owner and employees are super nice, too.I appreciate how they keep the space clean and are knowledgeable about the machines.The owner even remembered my name the second time I came in, which is amazing and nice.If you forget soap, no big deal, they offer a free scoop with every load!I'm a huge fan of their late hours, too!I love Spin Laundry Lounge.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,9/10/2014,104,65,13,8,9>I don't need to write a lot about this place- -all you need to know is that this restaurant serves the smallest portions of the most delicious flavors I've put in my mouth, possibly ever, and I'm not a foodie. I'm not daintily massaging my ears to detect "the faintest soussant of asparagus" in my wine. It is not inexpensive, but it's not unrealistically overpriced, and it's the most enthusiastic I've ever felt about food- -and I would gladly pay any price for eats this good. Plus, there's no kitchen, so the way in which all of this most-delicious-food-your-mouth-can-know is cooked is via a word I will butcher, but essentially it's a tub of hot water. So, basically....it's cooked via magic. I fuck up Easy Mac, so watching them create culinary masterpieces with a tub of hot water makes my head explode. This place is a great date spot, because the portions are small and there's almost no chance that you will overeat. So, your "date outfit" will still look great and your post-date naked festivities are still GAME ON, because you won't have an unsightly distended belly and be given to ONLY snuggling. Smell what I'm cookin'......in a tub of water? Money well spent. Also, impress your foodie friends by taking them here. Despite their best efforts, they probably won't be able to find things to hate about it. They may even concede that it's "good" or "ok," which is a gross understatement and the mark of your hosting/restaurant-suggestion victory.
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,9/9/2014,284,258,5,12,10>HOLY AMAZING FIRST DINNER LIVING IN PORTLAND, THE OBSERVATORYthank you, thank you, thank you!Their dinner menu is incredible. An excellent combination of creative & reasonably priced items theobservatorypdx.com/me That oregano fry bread is a must order, like everyone says. It was hot as hell that day, so I also got their gazpacho, which was awesome and came with MORE BREAD. Yeah! The smoked trout salad was incredible. It's basically a niçoise salad, but with smoked trout instead of tuna. It was filling and delicious. My mother ordered their ribeye, which was PERFECTLY cooked and a steal at $18. We washed everything down with their craft cocktails. They have a tom kha cocktail that is seriously one of the best cocktails I've had. They even use Thai chile infused vodka. I also tried the "Cumin Centipede," which was a bit too salty to be enjoyable. Props for the clever name though.The host and our waitress were so warm and hospitable. Our waitress arranged a great photo of me and my mom, which I know must have been a pain in the ass.The Observatory is such a hidden gem. It's completely worth the trek out to the far SE. Save it for a special occasion or just to have a cocktail and fry bread.
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,3/31/2010,61,77,8,10,9>yay! i'm a fan. i was lamenting the fact that there aren't many good places to go for dinner during the week within quick walking distance of my job, most food carts close at 6 or earlier and i don't usually go on my meal break until 6:30 or 7 at the earliest. the carts that ARE open late have let me down on more than one occasion, but being the glutton for punishment that i am, i kept going back.UNTIL NOW...el canario, saludos! yes, it's a few blocks farther than i typically might go, but with the time change it's staying lighter later, and the temperature is rising, which means i'm more adventurous and willing.located right on the far side of the parking lot across from berbati's pan, it's probably among the top 5 most convenient places to eat late night when you're in the downtown/oldtown/pearl district area.i had a carnitas burrito, and it was really pretty darn good. not fatty at all, and not greasy! they automatically put crema y guacamole on it, and they put rice in it (which as you may know, i don't typically enjoy) but they're rices was cheesey and therefore extremely palatable.it's a rare day that i turn down something cheesey.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,3/30/2010,110,167,8,12,11>Do you smell that? That's the smell of saved bacon. My saved bacon! Yesterday was snowpocalypse09 and we were low on fuel. While fueling up our battery died... Not sure the cause. Maybe it was the cold weather... It sure as hell couldn't have been the lights, fog lights, heater fan, rear defroster, radio and cell phone charger that were left on while the car was off to bee filled up. Nope... Couldn't have been that at all.After filling up the car wouldn't start. They gas station attendants helped push our car out of the way so other customers could get gas. They had us push the car over towards a Bronco in the parking lot. Next they I know what of the attendant was opening the hood of the Bronco and handing my jumper cables. Soon our car was started and we were on our way.He didn't have to help us, but I'm sure glad he did. It took us 5 and a half hours to get home. It could have been way worse without his help.Thanks Bronco dude!
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2010,3/29/2010,72,144,14,13,12>BYE AND BYE To tell you the truth, I was less than stoked when this place moved into the neighborhood. I like my rent low, and my bars DIVEY. Even though I had been begging for years for a cool bar to crawl home from, I felt that this place was a little too sparkly with its Pearly Friday Night Crowds in their VersaceWear and its loungy, uber-hip arty atmosphere. I was initially pissed. But then, the douchenozzles that HAVE to go to only the newest places on the scene moved up the street to the Radio Room, this place became a rad neighborhood spot. It still has the loungy atmosphere and cool art, but I'm just seeing it through different eyes. Eyes that have beheld a little drink I like to call The North Williams. OMG, I would put up with sitting on razorblades having to listen to electro-folk-pop-hardcore-funk-fusion for 17 hours as long as I could have this small wonder by my side (or in my mouth?) If you're picking up what I am laying down, I would get this drink immediately. Its spicy, bourbony, ginger-beer-brewed-in-small-batches-in-backwater- Georgia could inspire world peace. Aside from this drink from the gods, the pluses are.......The bartenders are all really cool and speedy. The jukebox has Jay Reatard on it. The back porch encased in bamboo is magical. ALL of the foodstuffs are Vegan---therefore safe to eat, and most taste go-ood. Prices are reasonable. Plenty of seating. Close to home. I really couldn't ask for more. Grrreat Happy Hour deals. Oh, except I hate the bathroom situation. minus a half star for that, but I round up.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,3/28/2010,152,351,18,18,16>This is why you want me in charge of your retirement gift: I buy booze. I buy booze you like. Even when I'm running late to your party in BFE east county.This small liquor store resides in a smog-choked intersection hellstrip, where, God willing, you will never have cause to pass through, let alone stop.But if you do, your bravery and fortitude will be rewarded with a shockingly good selection and friendly staff. I hope someone like me is around when I retire.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,3/27/2010,123,89,14,13,15>I drink red wine and espresso at 1:30 in the afternoon because I do not have a real job. And there is a certain type of pleasure one derives from watching downtown business folk clutch their proverbial pearls in horror as I slowly get buzzed and read fail blog while they discuss their plans to "merge" or "dividend" or "acquisition". Or whatever it is those people do. Despite it's downtown location, I've always felt like it was my friendly neighborhood coffee shop. This could be due to it's proximity to my neighborhood and the uh, friendliness. That's probably what it is actually. So while you can make your own coffee at home, you probably shouldn't. Not just because these kids are espresso rocket scientists and you are not. They also play better music than you and are way hotter than your room mate. Just sayin'
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,3/26/2010,39,39,,29,19>When that ever dreaded phone call came in at 5AM the last morning of October I was consumed with fear. "Dad, I'm in the hospital. They tell me it's Emanuel. The doctors said I have brain damage, spine damage and a severely deformed leg." Well my son was speaking, although somewhat incoherently, so the brain damage had to be minimal. The drive to the hospital was one of the longest of my life. We'd been to Emanuel too many times before. One of my grandson's was diagnosed with a fatal disease there and died at home three months later. My daughter had two babies 18 months apart that were each born 3 months early and weren't expected to live. They were both in the NICU for three months. All of these recent traumas were filling my mind on that seemingly endless 20 minute drive. Would this be one more death, or would Emanuel pull off another miracle?We found my son listed as "Neon Doe", a code name for unknown victims of car accidents. We made the walk to his room not knowing what to expect. Would we still have our son? Would he be permanently disabled? What would his cognitive ability be? We walked into his room seeing my baby in a back and neck brace. Half of his face was gone and his leg was completely wrapped and was being propped above his heart. I wasn't sure how the staff would treat us, or what information they would release to us, since my son was 24 years old. They were wonderrful. They brought us extra chairs, they worked around us although we made sure to stay out of their way. The first nurse answered all of our questions and told us as much as they knew. Cole was walking home from a pub and was on the side of the road when he was hit. He was unconscience when the EMT's reached him and his injuries were so serious that he was flown by LifeFilght to Emanuel. He was hit so hard that he was knocked out of his boots and his wallet flew out of his pocket, When he woke up he only knew his first name so he still had the "Neon Doe" tag on. The nurse walked us through all of this several times so that we could take it all in. The trauma team came in and thoroughly explained the trauma he had suffered, again several times. We were numb and not retaining information very well. They cleared him of any back and skull fractures and explained every step of the way what they were doing. The nurses came and went, but they might as well have been the same nurse with the same demeanor, they were  wonderful. They put up with our large family and Cole's large network of friends for a week before he was released. They never complained even though Cole's friends stayed every night and rarely showered. The boys were ripe! The nurses were nothing but pleasant,  informative and took amazing care of our son.The orthopedic surgeon was another wonderful member of the hospital. Once again he included us in everything and had us all at ease before he went in to re-build my son's leg. He drew pictures of what he was going to to and sat for us to ask any questions we had. The day Cole was released a social worker came in and told him that we could fill his prescriptions at no charge. They wanted to be sure that he was taken care of. We feel that our son, as well as our three grandchildren received the best care possible from some of the most compassionate members of the medical community. This is one hospital that seems, as least to me, to be there for the patients and not for the bottom line. For our family that hospital brings up terrible memories of lost children, very fragile preemies and now a severely injured 24 yr old. Somehow, however, the memories of the staff and the care that we received each and every time is enough to pull us through and realize how lucky we really are. Emanuel, in my opinion, is one incredible hospital.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2010,3/25/2010,80,196,19,15,16>I KNOW I wasn't THAT drunk...Yet how can I explain a $18 bill for a bacon cheeseburger, fries, 5 PBR's and a rum and coke?  I was flabbergasted.  Was this a dream?  A hallucination?  A drunk girl's wishful thinking?  No, it was all real and a dream come true, all at George's.  I think I would consider moving up near this place just so I could stumble home from it more frequently (some people had some confusion at which direction was South after our departure, making stumbling distance something to be quite jealous over rather than using the incredibly convenient MAX right outside.)The food was yummy!  Super cheap, served quickly and tasty to boot!Shangri-La, George's be thy name.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,3/24/2010,141,355,11,15,16>Sprezzatura and a little hot sauce. The Renaissance Era quality "Sprezzatura" is art that conceals art.  Otherwise said, it's the manner in which something that's awesome appears to be completed without thought or effort.  Which is exactly what happens at la Bonitia. You walk in to a slightly chilly but packed little restaurant. The tables are full, there's a line to the back where small rounded windows sit under a huge chalkboard menu.  People cycle through, you get to the front and a smiling gal takes your order "For here?" You bet. There's something intriguing about watching the dance behind the counter of plates being piled high with asada, queso, tortillas, arroz, and more. "53" is called, then "54".  The numbers continue, the trays and bags pass by, and no matter how many people cram in this little Alberta institution, it feels spacious and effortless.  Your order is called, same smile, a tray with your plate and couple bottles of hot sauce looks amazing, and walking back to the table you can't help but think the next thing in some form or another; this whole thing. This Bonita thing. It's is kind of glamorous. In a North Portland, down to earth, nonchalant kind of way.  And then you take a bite.   Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Let me see if I've got this straight.This seemingly swell little place that has so much going for it in the charm also happens to serve up some of the best Mexican food I've ever had? Specifically in the Carne Asada genre? I'm blown away, and quite honestly, caught off guard.  And you will be too. Regardless of the praise you've read before, it's not until it hits your taste buds that you realize just what a treat you have in front of you. Think quesadillas, seemingly simple? Of course. Fold carne asada between the tortillas and add melt in cheese? Lovely.  Add a little sour cream? divine. But it can go a step farther. Yup. Try the hot sauce. Even if you don't like it, don't like spicy, try it. Go on. It's green and red. Otherwise known as go and go, but don't get caught without a glass of water. Don't even consider shaming your tongue with fountain drink fizz.  Keep it simple. Thoughtless. Just eat.  Because really, the whole thing will have you saying "Holy hell. This is amazing."La Bonita.  You'll get the Sprezzatura... and a little hot sauce.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,3/23/2010,532,371,16,13,18>{the dragon}It's my job to get fired daily, and you know, I love it.I couldn't see myself doing anything else, if fact I can't really do anything else, or even see myself for that matter.To me each day is about the same, consistency is important in my line of work. The artisans labor around me to make fresh batches of dough by hand, time passes, it rises, then a limited flourish of sauce and toppings.Now they are ready, these soft limp circular creations. Placed in my giant maw, I lend a fiery breathe and there is life. The "Pies" now return to the world, slightly charred, crisp, with an airy yet still quite thin crust. An ephemeral existence, one usually lasting less than half an hour from creation. Perhaps this is for the best though, as their overall make-up changes with time.{me} I rushed to the car, excited. The wait was short, it was Monday after all. Don't like crowds, don't eat here when it's busy. Want more toppings eat somewhere else. I had gotten a half Margherita-half Tartufo bianco and an assassinated Roman dictator perpetuo  to go. Not ideal, but I wanted to share with my much better half. I opened th box. A blast of steam and warmth filled the chill air.  Digging in to the red side first a few things occurred to me all at once. I liked it. I was really hungry. Both the top and bottom were crisp, something unique among Portland pies.That the pizza was crafted with care and the highest ingredients to me is undeniable. Personally though, not my favorite in P-town. I like my cheese a little rarer (less brown chewy, more stringy) and my crust a little drier (more of an oven baked bread feel than a deep fried spring roll). So good, if not great NY style pizza, but Gladstone and W'Yeast are more my style.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2010,3/22/2010,276,315,31,20,19>There are certain things in life that are easy:  (1) Putting on weight.(2) Your sister.(3) Your mom. But there's nothing easier than dropping a lot of dough at Spyce.  Especially if you're into exotic vixens like Jayce, who calls you sexy like a savvy salesman can sell you a Kia Spectra for the babe-magnet that it isn't.Perhaps the key is not going into Spyce when you're getting your three sheets on.  It probably will ensure that you don't drop dollar bills onto the stage after every verse of Usher's Papers.  It likely will also prevent you from buying every single stripper that massages your shoulder a twelve-dollar cocktail.  It also would maybe prevent you from tipping 50% for a lap dance.Yeah.  Probably.The bottom line is, in spite of there being only one stage with two poles in the main space, making for the environs being cozy indeed, Spyce still features some of the hottest-looking women in town.  And the fact that there is no railing to separate you from simply ogling to being felt up, Spyce will definitely fall within my strip club druthers category.  Anytime.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2010,11/2/2011,637,638,12,16,8>Oh Star Bar...just what a bar should be...but with better food. I'd be lying if I said my love for Star Bar was automatic. it was more like a slow simmer to a rolling boil. I have been quiet a few times at this point, had my way with the menu and libations, and I have no complaints! You can order a Sparks for god sake, Not that I do often..but I like to know the option is there should i get to that point. The pulled pork sliders..oh my goodness the sliders. Get one, shit get three. I've also had the mac and cheese, a burger, ruben, and picked at things here and there. They don't have ranch..gasp..but they have this garlic aioli that made me even say "ranch who?". They really up the ante when it comes to your standard bar food, there is nothing "Standard" about it really. Star bar has DJ's most nights, Karaoke on Sundays and a jukebox that's nothing to scoff at. As I near my 500th review I'm really running out of creative ways to describe bars. If you've read any of my past reviews on them, you know I like dark, sleek bars. The Star bar is this, plus some velvet paintings. Okay and if none of that sold you, come for the naked babes on the menu.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2011,11/1/2011,109,677,37,35,35>The best thing to come from SNL in years is, without a doubt, Stefon, the uber-hip club kid and City Correspondent on SNL's Weekend Update.  His recommendations for things like "family-friendly holiday activities" or Mother's Day brunch inevitably begin with "NY's hottest club is..." and he then goes on to describe completely absurd parties that sound like "visions a dying gay man would have if he was under too many blankets", including all-night secret raves featuring performance art like "human luggage" (midgets on roller skates you wheel through airports).  Compare some Stefon skits with the usual descriptions of Blow Pony, and I'll bet my boa you might not be able to distinguish them.  After all, BP's got bears, chubs, hawks, cocks, pigs, trannys, queens, shirt lifters, pillow biters, crap stabbers, furries, femmes, and knob shiners.  Stefon would feel right at home, especially if it was Teddy Graham Night (you know... men with short arms and big bellies).Blow Pony, a monthly event, was started in 2007 as a place where "all our brothers and sisters felt welcome and loved."  They list their primary concerns and involvement as being in queer rights, trans rights, women's rights, and "a search in the dumpster for more trash."  There's a big sign at the entrance making it known that if you are racist, homophobic, sexist, or just generally do not like hard-partyin' weirdos, this is not the party for you. The venue itself (Rotture/Branx) is a filthy, hot, sweaty mess, and it does get packed to the gills.  You will meet new friends.  You will get drinks spilled on you.  You will be dripping sweat from head to toe.  You will dance with strangers.  You will see people of every imaginable body type wearing anything from... well, nothing, to clown suits, to pony costumes, to dominatrix outfits.  You will also see people in jeans and tshirts; it's definitely not about the wacky get-ups but those are a bonus.  There are generally 4-5 different DJs for each event, both upstairs (Rotture) and downstairs (Branx), frequently out-of-town guests and some local celebs.  There's a no-frills bar on each level, pouring beer and simple mixed drinks in plastic cups.  The bathroom lines get insane.  Just past the pinball machines on the upper level, there's a rickety old deck that I cannot believe has not been shut down yet.  It gets so goddamned hot in the party, everyone pours onto the deck, and you can feel the damn thing swaying, like it's going to give out any second.  It overlooks the Tazo tea factory, which gives off a most wonderful aroma, thank God.  I've seen some wicked crazy shit at these parties.  I don't really have a more eloquent way to put that.  Once, a woman on stage in a hot teal corset threw a chain around my neck.  I found out later it was a famous singer that I didn't recognize.  At the last BP I attended, I got motorboated, on stage, by a woman in red underpants, and danced with a man dressed as a skunk.  This was moments before we convinced an especially attractive but normally shy friend of ours to ascend the go-go dancer platform.  Clothing was removed, and that's probably as much as I should say.  Five stars for the enthusiasm and for Keeping Portland Weird, though I could break that down to less for some of the trickier aspects of these events, like the super-long lines, icky bathrooms and occasionally less-than-stellar DJs.  BUT, I still go with a fiver for the general wacky experience.  There is a good time to be had here, people.  When the DJs are good, they are very good.  One of my favorite Stefon bits - "New York's hottest club is Twice... where you will be greeted at the door by a Rabbi that looks like Joaquin Phoenix... and human fire hydrants.  You know, it's that thing when high-waisted midgets have, like, the red pants and the big ass."  Or, even better - "New York's hottest club is Creep... lights, psychos, furbies, and screaming babies in Mozart wigs."  I wouldn't put any of those things past Blow Pony, no sir.  If Bill Hader, the gifted actor who plays this Stefon gentleman ever comes to town, I will make it my personal mission to get him to attend, solely for more (and non-fiction!) material for the skit.  It's a helluva good time and one of about 178764 reasons I love Portland, where this kind of debaucherous behavior is not only normal, but welcomed and encouraged.  We are blessed, dear reader.  Blessed by the Pony.Psst:  If you haven't seen a Stefon skit, here's an example mediaite.com/online/bill
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2011,10/31/2011,49,46,11,9,8>After an amazing afternoon of lazily floating down the river, my group decided to grab dinner (sober up) before making the trek home. On the recommendation of a group member, we gave Tad's a go. It was well past 8, dark, and most everyone had gone home, so we got the adorable little restaurant mostly to ourselves. The hostess seated us on the covered deck with an amazing view overlooking the river, sharing the large area with a quiet family, whose little girl had fallen asleep with her head on the table. Most adorable thing ever.Our server brought out water, a vegetable tray (relish tray?), and hot fresh french bread, and we ordered the chicken + dumplings, pan fried chicken, and pesto chicken with peppers. And a carafe of house wine. Totally drinkable. We went through two, for fun.The food was a bit of a wait, but once it came out, sizzling and steaming from the kitchen, you understand why. This place actually makes the food. Which was a gigantic relief. I was in no mood to scarf Cisco-packaged home-style prepared food.My 1/2 pan fried chicken was exactly that, 1/2 a chicken, fried, in a pan. The batter was good, the pieces normal (not mutant big), and so so juicy delicious. It came with mashed potatoes (which were whatever) and mushroom gravy (which was good). The chicken and dumplings they're named for come in giant silver urn-like bowls, roughly the size of a football, piled high with fist size dumplings, stewed chicken and gravy, speared indelicately with a giant silver serving spoon for your portioning convenience. The dumplings are DENSE, but good. And the chicken's good. And the gravy's good. Nothing slap-yo-mamma good, but good. I didn't have any of the pesto chicken, but my friend enjoyed it, and she's a picky little thing. This place is expensive, but the orders are huge, which is why they slap a $2 shared-plate fee on your order, but seriously, when you're coming up out of the river like Aphrodite, and drained of your will to live, and don't want to settle for crap food or fast food, this place totally hits the spot. It's cute, down home, and if you get a spot overlooking the river, makes any float trip complete. Would totally come again......also whoever decorated their bathrooms? WHO decorated their bathrooms. Pink toilets, black tile, race car leather chairs?
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,10/30/2011,104,20,4,17,7>I've been waiting for five years for great ramen in Portland.  Ramen that competes with other major metros, like the best from Los Angeles' Sawtelle Blvd., San Francisco's South Bay, and Ippudo in NYC.  There have been several contenders, including Biwa, The Ramen Truck, Yuzu, and Shigezo.  All have been good, but not great.  Boke Bowl was the closest, but it was an occasional once-a-month event.I was the first customer in the door yesterday on Wafu's opening day, marched to the counter, and ordered the Wafu Ramen with pork belly and egg, and waited and watched as Chef Trent Pierce and his sous chef both worked on my bowl.  They lovingly added each ingredient, stirred it up, and finally, Pierce handed me the dish over the counter.Portland Ramen Lovers: The wait is over.  Wafu is offering, hands-down, the best ramen in Portland, and a bowl that competes with the best I've ever had. Rich, deep, and balanced flavor.  Perfect execution of toppings.  Fresh, handmade noodles with the right thickness and texture.And I haven't even explored the rest of the menu!  I tried the onigiri, which was delicious, and the creampuff, which still needs a bit of work.  But the rest of the entrees sounded delicious, and lots to dig into and try.  Oh, and vegans?  They offer a vegan ramen on the menu (extraordinarily rare for a good ramen house), which means I'll be able to come here with my vegan wife.Beyond thrilled that Portland finally offers a world-class bowl of ramen. I'm looking forward to going back to Wafu again, and again, and again.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2011,10/29/2011,170,145,3,12,9>Beaker and Flask just opened a hip little bar right next door and it's awesome!I read about their soft opening on Eater and I knew that I had to go because I adore B&F. The horseshoe shaped bar is quite a bit smaller than it's bigger brother, but they do have quite adequate seating and a pretty nice patio for those rare, sunny Portland days.Orianne G and I ended up splitting 3 different cocktails, so I'll go through them one by one.-Chilcano: Made with pisco, lemon, turbinado sugar, orange bitters, and ginger beer. Beautiful spicey beverage with bright and fresh acidity. The lemon is very prevalent, and the ginger beer provides a wonderful bite from the ginger/carbonation. It isn't too sweet and the pisco lends a very nice woody flavor.-Rum Club Daiquiri: Made with aged rum, lime, sugar, maraschino, absinthe,  and angostura bitters. This one was a bit hotter than I would prefer, and probably not my favorite but still good nonetheless. Great citrus flavor, nice fresh/balmy flavor from the absinthe, and while maraschino can be cloying sometimes, this is not. This cocktail really had a lot of potential, but just a bit of roughness around the edges.-Quarterdeck Cocktail: Made with rum, sweet sherry, blended scotch, orange bitters. Orianne G didn't like this one as much, but I think it was my favorite of the night. A citrus BOMB with a lot of vanilla flavor from the scotch. The sherry provided a nice oxidation character and the finish was dryer than I had anticipated.They also offered some free appetizers while we were there. The whole philosophy of the place is that they want the cocktails to be the primary focus, and the food to be light and complementary to the beverages. This was definitely the case.I was a huge fan of both the chicken liver mousse on toast and the piquillo stuffed peppers. The chicken liver mousse was quite rich, not too chalky, and the acidity from the onions rounded out the meat butteryness. The stuffed peppers were also BOMB. They were stuffed with green beans, potatoes, peas and topped with olive oil and a delicious olive infused salt. I could have easily eaten like 50 of these.As I said before, Rum Club really did live up to the hype of Beaker and Flask. First I thought that their drinks didn't give you the same "bang for your buck" (in terms of strength) as Beaker and Flask, but I took that back after having only two drinks.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2011,10/28/2011,53,263,20,19,21>Top 5 reasons why doing Devil's Rest trail is better than Angel's Rest:1. Fewer galumping hordes on the weekends & almost no entities during the week to interrupt your commune with nature...or the dark forces that be.2. Sweeping views of Mt Adams (on a clear day) with inspiring glimpses of soaring eagles about 0.5 mile before you reach Devil's Rest point which is darkly wooded...all the better for you to put your idle hands to work.3. 2550 ft of elevation gain over 3.5 miles one way (if starting from the Wahkeena Falls trailhead) & 850 ft higher than Angel's Rest cuz evil needs buff quads, killer glutes & kick ass cardio too4. Peaceful quiet (unless your minions have asthma) all the better to take in all those sweet nothings from the little pointy eared guy on your shoulder as opposed to buffeting winds & the cacophony off I-84 on the angelic side.5. No monster gopher holes/trail erosion tastefully hidden by overgrown grasses cuz the road to angels is paved with hardship & seriously, even Machiavelli didn't feel like being bad when laid up with a swollen ankle.In short, it's good to be bad. Details, details:Going west from Portland on I-84 take exit 28 (Bridal Falls exit) and continue east along the Historic Columbia River Hwy to the Wahkeena Falls trailhead parking lot ~2.5 miles. Do not pay parking or trail fees cuz you're evil & this area does not require any forest passes. Get there before 11AM on the weekends if you want to park in the lot or come after 11AM & park along the road with the other sinners. Why only 4 stars? Did I not mention the evil?
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2011,10/27/2011,949,916,16,12,12>My dear St. Jack,Your croissants are like crack!Chewing through the buttery-fluffy flakesIt was that awesome for goodness sakes!And that slice of quiche!You'd have to put me on a leash (literally)It was light and savory with each tasteBut it was probably not good for my waistWas kinda cool to see you guys make fresh doughFor your homemade baked goods to compliment a cup of joeI came on a summer afternoonNext time I'll be there to have drinks at your bar-like saloon!
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,10/26/2011,236,543,5,14,13>Burnside Brewing is a fine experimental restaurant hidden in a brewpub at the edge of nopersonsland. They do what you want, well, exceptionally.Magnetically lured by a Yelp tap special of Oatmeal Pale, excellent btw & recomendo, I was on a mission.Cincinnati chili.Cincinnati chili is down home grub. It's cheap and democratic in its home town in Ohio. It's the most unusual of chilis, flavored with cinnamon. Greek, maybe Macedonian, immigrants came to Cincinnati and created the dish eons ago. In Cincinnati, Camp Washington Chili, Skyline Chili and others have satisfied customers from every walk of life, in diner-like parlors, for breakfast to after bar closing noshing, at bargain prices.Cincinnati chili is made of probably the cheapest ground meat, reduced to meat fibers, and is heavy on cumin and cinnamon, cloves and allspice, even chocolate. It's served in bowls: "one way" to "five way", depending on what you add, like red beans, raw chopped onions, spaghetti, and cheddar. But another choice is the chili-dog on a bun.Burnside throws down a serious chili-dog, though they have their own creative take on Cincinnati chili. Now we are not talking nutritional correctness, when we are talking a hot dog on a white bun with chili and cheese! But with all respect to the FLOTUS, taste awesomeness in moderation is a good substitute for nutritional correctness. Just sayin'.The dish starts with a nice take on the bun. It's not a common bun, but it's toasty, and reminds of a common bun, while not being a fine Italian or French-style bread. The sausage is meaty, juicy and very ham-like, with a substantial casing. Very tasty. The chili is different than Cincinnati chili and different than most you have tasted. It's a smoky red chili, a little tomato-y, vinegar-y, with some mustard, good quality meat, and a touch of cinnamon. The grated cheddar cheese is sharp, not extra sharp, or medium-mild, as is the custom with Cincinnati chili. Solid changeup. Cincinnati-inspired. The dish is accompanied by a dill spear and some artisan pickle. Good for Burnside taking inspiration from a micro-regional specialty!I also had the cohiba. You must have this dish! Let's just say that if a former president had been eating these, rather than pork rinds, he would not have been distracted in the least by a former intern from Lewis and Clark. Not in the least.The cohiba is a duck confit springroll, with a collard over wrap, served with a sweet-salt and molecular gastronomy-inspired duck fat ground hazelnut dipping powder that might as well be crack. So Burnside Brewing could have saved the country, even the world, if they had been in DC, in the 90's, serving el presidente, and not in LoBu, serving you and me, today. It's that good.Burnside Brewing is an example of a Portland hybrid business that does food and brewing at the highest level of quality, and creativity; extreme tastiness, anyone and everyone can feel comfy here, solid spot for Portland visitors, excellent service and great presentation. Eat here now; they disappoint not.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,10/25/2011,123,492,14,18,16>Oddly enough it was the "Vampire" review that intrigued me about this place.  But I say this place is vampiric in an awesome way.  Walls and ceilings are plastered thick and painted black, black, black.  The doom and gloom is offset with a high-back, tufted red bench seat.  The art (which rotates), was a series of black and white drawings, most of which "put a bird on it," but darker, more ominous-looking birds.  Other art work was of the soft-core S&M variety.  Some places you notice the art and think, "Cool."  This art made you get up and walk around and really look at it.  Plus the prices were actually affordable.The music (before and after the DJ started) was decidedly hip hop, but not the "yeeeeeaaah boy" kind.  I would say it was more of a mellow variety, which may have a different genre name entirely.  What do I know?  Besides, it seems to change with the whim of the barkeep.  It was whiny 90's the other night - winning!Although I was thrilled to see they have $5 16oz mason jar jolly hour specials, I was not there to mess around, so I opted for the $8 32oz jars available anytime, jolly or not.  Sure, there was lots and lots of ice, and juices, but the bartender's pours were not too shabby.  Still, 32 oz is a huge...HUGE...commitment.  Trying lots of different options at the 16oz "getting to know you" size may be the way to ease into your boozy relationship here before you find yourself shackled to something you regret.  Though really, this place is about cheerful birdy booziness.  Regrets are not to be had.I tried the Chimney Swift, as well as the Guilty Sparrow.  Both were sweet and delicious.  I also had a sip of the Kentucky Blackbird, which involved whiskey and mint, among several other ingredients. This one will certainly be my next indulgence when I go back.As someone who owns more than one bitchy parrot (and I have the scars to prove it), I was thrilled to see that they actually have a drink on the menu called the Bitchy Parrot, which involves a concoction including clementine habanero tequila.  Now that will leave a mark!
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,10/24/2011,18,98,9,9,8>Go to Texas and just try to find barbeque this good. I dare you.Leroy's has it all. Sweet tea. Excellent meat, lightly smoked and falling off the bone tender. A tangy sauce that has a hint of fire and sweetness. There must be something illegal in that sauce. After gnawing all the meat off Leroy's tender juicy ribs, I found myself licking the paper and not caring one twit how much of a mess I became.The burnt mac and cheese is a fabulous combination and the coleslaw is....now get this, I don't usually like coleslaw at all....so delicious that I will willingly order it again, but only Leroy's.I cannot go to another BBQ place after this. I'm positive there is nobody that can beat Leroy's meat. Uhhhh..well, you know what I mean.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2007,12/20/2007,51,116,4,3,2>The B-Side Tavern is the quintessential Portland dive bar, and it works. Not much to see, not much to eat, but plenty to drink. Stiff and cheap, just how I (and most of Portland) like 'em. Don't you dare try and order a froofy-drink though... an x-ray of a beer bottle shoved up your god-knows-what may end up as a bar decoration (along with the rest).
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2007,12/19/2007,45,71,7,3,3>I'm not a Pearl girl myself. Most bars there make me feel like a ragamuffin/little match girl, and I end up uncomfortable and awkward, spending most of my time in the ladies' room darning my burlap shawl and using the fancy soap to wash the eastside soot off my face. As its name suggests, the Low Brow Lounge does not make me feel like the little match girl, and more importantly, would most likely not turn its nose up at LMGs and ragamuffins-at-large as I imagine other Pearl bars would. And while it does tend to pull a mixed crowd, it's comfortable. And friendly. And no one cares whether there are holes in your socks or you carry around your personal effects in a red-handkerchief bundle tied to a stick.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2007,12/17/2007,19,35,2,3,2>"Sometimes you wanna go, where everybody knows your name..." Dum-Dum-Dum-Dum...Okay, I know you know the song, but it's true.  Sometimes we do want to go to a place where we're recognized--where we are almost guaranteed to see a friend or make a new one.  That's what Kay's is all about.  It's got a great neighborhood bar feel, and the staff always treats you like you're in their home having a couple of drinks.  If I could think of what my perfect bar would be, it would come pretty close to Kay's.And the food menu?  Much better than you would find in most other pubs or bars.  Gorgonzola tots, bento, killer mac and cheese, all the stuff a neighborhood drunk like me loves.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2007,12/16/2007,21,150,2,2,2>This place RULES. For starters, it's the perfect size - big enough that they have pretty much everything you could ever need (and lots of stuff you didn't KNOW you needed until you saw it - orange-leek duck sausage??), but not so big as to trigger the "ohmigod I'm lost in a mega-mart" panic reflex. Second, they make a lot of stuff on site - they bake their own bread, roast their own roast beef, smoke their own ham, etc...and it's all incredibly good. Third, their hot food eat-it-there department is awesome. We went there this evening for dinner and some light grocery shopping. I got a burger, and it was quite seriously the best burger I've had in a long time. Delicious, juicy, perfectly cooked, etc. Yum. My wife got some pasta thing that was also really good...all for 6 bucks apiece. Fourth, their prices are really not bad at all. Sure, you can spend a lot on some things, but on others they actually have great prices. For instance, they sell Clif bars for 99 cents each every day, whereas at most stores (except for Trader Joe's, where they're also 99 cents) they're $1.29 (I eat a lot of Clif bars, so this is important to me!). Some of the more specialty items are a bit pricier, but you absolutely get what you pay for. Their house made deli meats are some of the best I've ever had,  and I'm totally happy to fork over a few extra bones for great stuff. Probably the only area where they fall short is the boring old household necessities and cleaning department...but hey, you can get that stuff somewhere else. Trader Joe's, even. One of the big selling points of the house we bought is that it's 3 blocks from New Seasons...and it worked.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2007,12/15/2007,23,0,2,3,3>This one's within stumbling distance of my current humble abode, and as you all well know, this is never a bad thing.  Other winning factors:- Nicely poured, affordable beverages- Huge outdoor seating area (and heaters for tables under the awning)- A heavily underused happy hour- Shuffleboard!- The art above the shuffleboard- Wifi!!I'm not the biggest fan of their food menu - it's sort of blah, meh, whatever.  But that's okay - if I ever get very intoxicated, their mac & cheese or nachos do the sobering up trick nicely.  If I am not drunky, however, I revert back to my "blah, meh, whatever," decision.  I have been known to walk in and walk right out again on nights when it's too crowded.  Since I live so close, it sometimes makes more sense to just head home and consume whatever I've got on-hand.  But then again...that means less people-watching!
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,12/14/2007,6,19,6,5,5>Decorated in glorious chrome, flames, and motorcycle memorbilia, its hard not to feel relaxed and have fun at Ignition. Small, but functionally perfect. I no longer suffer from lame "mom hair" because of the magical shears of Jill! Woo-hoo! She is fun and fabulous, as is the rest of the crew there. I recommend making an appointment, but they happily take walk-ins, so if your bangs are looking shabby, why not go? Seriously, look in the mirror. If you don't love it change it, right? I have to note my husband always walks away from Jill's chair looking great too.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2007,12/12/2007,5,23,3,6,8>I have to preface my review with this: I proposed to my girlfriend and this is where we went to dinnerWhen: Friday evening @ 6:15 - 8:45Cost $60 per person, excluding drinksI had made reservations for the five course meal with chef AJ. Prior to, I had called to give the chef my girlfriends dietary restrictions (vegetarian, no mushrooms & no cheese - good luck!)and let them know I would be coming to the restaurant after a proposal.To be honest I do not remember everything she was served, but I do remember her reaction to each dish - pure joy! For those of you who fight the normal restaurant "I guess I'll have a salad" vegetarian battle, you can probably imagine her delight in being served five courses without a single concern of "making" it vegetarian. She was served sweet potato egg rolls, a pear salad, spinach something, and much more. I can tell you she was stuffed. My courses consisted of scallops, duck, trout & steak. The desert was a molten chocolate cake with a raisin wine.  This was all sitting with a great view of the river and chef AJ working his magic. The atmosphere I give a 5The service 4.5 - They paced the diner well and never left us thirstyThe food 4.5 - I would give it a 5, but... screw it I give them a 5Cost - 5 Five courses for $60?  Where you give input? It is having your own personal chef. Perfect for a special occasion.The bar - 5, we met some friends for drinks post diner and had a blast.To complete the story-I proposed at the exact same spot I asked her for her phone number 20 years (almost to the day) earlier. The Jefferson High School auditorium. She said YES!Update: Couldn't be happier.Wedding Date: Aug 23rdLocation: trying to find downtown location for 200-300 (help?)Reception: Down to Montgomery Park or Rose Garden Arena
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,12/11/2007,9,97,3,5,1>I'd give this place 5 stars but I'm only going to give it a bit over 4 because I'm not the drunk I used to be.  What I remember from the last time I was here, which just happened to be at the old premises, was that I dropped $50 just on kickass cocktails and they had a delicious lamb shank that was very filling.  These days I'm less easily satiated and the lamb shank probably wouldn't have  been all that while I usually drink my booze straight instead of in sugared up cocktail form.  I'd say this is a pretty decent date spot for the most part with its dim lighting and cozy atmosphere, the old place had closer tables but it was nice having a close conversation with the white noise of others in the background.  The new location is more spatious with 2 floors but you don't have the background gab that I remember fondly.  The crostini with speck and pumpkin butter was pretty nice, I don't know about $8-9 but it was pretty nice.  This lamb stew wasn't bad though it could have been a bigger serving while the fried quail was a great take on fried chicken with its succulent gaminess.  They should probably give you two of them and add a bit more spice to make it top-notch.  I still think higher end establishments should work on satiation for the fattie crew as well as quality for the foodie crew since it leaves fattie foodies like myself yearning for more.  They seem to have a rotating menu and the atmosphere was nicer at the old location but it was a pretty pleasant dining experience all the same.  For two people I dropped around $65 with the tip included for the crostini appetizer, two entrees, a cider cocktail, and a decent dessert which isn't bad all things considered.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2007,12/10/2007,71,113,5,8,6>I ventured in to K&Z's because it was shiny & new and I was hungry and in the neighborhood.  While I am cheap and tend to balk at spending anything over $8 on a sandwich, I would say it's money well spent at this deli.My review may be a little naive, as before stepping over the threshold at Kenny & Zuke's my knowledge of pastrami was limited to that it was some form of meat.  Beyond that I didn't have a clue.  To play it safe, I ordered a PLT (pastrami, lettuce, and tomato on rye) and the very friendly waiter brought it out in relatively record time.  At first glance I was horrified, dear readers.  I had on my plate between two slices of toasted rye what appeared to be thickly sliced corned beef and thousand island dressing, neither of which I can stand.  "Ohmygod, does pastrami = sliced corned beef???" I thought to myself.  But, I was game to at least give it a try.  To my happy surprise, it tasted nothing like corned beef and the stuff I thought was thousand island was actually Russian dressing, which tastes a lot like thousand island except I found it to be on the spicier side instead of sweet, and so thus acceptable to put in my stomach.Even better, they are one of the lamentably few places downtown to stay open past 10, so now I have a place to go for warm bagels this weekend while studying for finals.  Hurrah!
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2007,12/9/2007,18,167,6,1,5>Buy these cupcakes. Eat these cupcakes. Thank me later.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,2/4/2012,426,1757,12,20,17>The mountain finally came to Mohammed. Koi Fusion has been toying with me for years. You see, Mr. K's favorite cuisines are Korean and Mexican, so the flavor and style of this food is truly a fusion of his favorite things. First, I broke down and opened a twitter account just to find out where the mobile carts would be around town. Even then, tracking them down and driving to Portland just never seemed to work out (yep, I'm lame). Then, I contacted them and tried to schedule a personal cart visit at my office, but pesky facilities guidelines got in the way. Heck, they even catered a friend's wedding that I couldn't attend. Imagine my joy at hearing they would open up a permanent location in my area. And it was pretty much everything I have been hoping for after reading their Yelp reviews for years. I visited during opening week and ordered the burrito with Bulgolgi BBQ beef. And I wouldn't change a thing. You can choose to have it served mild, medium or spicy and I agree with their guidelines that spicy is about six or seven out of ten on the scale. Nice amount of bite. You can also pay just a little bit extra to add kimchi to your order.On my second visit, I reluctantly branched out. In order to try different meat options, I selected tacos. Three to four tacos = one burrito, so a nice serving size and a good way to sample their menu. Still, nothing beat the Bulgolgi BBQ beef. However, I haven't tried the Kalbi short ribs, so that will be next on my list.The menu is limited. The rice bowl is essentially a naked burrito. But, no complaints here. I tried the sweet potato fries and would skip it on future visits. Guess it is nice to have as an option, and it was a large portion good for sharing, but the seasonings didn't work for me.Even though the location is permanent, it is a kiosk, not a restaurant. So unfortunately it means you are waiting outside for your food. First visit, the wait seemed particularly long after ordering, but on the second and third visits it was much quicker. There is a frequent diner punch card, but it is a little bit hidden since it looks like a business card and is located at the pick up window, not at the point of sale on the other side of the kiosk.There is a nearby dining area shared by the kiosks that has space heaters during the colder months, but still, not ideal. So this place is highly recommended, just bring a coat, gloves, hat, etc. I don't mind suffering (a little) for Korean goodness.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,2/3/2012,532,371,8,12,14>Sometimes...I don't want just the greatest hits or some best of playlist.I want to listen to "Reckoner" as part of "In Rainbows"                      or "No Surprises" as part of "O.K. Computer"I want to savor Shostakovich's "String Quartet No. 8" in it's entirety,                     not just the brilliant "Allegro Molto."Sometimes...I don't want just a country's most famous dishes.I want to consume just the food and wine of a particular region.I want dishes that aren't just executed well, but work well together.And that's why I loved our Lyonnaise dinner at St. Jack, why I chose it as my order-whatever-I-wanted birthday meal.     Pommes Frites       Rustic Pork Terrine with Pistachio         Pork Rillette           Saucisson Sec             Cervelle De Canut               Cowgirl Creamery Red Hawk Cheese                 Gratins d' Escargots                   Fisherman's Stew                    Special Pork Shank                      Vacherin Aux Fraises                         Mascapone Mousse                            MadelinesThe rusticness of it all. The beautiful Saucisson. The pickled fruit and veggies. The hints of mustard. The crusty baguette that you have to pull apart with your hands. The perfect scallop in the stew. The melty meat on the must order Pork Shank. The mind blowing Vacherin. The simply sublime Madelines. I loved it all.I can't wait to return for Roasted Bone Marrow, Frog Legs, Fried Tripe, Whole Roasted Trout, Mushroom and Asparagus Tarte, Blood Sausage, Onglet Steak Frites, and Gratin de Macaroni. Few menus truly excite me, but "yes" I basically want to try St. Jack's in its entirety.While not necessary, I found that reading up on Lyon and taking a cursory glance at a few articles about St. Jacks definitely added to the experience, as did sipping a glass of Seven of Hearts Pinot Noir (Not a Lyonnaise wine, but I couldn't pass up a glass pour of one of my favorite French style NW wine producers).So sure there's plenty of Best of Some Country type restaurants out there, but if you're the type that likes more than just what's popular, what's mainstream, that salivates at the mere mention of "Roasted Bone Marrow," and craves some regional specificity St. Jack is a food adventure well worth taking.for larger images and article links visit pdxploration.com/2011/07
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,2/2/2012,141,355,13,16,14>I was never any good at gambling, blackjack sounded like fun... but I lost my money. Craps seemed like a good time and when I was younger I loved to speak of it because I felt like I was getting away with saying a bad word. Roulette however was always a safe bet. At the very worst you are a little less than 50/50 for winning. And when it comes to gambling, that is hardly a gamble at all. Cafe's are quite the same, you always walk into one hoping that it will be good. However, like roulette some are bad, and you rarely find those cafe's that are a "meh". But as it should come to you as no surprise, the visual aspects of a cafe contribute nothing to how the food comes out. Grease? Lets throw some more in there! Fat hairy guy? Fine by me. So when you remove the clutter and add in a few older Russian women it is anyone's game as to how the food will taste.Natalia's Cafe, located on a quiet corner of a sleepy town is something that you could easily stroll by without ever even noticing.   Traipsing through Camas, and hungry, however, the cafe becomes a beacon of brunch-light.  The fortunate combination of eastern facing windows and the early afternoon closing time of 2.30 ensures the cafe will always be filled with the sun's warm glow.  A lunch counter separates the open kitchen from the booths and tables adjacent to the large windows.  Taking a seat, you may or may not (with an emphasis on may) be treated to the delightful subtle sounds of some Russian conversations in the background. Not to be troubled however as the incredibly polite staff ensures that your order is taken and made for you as if you were stopping in for breakfast at your mother's home. By the time the food quickly arrived at our table I was gleefully ready to enjoy my biscuits and gravy. Another roulette experience, will it be too thick? Too runny? Too much meat... well you can never have too much meat in biscuits and gravy. Yet they seemed to have found the perfect combination. The menu describes it as "my very own gravy recipe" and I can truthfully say that I haven't experienced anything like it before. Then we come to the bacon, I mentioned during the meal that bacon at home always seems to disappoint. It can never be cooked right, and even if by some force of God you were able to get it to that perfect stage, it would still be plagued by 50% fat and being thin as paper.  I will never in my life be able to understand how they get theirs so perfect.  Some restaurants instantly make you feel uneasy and nervous.  Taking a gamble on staying will leave you frustrated when you walk away.  And yet sometimes, as such with the game of roulette, you walk in boasting of confidence, and perhaps walk away a little richer. Natalia's just might do that to you.
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2011,2/1/2012,126,2155,12,14,14>It's a little known fact that soccer has been played in whatever version of what is now called Jeld-Wen Field since 1926. To say Portland has a long standing history of playing The Beautiful Game would be to put it lightly.There's plenty of articles online about the history of the venue, but its newest incarnation is something to behold. It's a hat tip to both years past and to come.Converting a stadium mostly designed for Baseball into a dedicated soccer stadium is hell of a task. And as last year's season came to a close work began swiftly on the renovations. Scoreboards were removed, stands were removed, dugouts were removed, an entirely new section with a restaurant, club, larger team-shop and more were built in their place. Following the construction at what was then PGE Park became a weekly ritual as the Timbers made sure to post countless photos of the changes as time went on. If you couldn't wait for a photo update, a webcam rolled 24/7 to satiate the anxious. The end result is absolutely gorgeous. It feels like a new stadium and it definitely feels more European than any MLS stadium I've been to thus far. A large part of that may have to do with what the nation will soon know (if they don't already) to be the best supporters group in the US. The Timbers Army, causing a flag waving ruckus at every game (even when the Timbers were a USL D2 team) electrify the atmosphere and motivate play on the field. Combine that with a 22,000 seat, close-in and intimate venue and you've got the formula for some of the best home field (perhaps, "home pitch") advantage in the league.The face lift has worked wonders for a venue that has stood through years of abuse, rain and excitement.Now if they could only get some cell phone reception in there, (and maybe bring the $8.50 beer prices down) I'd be fully in love. How are we supposed to aggravate our soccer hating friends with Facebook updates of photos and "GOOOOOOOOOAAAAALLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!" style messages when my phone says "Searching..." all night?Or course the answer is, "When you get home," but on the fly is so much better.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,1/31/2012,52,136,5,9,9>I really didn't think it could be THAT good.Italian food always seemed so easy for being so pricey at times, just throw some pasta, tomatoes, and basil together right? It may be that simple, but it was freaking delicious. You know the scene from Eat Pray Love where Julia Roberts slurps the spaghetti in Italy? That is how I felt trying the spaghetti here, I wanted to eat like no one was watching, i wanted to pick up the plate and lick off the sauce.  The ingredients were fresh, everything was seasoned perfectly.  The waitstaff was mellow and attentive without begin pushy- I had a long lunch with a few girlfriends and were never once rushed to leave.  Piazza Italia may seem like a fancy joint by the location, but once you go inside it is a family place at heart.  If you go at the right time you can see the staff enjoying their meal together while watching fútbol on the screens.What really put this place into the 5 star category for me was the coffee dessert drinks.  It truly completes the meal, from the chocolately but not overly sweet eros to the rich and delicious affogato- try either one of these, and you can thank me later.This place was so great  I didn't hesitate to come back again the weekend after.  My advice, go here for a late lunch on the weekend and you won't have trouble getting a table.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,1/30/2012,434,336,8,23,16>I was so happy to find that my Nurse Practitioner who I have been seeing for the last 19 years is part owner of this new clinic! Patty Brandon FNP WHCNP is fantastic! She specializes in women's health, but she is also a Family Nurse Practitioner. She truly listens, and cares. She takes her time, which is so rare in this day and age. My physicals are normally scheduled for at least a full hour. She is very thorough, and easy to talk to. There is nothing you could tell her that would make her blink an eye (I have tried, believe me). I have sent several friends to her when their physicians couldn't solve their medical issues. She has vast experience, but will not hesitate to refer you to a specialist when she feels something is out of her scope. In a nutshell, I love her.I found it easy to schedule my appointment. The front desk, and medical assistant were very nice, and helpful with insurance questions. This clinic has a range of specialties, from primary care, naturopathic medicine, massage therapy, acupuncture, and chiropractic. I'm impressed. It's a very easy location to find. I found plenty of on street parking even though it's in the Pearl.Seriously though, if you're in need of a good primary or women's health provider, I can't recommend Patty enough!
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,1/29/2012,196,280,9,12,9>What more is there to say about Tasty n Sons that hasn't already been covered in the last 400+ reviews?I guess if you should ask the following questions I would respond with a HY every time:You: Bacon wrapped dates. Tasty?Me: Hell yes!You: Burger. Tasty?Me: Hell yes!You: Chicken Strips. Tasty?Me: Hell yes!You: Wine. Tasty?Me: Hell yes!You: Service. Tasty?Me: Hell yes! Oh. Wait. Sh... Ah, why not? Hell yes!TnS has a HH but it's only from 2:30-5pm so I have yet to check it out. The ambiance is laid back, romantic, calm, etc. It's a great place for date night. Love it when all the windows & doors are opened up during the summer as well. It's just a lovely atmosphere to be in while enjoying a late dinner.I loved TnS. You will, too.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,1/28/2012,109,677,10,17,11>Sweet Cheesus, I love this cart.  Tucked behind the Pine Tree Minimart at 17th and Tacoma in Sellwood, you might miss it if you aren't looking for it.  But if you're cruising and pass it (Bertie Lou's is on the opposite side of the street), turn around immediately and go see this guy.  He's got chowder, chili, Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, and grilled cheeses all the time, plus daily and weekly specials.  I've had many of the soups, including a show-stopper today, the mushroom/barley, plus the chili, a carrot/dill, and a couple of others.  They're all excellent, plus chili comes with cornbread.  Awhile back, he was running an eggplant parm sub special.  Holy.  Hell.  I got two of them, they were so good.  And enormous.  I shoved that in my face for lunch, dinner, breakfast, and another lunch.  A full-size sub is easily two meals or one gut-stuffer if you're really hungry.  You can build your own grilled cheese or for more fun, he makes Killah specials, like Pepperoni, Provolone, Pesto & Salami on Sourdough, Peanut Butter, Bacon, White Cheddar, Banana, The food is great and the prices are more than decent for the high quality.  A bigger sandwich can run about $8, but you can also get a grilled cheese and soup for $5, or a classic GC for $3.  Don't forget to get a punch card if you stop in... I promise you'll fill it up within a couple of weeks.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2011,1/27/2012,574,765,10,22,20>Pick a guisado (cooked dishes/stews/stir fries) off the menu on the blackboard and choose to add it to make a taco, burrito, or a quesadilla from the ingredients. I had the Huevo en Salsa de Jitomate (scrambled egg/tomato, onion, serrano sauce) and a Rajas con crema (roasted poblano chile/sauted onion in a sour cream/cheese sauce) in 2 taco creations.  They have your normal salsa bar that had about 5 different fresh sauces. The tortillas are freshly made. You can smell them when you walk in the door. Toasty.We also got the guacamole/chips. This type of guacamole is all about the buttery tasting avocado. It does not have any other ingredient. Of course the chips are homemade on the spot.It's a casual atmosphere and has about 15 tables all together I would say. The folks working there are very eager to help you out, from trying to figure out the menu, to making sure the food you got was A OK.  The prices were very reasonable.They are only on the soft opening right now so the menu is limited. I did find a menu online though and it looks very intriguing and one of the most unusual ones yet for this type of food. The influence is of Mexico City flavor.I had an incredible, never heard of cocktail that was a punch with tequila. I cannot remember the other ingredients but plan on finding out next visit.  Got a little overwhelmed as there were so many different things I have never had. They even have a homemade horchata cocktail!
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,1/26/2012,95,384,4,19,10>Aha, finally!! Taste of Sichuan is pretty damn good. Food is prepared the way I am used to (i.e., sauce is not made with primarily ketchup...ahem Royal Panda...) and they know how to season the food Szechuan-style. That means hot, btw.We tried to go on Saturday night around 7pm and there were at least 30 people waiting for a table. I think we were the only non-Asians there. This means it's gotta be good, right?  I was excited since every other Chinese restaurant I've gone to in the PDX area caters to the Caucasian palate. However,  I had the same experience Janet M. described - mayhem in the lobby, no one making eye contact, no one to even take our name down. I waited a while, fought my way to the counter, and waited some more, before I asked a woman behind the counter if we could put our name down. She looked flustered, and grabbed an order pad and wrote my name at the top. Um...where is the list for the other 30 people? She said the wait was 30-45 minutes - my son was beyond hungry, so we left. Tried again the next night, much earlier in the evening. We were seated right away, and while service was still pretty spotty, we had a good meal.We had our usuals to kick off our visit:Mongolian beef was tasty - lots of ground up chili peppers could be seen here. Unfortunately, you could also see how much oil they used. It was a lot. Orange chicken - yes! This was really good (if you like fried food dunked in a sweet sauce). A bit too sweet for me, but hubby and kiddo liked it. Crispy Noodles were good; kiddo liked the sauce. They used thicker chow mein noodles instead of the thinner ones I prefer. Lots of sauce in this one, maybe a bit too much? It sogged the noodles up too fast. Dry Cooked Green beans were good but were lacking a bit of salt. The beef was not trimmed as well as it could have been - I found lots of gristle, which is unfortunate. They have a wide menu, including their "Wild Side" which is really just the less common cuts of meat, maybe spicier sauces, and is probably what you'd find on the Chinese-only menus in other Chinese restaurants. Stuff that would scare most Caucasians. They look tasty, so we'll give some items a try.This place is good. Clearly the Chinese population out in Beaverton thinks so too, as evidenced by the crowds. They do have some process issues to work out - crowd control, a lack of chairs, and dishes coming out at different times. But the food is good, and damn it for being way the heck out in deep Beaverton!
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,7/4/2013,123,492,3,22,18>The greatest and most compassionate service we have received so far from Mt. Tabor has been in their care of our sweet, gentle, very elderly dog, Tinker, whom we adopted in November of 2012.  We knew her days were numbered when we adopted her from the shelter, and we adopted her without hesitation despite this knowledge.  But we were surprised when the end came so quickly.  From the beginning, she was on a cocktail of anti-inflammatory drugs and pain medicine.  Mt. Tabor worked with us regarding where we chose to get the prescriptions filled, and they provided us a written prescription that we could fill affordably.  This was a simple transaction, which we greatly appreciated.After an unexpected evening at an ER clinic, we followed up with Mt. Tabor only to learn that what we suspected - cancer run amuck - was indeed what was happening with our sweet girl.  We chose to end her suffering after having had her for such a very short time, but we did not feel rushed to decide.  Neither Bud nor I hesitate about making these important decisions.  We both believe that ending suffering is a gift that we can give to our animals.  We chose to spend some time alone with her.  To fill her up with bowls of canned cheese product and to love on her and scritch her ears and cheeks.  And then we chose to let her go. We had never experienced this in a non-emergency vet clinic.  It was oddly beautiful.  Those in the room with us were part of her transition and not simply performing a necessary procedure before moving on to the next appointment.  It was our time.  Her time.  And it was peaceful.  We feel more connected to this clinic now than ever before.  We have certainly advocated to friends and anyone who would listen that they provide great services.  But what they did for Tinker, we will never forget the compassion and the caring and the tears and the humane ending that we were able to provide to her.  That is more than a treatment option listed on a price sheet, more than a service rendered.  The memory we have of Tinker in this moment is treasured.
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/3/2013,236,543,12,13,15>Veganism is a religion. There I said it. I am not vegan, but I am a vegan sympathizer. I can cook it and I've loved vegans. I even count as friends raw foodists, which is the ultimate expression of the religion, true believers.The religious vectors of veganism are ethics and guilt. Meat is built today on a massive pyramid of grain farming. And worse, farm animals fart, contributing 20-50% of greenhouse gasses, which will surely doom us. Their poop and the processing wastage is a pollutant if not captured as fertilizer. We won't even talk about pink slime or mad cow. Anyone who has been around farm animals knows that most are lovable but not too bright. Nonetheless, of course, those semi-sentient farm animals are killed to death.Meanwhile it is oh so hard to be a good vegan. Honey, leather, wool, silk, soap, cosmetics and animal-tested products are all temptations. What about animals and insects killed in harvesting crops? It is original sin all over again. Personally, I am a true believer in ethics in consumption, not so much, guilt. Fortunately we have churches of veganism like Portobello. Here you can worship at a pretty tasty altar of veganism. Maybe even atone for your vegan sins. It's filled by cheerful people and cheerful staff. The food is really great and moderately priced. The presentation is excellent. Reused wood decor, check. The hot-cold asparagus-mushroom soup was a cold purée of grilled asparagus centered by a dollop of lightly cooked, warmed shaved asparagus and wild mushrooms with a slight saltiness. The soup retained the slight carbonized grill flavor with naturally sweet vegetable flavors as the warm bits provided a lovable contrasting salty crunch. The butternut squash-kale ravioli with arugula pesto had a naturally sweet filling contrasting with a slightly salty al'dente pasta, braced with a slightly bitter pesto including some crunchy nuts.The rhubarb-strawberry tart was built on a flaky shell, a very thin but perfectly tart filling, topped with a tasty vanilla bean "icecream". Pretty great considering pastry flakiness is usually built on butter diced into pea-sized bits. Their menu can change daily, they keep it updated on the interwebs. At this time, no espresso machine to make a nice bitter contrast to the deserts, but that is a nit. I am not damning with faint praise here. Portobello is pure genius. Great dishes, built of great ingredients, with a great customer experience, and at a very reasonable price for the quality and creativity.  Supermodels and Buddhist film stars pay three to four times the price for less in LA and NY. So what.Portobello a perfect place for a date or date night, it's good for parentals and even for grandparental generations who seek light healthy foodstuffs. They have a few outdoor tables, when it is not precipitating, which are well separated from the roadway.I'm not religious in the conventional sense. But I'm A-OK with veganism as a religion, and even it being the world's largest religion someday would be cool. Hey veganism is the religion of several countries and is adhered to by the Thai royal family. So we have a start.Until then, I would not hesitate to recommend Portobello to just about anyone seeking a fine meal.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,7/2/2013,376,599,13,20,12>Here's the review I would have liked to have read before I embarked on a visit to the Customer Service Center for the city's Parks and Recreation office --If you decide to get married at one of the city of Portland's parks, you have to wait in line on the first business day of the year you wish to be wed. You could attempt to secure your wedding site via telephone, but the Customer Service Center gives top priority to in-person customers and the city of Portland has a very finite number of days that really work for hosting outdoor events. You do the math. Now reread the first statement. The Portland Parks and Recreation Customer Service Center is in the lobby of the Portland Building. There is a small hallway between the entrance and the actual parks office where customers can queue, but given how cheap the rates are to rent a park spot, there will be many customers. So unless you're one of those deranged types who can wake up and get yourself in line by five in the morning, you will probably be waiting outside the building for the bulk of the time.Did I mention you'll likely be lining up outdoors? And the first business day of any year is usually in January? Yup, it's cold. You won't feel your toes after a while. And you might be burly and lumberjack-like in your constitution, but for a wait that long, plan to dress as if you're going on a winter hike. The employees at the Customer Service Center know how it is. They've witnessed the same thing at the start of every year. Perhaps because of that fact or independent from that fact, the employees are very nice. The head of the center came out to greet the outside queue-ers with a carafe of free coffee and pleasant assurances that the people in line would probably advance to inside the building no later than 9:30. Of course, at the time it was closer to 7:30 and even complimentary caffeine didn't completely dissolve the frostbite gathering around my digits. But the department really does try to exemplify the customer service mentioned in its title, despite being a government entity and red tape and processing fees and all that bureaucratic brouhaha. Basically, don't be a brat. Everyone there knows it's cold, and everyone is trying their best to get your money and your name reserved to a site as quickly as they can. And once you get into the building, it's heated and feels like fricking Tahiti after a long slog through the Arctic Sea! And once you finally make your way into the office, you're helped by a flesh and bones person who patiently takes all your information and answers your questions in a prompt manner! The actual transaction takes maybe 10 minutes at most! Of course it would make more sense for someone with the parks department to assign each party a number then call in the numbers. But I would imagine that even if the Customer Service Center went with that procedure, it would be a lot like the DMV and no one could really venture that far, anyway. Let's revisit the numbers. Wedding planning is infuriating. Basically, if you attach that weighty "W" word to any of your items when you decide to get hitched, you're going to pay more, sometimes a lot more than you might for a different kind of event. As soon as you mention your intended nuptials, even the dustiest and tackiest of ballrooms raise up their rates as if they receive only celebrities and trust fund children as their clientele. Even if you have the budget, it's painful to fork over so much money for a space you'll only need for a handful of hours. The reason why it's worth the two-hour wait at the Portland Parks Customer Service Center is because the wedding sites run as low as $160.00. That's a number any budget-conscious couple can get behind. Of course, there's an application and processing fee of $80 on top of that. It's still the government, after all.Kimberly V, your hair looks terrific. Remember, this is the review I would have liked to read beforehand.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,7/1/2013,113,92,6,9,7>The best 2 things about the HH are:1) 24 taps of constantly rotating, usually Northwest smaller breweries.  They recently added a nitro tap and have put some interesting stuff on nitro.  Great beers and there is always something new to try.  THey also now have some decent cocktails.2) To say they are within walking distance of my house might be an over-statement.  I could probably belly crawl there (or more than likely home) if I had to.The front of the house staff is great.  They know us by name (see #2 above) and always treat us right.  Where HH seems to have trouble is keeping cook staff and the consistency of their food shows that.  I have had great burgers and entrees there but then cooks changed and it got worse, then better, then worse, you get the idea.If you are a beer hound, stop by and enjoy..
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,6/30/2013,200,109,4,6,6>I'm going to agree with Sherry and say "Smoked steelhead eggs benedict!" Om nom nom. I love steelhead and I love benedict, making this my go-to breakfast of choice. Their biscuits are ever-so-slightly sweet, ever-so-slightly lemony, and ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS. You can even order a basket of them on the side - normally, biscuits are mediocre. Not theirs. If you're not a biscuit person, give them a try, and I can guarantee a 90% biscuit-lover conversion rate.Famously garnished bloody marys and fantastically fizzy mimosas provide the perfect accoutrement to breakfast or brunch at the Cat. You can also get tasty things like fried chicken (in Portland! I know! it's a revelation!) and yummy biscuits and gravy. If you don't want taters on the side, you can have greens or fruit or whatever you like, since the servers and the kitchen are all flexible and accommodating and friendly as all get out.If you're in the 'hood, this is a great place for a lazy weekend morning. Next up, I plan to try dinner here.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,6/29/2013,207,465,13,10,9>Thanks, Smokehouse 21, for making me want to stab my boyfriend's hand with a fork. No lies, fork in hand, stab hand to table. Why? Lemme tell you why. We came to Smokehouse because I love BBQ. Specifically pulled pork. So we were seated & immediately told they had ONE serving on pulled pork left. Immediately my boyfriend ordered the pulled pork sandwich - INSERT FORK IN HAND. So I was left with the beef brisket, which honestly I've yet to indulge in. I tacked on a bacon molasses cornbread because I loved good, delish cornbread that so far doesn't exist in PDX. So the cornbread comes out and it's...so bloody good. It's literally a cornbread muffin with bacon and butter/molasses in it. Never don't consider ordering it - because that would a gigantic human error. ERROR. Then the entrees came out. I resisted the HAND STABBING FORK feeling of taking the pulled pork and settled into my own beef brisket. Apparently it's not appropriate to smother meat in BBQ sauce (so I've read on sites) but I'm not a smotherer- I'm a souper. I turn sandwiches into  "can only be eaten with a knife and fork" because I love BBQ sauce. Thankfully Smokehouse leaves their delish sauces on the table. I didn't go overboard this time - and really loved the brisket. Moist, tender and complimented well by the Ken's Artisan roll. I ate it all, and only vaguely regretted the large mount of food in my stomach after. Also -  the sides were also to par. Mac & Cheese - don't mess that up with me, I will review-knife you for that - and SM21 delivered there too! I was able to nab a bit of the pulled pork - pulled perfection. I'll be quicker on the uptake next time. Beers - in cans. Actually reasonably priced considering they're not just the 12 ouncers. Thanks, Smokehouse, for being tasty BBQ back to PDX!
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,6/28/2013,98,185,4,6,3>I write this review in pain...but it is not their fault...ha!I started to have some tooth issues in February but ignored them...then it got to a point where I had migraines like crazy. Did not know anyone to recommend a dentist out here in the burbs ...so I went to my insurance website and found a few super close to my house. I then went to each website and I liked the way The Dentists at Orenco Station looked. I loved that I could make an appointment online. HUGE PLUS for me who is super social in person but frankly hates talking on the phone unless it is for work....then for some reason...I love it. Strange but true.Anyway...I got an email back and they set the appointment. YIPPY! I started to have MORE problems so I called up and asked if they had any time sooner and they did. Becki (who is the best front desk person EVER) got me an appointment within a day. My first appointment was to check everything out and establish care...I am not a fan of the dentist at all..I have had some super bad experiences so I went in rather scared and just wanting to get stuff over and done with. Becki and another front desk girl (I forget her name...sorry!) helped me with the insurance paperwork (I was confused because I am now a stay at home mom and on B's insurance)After I was done with that..they quickly got me in. Cassi is the dental assistant I have worked with twice now and on this first appointment she was friendly and personable. After she was done getting the initial stuff done, I met the head cheese, Brandon. He was very friendly and wonderful at explaining everything. When I left, I was given a print out of what all the treatments I would need will cost me. This...was the big prize for me. I have NEVER received that before and it made me feel so secure and gave me the ability to plan what I needed and what would take priority. Second visit was yesterday....root canal. UGH!!! (Today I am SO SORE!!...but I think that is just the nature of the root canal beast...I have had 3 prior to this one) I was dreading it but Becki was a joy as usual...I straight up told her that I did not want to be there but she said "Well...we are happy to have you here!" and I thought....wow...that is nice. Even though of course it is nice to have customers, The Dentists at Orenco Station work hard to make you feel safe, secure and in control of your care. Becki answered all my questions about care with and without insurance (for my family....some of us have insurance and others do not) ...prices are simple and like I said, everything is presented to you up front. What more could you ask for?? They offer all sorts of things to make you feel more comfortable with pain...I just stuck with the traditional shots in the mouth. They have dark glasses and massage chairs (ooo!) ...nice touches. I have a deep cleaning scheduled already and will continue to go back there for as long as they will have me.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,6/27/2013,45,259,6,6,8>Best coffee cake in the Universe.Bold words.  Damn bold.But I'm willing to say it loud and proud and challenge you to show me better.I'm on a pretty strict Paleo kick right now (no wheat or grains of any kind), but when I jump off this wagon for a break, I'm racing into Jim & Patty's for a delicious chunk of their Princess Coconut Coffee Cake.Damn...just thinking about it is making my mouth water. I might be jumping off the wagon for that break sooner than anticipated.Jim & Patty's has, any given day, a very large selection of coffee cakes and other delectables to choose from.  If you are wanting something heavier or meatier than just coffee cake, another very awesome selection here is the "Freight Train" biscuits and gravy. Get it. Get it now.
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,6/26/2013,188,386,8,20,17>Go get one of these. Seriously. Don't ask questions, just go. And get it.What? You need more info? FINE.Do you drink? Liquor?Do you like to support local businesses?Do you geek out on how things are made?Do you have "discerning tastes?"Do you love a great deal?If you've answered 3 out of 5 of these "YES," well, you are in for a treat. I'm 4 for 5.For $20, available either online (via PayPal) or at the distillery locations, you get these cool passports that allot you tastings at SEVEN local distilleries along the "Row." Usually they charge $5 per tasting, so quick math tells you that you may have already won. But that's not all! Your passport is good for the whole year! You don't have to go all at once! In fact, you probably shouldn't. After the 3rd distillery, you'll know what I mean. You can go whenever works best for you.Your best bet is probably to break it up into two days: the 4 Hawthorne area distilleries in one, and the 3 Powell area distilleries in another. Our group did the first half this weekend and will be visiting the second half super soon.The tasting rooms are pretty cozy, so if you do have a big group (say, 10 or more), I'd suggest contacting the Passport people directly. They are great and will get you all set up and make sure all of the places will be open and prepared for you when you want to go.Many of the places make their products right there, so you get to see how it's made and talk to the lovely people who make it. And you'll often get to try new products that haven't yet made it to the bars. Ooh, la la.You also get a bunch of coupons for other local businesses. Like, for example, Pacific Pie Co., which makes for an excellent place to soak up all those tastings. But that's another review.So in summary: How much awesome can you pack into one purchase? You'll find out soon enough.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,6/25/2013,90,158,3,4,3>Old School punk bar at it's finest.  The night we came in, they had live music.  Good crowd, LOUD.  Kitchy old bar decor.  We came to wake a family member who's favorite bar was this one.  Very fitting send off for him.  There was plenty of room for us to sit as we came in at the tail end of happy hour. They did kick us out of our tables when the band set up.  They clear off the top section of everything to put the band up.  Then all the tables go away in the section of the bar nearest the "stage".  The bouncer was nice and gave us a 30 minute warning so we could finish up our food and move.Stiff drinks doesn't even touch it!  Think 5/6 gin, 1/6 tonic.  Burger was good, tots were good.  House sauce is of course, thousand island.  Plenty of it.  Good old flat top greasy burger.  I would come eat here again!  No cocktail waitress, get up and order your own drink.  It did get quite crowded when the folks there to see the band started filing up to the bar to order.  Would have been nice if they had more than one bar tender at that point.  Overall, nice people, friendly service.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,9/16/2012,248,813,10,10,10>(UPDATE: Sadie has moved her cart to NE Alberta St., near 13th Ave.! Hours are a bit up in the air right now, check her FB page for the latest! facebook.com/PinkNBlackW)Pink & Black Waffle Shack is located on SW Washington St., in between SW 9th and 10th Ave., in downtown Portland, Oregon. Sadie opened this cart at the end of April.Compared to the other carts right next to it, you could miss Pink & Black Waffle Shack if your eyes wander at the wrong time. Yes, that happened to me. Maybe that was another reason for the hot pink?Probably somewhere around eight or nine regular menu options, perfectly fine for a food cart. A few sweet waffle choices, a couple of savory ones, and even a build-your-own waffle option. You can just take a regular waffle as is for $3.That Shack Shaker ($6.50; basically a pulled pork sandwich with waffles representing the buns) was sold out this time. Not to worry, there will be other days. I find it exciting to see items sold out. It spawns a quest to see if you'll be able to get it next time (see Big Egg's breakfast wrap as a prime example).I went with the "Monkey Biz" ($4.50) on this visit, and added bacon for an extra $1.25. Bacon makes everything better. A golden-brown waffle gets topped with salted caramel, banana sauce, whipped cream, and granola. You can also get fresh sliced bananas if she has them on hand.Bacon is the MVP again. The waffle was soft and inviting, perhaps a bit sweet just on its own. The banana sauce has that pureed appearance. I really liked the granola's crunchy contrasting texture here. A lot of sweet happening on this one. Meat crack is my friend for life. Mmm...salty-savory bacon.I really should get to building that bacon shrine, but I don't really have much free time these days. I do worship the pig, though.I tried two of her syrups. The red option uses cinnamon redhots candy and instantly gives you that pleasing redhot jolt. The other, more traditional-looking one is a maple-banana syrup. Brilliant!If you want additional toppings, Sadie has a short list on the menu, usually consisting of fruit, Nutella, almond butter, whipped cream, and more. Each item will add either 50 cents or a dollar to your total.For now, Sadie plans to be open Fri-Mon from about 11 a.m. until she runs out of food. It's a fairly major deviation from the other carts that may be open Tue-Sat or Mon-Fri. It also could mean good business, right?It's something about pink and black that just work well together. Heck, hall-of-fame pro wrestler Bret Hart wore those colors in the ring. "The Excellence of Execution." Seems fitting! Can't wait to try the other menu items, especially that Shack Shaker!
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,9/15/2012,145,218,9,11,8>Why there isn't a brunch line here yet is way beyond me.  If the quality of Stumptown Coffee colliding with a quality brunch menu doesn't deserve a two hour wait, I really want to know some of the other brunch spots in town are sprinkling in their rosemary soaked "gravy" on what they wish was a biscuit, served the size of your head with a whole serving of shitty attitude.  Go ahead...I'll wait.After passing a few lines that warranted stopping by Burgerville for a pre-game snack, I suddenly thought of The Woodsman.  I have peeked in the window a few times when they were closed, and witnessed a steady stream of food porn on my Facebook feed from a few friends; I had to go.  There was a few tables full, but the place was cozy.  Nice rich wooden walls, rustic art, a ridiculously beautiful bathroom with peeling paint, tarnished brass, and a fading mirror really added to the atmosphere.  I can't wait to eat in the front window when it's dumping buckets of liquid sunshine.The staff all seemed to be on the same page, always helping each other out, but never mouthing a word to each other.  My coffee (a Stumptown French press offering) never reached halfway empty, my water glass was always full.  They were knowledgeable about the menu, and one of the more professional crews I have come into contact with, especially at 9 in the morning.My breakfast was so damn good.  The ham blew my mind, and the sauteed kale with the most perfectly poached eggs were the spotlight, and I only like runny eggs in an over meal, not by themselves.I just can't wait to go back, but if there is a wait when I do, I'm cutting in line.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,9/14/2012,22,198,6,10,8>You know its good when you find yourself scraping the last bits of gravy up, least I did. Open 5pm-11pm.First, I love Guinness Stout, so ordered the Echigo (Japanese) Stout. Sweet deep malted flavor, great aftertaste to it. (Highly recommend this to other stout lovers).The teriyaki barbecue pork belly buns (drooling as I remember this); seriously, nearly ordered a second it was that good. Pork belly melts in the mouth like butta!, folded bread was nice and in a great sauce.  Had the dry ramen chili. This is a spicy dish, really enjoyed it. Kimchi was delicious, not out of a can taste, (this is where I found myself scraping the last bits of gravy up :) ).It's a cool set up inside, ambient lighting, good 90s music, felt like a club with a section to sit and eat. My meal came up to $25, that was the stout, buns, bowl and dessert. It's not a cheap place but the food Is Good, worth the visit and sure I will be back!Oh, last note, there are a few gluten free items on the menu too.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2012,9/13/2012,86,292,3,5,5>Oh a Cena....when I heard you were going to offer a brunch, I was so excited I could hardly wait! This is, hands down, the best restaurant in Portland! The food and the ambiance of this place takes me to another time!I love Italian food, it's a favorite of mine, but when done right, it sends me over the edge...in a good way! When you first step into a Cena, you are taken to another world, somewhere over in Europe, perhaps a farm, or a little Bistro, and yet it's very romantic inside and cozy. The weathered wood and painted walls tell of another time gone by. A simple time, when people enjoyed sitting and chatting over wine with great food, when time was not hurried. Food that is simple, but with so much flavor! We've been for dinner before, and now we get to be spoiled with Brunch too! We came on the first day of their brunch offering....I don't know the Italian names of the food we had, but what we had, was the BEST ever brunch! This is not a hurried brunch, this is a place to relax and take your time and really enjoy the food you are eating. We started off with Bloody Marys and doughnuts. The Marys were very good, not thick, and served with artichokes and olives...oh my! The doughnuts, I think they are called "Bombollinies" in Italian, were the best ever! Served with a side of chocolate sauce, berry compote and creme fraiche, I was in heaven! As I pulled them apart you could see the fluffy layers of pastry, and they tasted so fluffy and airy...I could have these everyday!!  The brunch menu has a little of everything to choose from, Egg dishes to pizzas and a few pasta dishes, as well as french toast. But today I wanted something different, so I choose this tomato dish with sausage, focaccia, and baked eggs on top. The tomatoes had a big burst of flavor, they must have slow roasted these for hours! the sausage had a nice kick to it too. So good, I ate all of it! My sweetie had the fried chicken with eggs. His chciken was moist and thin, done perfectly. The sauce on this was creamy, not heavy. We were very, very satisfied with a Cena's brunch, and being the first day of their new offering, they did very well. The service was on point, the food oh so good, and the overall experience left us very happy!  If you get the chance, go and try for yourself, you will fall in love with a Cena and all that they offer ;-)
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,9/12/2012,95,73,15,9,10>I loose my shiz every time I step into this place. I turn back into the 5 year old that tugs on his mother's blouse religiously until she gives way for me to have whatever I want. This place some how reminds me of my childhood. It reminds me that there is still good in the world. It reminds of a time when life was simple and getting ice cream could make a bad day turn into something spectacular.I love trying the samples of everything, although I don't always like the flavors. I'm a guy with a simple palette. My favorite is the Banana with Spicy Monkey Caramel and Walnuts. My mouth just watered as I typed that out. The freshness of the bananas, the small burst of caramel and the crunchiness of the walnuts cause total chaos in my mouth. Salt and Straw will you marry me!The staff is also way too pleasant. They're the Kebbler Elves of ice cream.Okay, this is going to sound a little odd, but I love the bathroom in this place as well. It's got a retro vibe with really cool wall paper covering the walls. I could sit in there and eat my ice cream and not be bothered. I really recommend this place for a sweet treat.
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,9/11/2012,87,106,17,16,14>Oh the life of someone who owns her own washer and dryer must be dull and boring. I mean, I spend about one evening every two weeks at the laundromat where I am witness to unruly children, people trying to rifle through the lost and found for free clothing, and most recently, some guy microwaving fish. Yeah, fish and fabric softener smell so great together. What do you do with your Friday nights huh? I go to Alpine because its well maintained, there's a nice flat screen TV with cable, computers with internet access, wi-fi, and the employees know how to usher the weirdoes out ASAP. This is one of the cleanest laundromats I've been to in Portland and its open 24 hours. Another place that is also open 24 hours: Javier's. Its right across the street, which means I can treat myself to a breakfast burrito for dinner (ham + eggs = love). Another thing I would like to mention for anybody debating over where to go in North Portland is that my clothes dry really well here. I pay a little extra to use the newer machines, but I think it also has something to do with how regularly they clean the lint filters. I appreciate how they keep an employee on duty most of the time and he's usually mopping the floors or making sure people aren't overloading/oversudsing machines. Besides the dude with the fish, the only other strange thing that has happened to me is that last time one of the employees gave me a Jehovah's Witness magazine, in Spanish. Okay then.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2012,9/10/2012,70,54,4,8,5>I was going to give this place 5 stars based on the movie watching experience alone, it was amazing in a full theater for a midnight showing. I had space in the living room (LR21) theater. I could put my feet up on the ottoman, stretch out. A wall behind me so that I don't feel or hear the person behind me breathing down my neck. Perfect. The sound was loud and they let the subwoofer rumble. The food was also good, stumptown coffee to boot. So what did they miss? Well, you can get your spot 3 hours before the movie, which means you need to be there about 3 hours early if you want to sit next to anyone you know. Unlike a normal theater you can't get in line together and walk in and grab a seat. GO EARLY.Next, the food service is extremely slow, and not efficient. My popcorn was sitting there for 15 minutes 3 feet away from me while the servers organize and run beers a hundred feet away throughout the rest of the theater. They need to work out some kinks.For the price not sure why I'd ever go back to Regal again.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2012,9/9/2012,252,87,2,9,8>A true "Urban Farmer" in the heart of Montavilla.  Mark, the Dahlia Guy, has created a beautiful botanical garden filled with these gorgeous flowers on a 5000sf lot in Portland proper.  He has an organic landscape and takes pride in his blooming beauties every year.  He offers classes to guide you in planting your springtime tubers and how to harvest them in the fall.  During the blooming season (July, August, September, October) Mark has fresh cut flowers for sale and they make an excellent (and very reasonably priced) gift for BBQs, bridal showers, your Mom ;), etc.  I have so many of these beauties already growing in my garden, but every year a tour through his flower rows during Dahlia Fest (in September) ends in more springtime tubers.  The only problem I have is coming up with more room to plant them - they are perennials and do really well in our climate.  You can feel good knowing that every dollar that you spend at this small local business goes back into the farmer's pocket!
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,9/8/2012,104,65,19,10,10>Oh, magical majesty of the French-Influenced Vietnamese sandwich arts! I know people are really trying to be big cheerleaders for SE Foster, but, sorry, Folks, it's still kind of a depressing paved trail of broken dreams. (Wow, that was a festival of commas- -but, Yelp, isn't the Grammar Police, so deal with it.) Yes, there are things on Foster that I like, but sometimes it's like sifting through the Goodwill bins. You're basically manhandling garbage to find the odd proverbial "diamond in the rough" (excuse the cliche term) that seemed to somehow elude all of the other dumpster divers' attention. Anyway, what was I talking about? Oh right, the most amazing bakery on this side of the MIssissippi River. For roughly 3 years my boyfriend has been telling me about these sandwiches and when he would describe them, I dismissed him as a non-discriminate food monger who would eat anything that sounded foreign and vaguely interesting. He'd say, "there's this great sandwich place........on Foster" and I'd make excuses, like, "No thanks, I'm not hungry" or "I have to take a shit." Finally though, after 3 years he tricked me into going here and now I feel like a giant dumbass for resisting with punitive ignorant determination.....but, to my credit, he knew that I was a total asshole when he started dating me. Anywho....This place is right next to Foster Burger and it's so precious and tiny that you nearly miss it (when you're driving as fast as you can to get the hell off Foster). Parking is not ample at An Xuyen, as it comprises about 3 parking spots, but this is Portland- -ride your damn bike, you hippy! :) Once inside, there's a festival of pleasant bakery smells. I don't know if they make all of their own delicious carb-tastic sweets, but who cares? This is America, and we like our sweets, Corn Syrup, TransFats and All. If this place had a drive-thru, it'd be even better. I'm kidding. I actually just trembled as I wrote that. It reminded me of the morbidly obese people who sweat while they eat, and in aniticipation of eating. *shudder*The sandwiches are little slices of heaven, if that's a thing- -and I'm assuming they're selling an assload of them because at a measely $2.75 a piece- -it'd be tough to keep this place in business if not for huge volumes. I wanted to hate it, but I love it. The end.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/7/2012,76,55,8,6,5>Soup is my religion and Ha VL is my deity. I'm not kidding. My most dogeared cookbook is The Soup Bible. And the place you're most likely to find me is a good 20 min car ride from my house, at Ha VL.My Sunday service is worshiping their spicy pho, and I revive my karma with their snail soup on Thursdays. I'm steadily showing up late to work and making excuses so that I can get my grubby mitts on every single bowl they make. Up next: crab flake on Monday, and chicken curry on Wednesday.I can't finish big bowls of soup like this, except for last Friday, when I mowed down the entire bowl of chicken pho that Ha recommended. (I also watched a dude walk into the plate glass window instead of through the door at 7-11 when I went to get cash -- make sure you've got it, they only take cards for more than $15).Pretty sure they have started a PDX soup cult, and I'm totally down to drink up whatever they put down. Amen.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/21/2012,10/27/2012,241,429,10,10,7>Thursday I'm standing in the lobby of my building and ask out loud: "Where am I going to lunch?"  The security guard was there but I wasn't specifically asking him.  He looks thoughtful and says "Portland Building".  Hell yes.  I keep forgetting to hit this place up.It's. Old. School.  Old fucking school, to be exact.  For one the decor hasn't been updated for, hell I wouldn't even venture a guess but it's been a while.Secondly, it's a throwback cafeteria place. Not to the extent of Jell-O under plastic wrap, but you get a tray, you walk through a horseshoe and they charge you at the end.  I like the new breed of office cafe as well (search for my review of the Farm House Cafe for an example) but there's something awesome about a well executed version of the old way.And this is well executed.  Your grill orders are delivered and I couldn't find any evidence of a "please bus your own tables" mentality.  They charge for refills which is what cost them that fourth star.  You only get to do that when you have a bum problem and I somehow doubt the Portland building is overrun with bums.  Not that the feebs at the door asking where you're going in a public government building are likely to do any good keeping them out.One huge drawback, you can only enter from the lobby, but you can only exit to the street.  If you need to go to the bathroom while in the cafe you're going all the way around.  Security requirements are stupid.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,10/26/2012,35,236,8,8,6>After ordering too much pizza after a long hike (the woman behind the counter tried to warn me, but I brushed her off and later bemoaned my pizza hubris), I ended up eating Juliano's for about 7 meals in a row. I can typically eat nearly all of a frozen or crappy fast food pizza, but I was thanksgiving stuffed after two of these slices. I ordered a make your own veggie. I loved the heap of chopped pineapple, and the sundried tomatoes were nicely re hydrated, not stringy and dry like some other places. My husband ordered a meat covered monster that looked like it had more pepperoni on one slice than some other whole pizzas. If you like some pepperoni, but you don't wan't to consume an entire bucket of pig and cow parts, order light on the toppings.Our order did take about 45 minutes, but they had a great beer selection, and lots of stuff to read on the walls and on the tables.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,10/25/2012,94,218,4,9,8>The defunct Cloud 7 is now owned but Andy Diaz, owner of Backbird Wine and Atomic Cheese on Fremont.A friend of mine and I went in a couple of weeks ago to check it out.  This place is ideally located right on Jamison Square and has a nice patio, perfect for people watching.  The interior leans more toward minimalistic than cozy, although there is a couch to lounge on.There seems to be an identity crisis as It is a combo, breakfast, coffee, smoothie, lunch wine and cheese spot but Superjet wears it well.  Kind of a one stop shop, if you will. I agree with a previous poster that it would be nice to have an option for a less expensive cheese plate.  I know that the new owner is still working some things out and will be making changes to accommodate the voice of the neighbors.  Once he discovers what people are wanting, he will adapt accordingly in his ever accommodating nature.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,10/24/2012,78,333,7,8,6>Two words: Gorgonzola fries.  Don't even think, just say the words, and wait for your plate of amazingness to arrive!  If you feel the need to be ultra-cheesy, their mac and cheese is also a definite winner.  Yes, I have had both at once. I ain't got no shame. Their happy hour food prices (and portions for those prices) are exceptional. They've got a crazy extensive list of beers on tap; I was a bit shocked the first time I went there.  It's busy, its loud, but it's one of the best happy hours in town.  Service is average. The only way it could be better were if there were corresponding drink specials at happy hour, and if you could get everything they had on tap upstairs (although I realize the logistics of this idea wouldn't really be possible).  But damn, those Gorgonzola fries will keep me trekking downtown from the westside time after time.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2012,10/23/2012,207,465,7,9,8>I can tote rate this and review this shiz like a boss. Why? I was at the original OMSI After Dark and can see how this event has evolved like mad. In English - OMSI After Dark has gotten better and better. The first time was a cluster-eff because OMSI didn't realize how badly Portland adults wanted to A) experience OMSI b) without child and C) with beer. The lines were epic, the alcohol lines were brutal and it was just chaos. Chaos. Like an hour for beer. Lesson learned. You can now buy your tickets online! They have multiple beer/wine tables (cash only!). They have beer and liquor samples, along with many other food vendors. Every other month or so, they have a different exhibit - which makes a large difference on your experience. My favorite was the vintage games exhibit in 2011 for example but in general it's all fun times. So....go. And now.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,10/22/2012,109,512,3,6,5>Most delicious Beignets I ever had. Had the freshly fried plain one, wonder soft on the inside and crispy on the outside goodness. Loved it.Had the Creme Brulee one too the filling was super vanilla flavor and tasty. I have less of a sweet tooth and prefer the plain one. Owner is very friendly and very knowledgeable about where Beignets come from and how they are carefully made to achieve this yeasty pillow of perfection. Cheap too if you didn't feel like waiting in long lines across the street for Voodoo, stop by for a freshly made one here instead.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,10/21/2012,126,2155,7,11,8>Aside from "Podnah's is Bomb", you should know that any review you read written in 2010 or before (and even some from 2011 it seems) are for the OLD location of Podnah's down on NE 15th. Perhaps the business listing should have been closed and reopened to sort those out. In any case, Podnah's since moved up onto NE 16th and Killingsworth into a much, much larger space with ample outdoor seating. The space used to be a weird kind of church. Good luck putting together where things were originally while waiting on your food.I was pretty middle-of-the-road impressed last time I came here, "here" being the old location. In the visits to the new restaurant I've become a loyal devotee. I absolutely love the meat, the sides, and the rotating taps. I don't love always finding myself leaving about $40-50 lighter, but hey, that's because I typically dine with another person and we can't leave without two mains, a Frito pie and at least two beers. Add a tip in there and you're getting close to those numbers. It's so worth it.Standouts are the pork and brisket sandwiches. I love these three very simple sandwiches. The pork goes perfectly with added slaw and their vinegar sauce. The shredded brisket really doesn't need sauce. The sliced brisket compliments the sauce provided on the table quite well. Then again it's not hard to eat all three of these sandwiches on their own. I don't feel like the meat here -needs- sauce, if you know what I mean.As for sides, haven't found one I don't like. I'm partial to the chili mac, potato salad and collard greens.Not really much else to say. I come here when I am ready to destroy BBQ and want something 10x better than Russel St. And when I leave I do so with a food coma that could bring down a horse.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,10/20/2012,109,677,8,16,12>If there was a question before of who is slingin' the absolute best baked goods on the west side, possibly in Portland, that question has an answer: Nuvrei.  These people are doing the Lord's work, I think.  I have sampled many of their offerings, and must admit they have the best croissants, cookies, and macarons I've ever had.  They also make some of the most soft, delicious bagels around.  They make them with a pretzel dough, so they are a little different than your average bagel, but holy hell they are good.  It's a small shop, always with a line, offering full service espresso and some full meals as well - sandwiches, salads.  Do yourself a favor and don't leave without a box of macarons to share with your best buds or coworkers.  Pick from a rainbow offered daily, and they put them in a neat little box worth saving.  They're around $2/each.  In conclusion: macaron, bagel, croissant.  The trifecta of goods to showcase a master baker's skills.  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2012,10/19/2012,426,1757,12,22,11>The name is really funny if you know West Linn. Just read our police blotter and you'll soon realize that this is a very tame 'burb. Mysterious whistling in a park and a son refusing to help his mother with the laundry have appeared in the past few months, I kid you not. The name is a nod to one of the owners, Chael Sonnen, UFC middleweight fighter. A local boy, gone big time, who continues to generate a lot of controversy. I am guessing this business is the equivalent of a former football player slapping his name on a car dealership, because day-to-day operations appear to be run by the other owner. Probably a very good thing. The space quickly transitioned earlier this year from a family friendly Pizza Schmizza to a more masculine, but still comfortable space, with fight magazines and glowing green lights. Unfortunately, the pizza is only OK and prices are on the high side. The other problem is that they only offer two sizes, 14" and 18". If you order by the slice, the serving also seems on the small side. As a plus, they do offer a 10" gluten free crust option.Their signature pies are almost all named after West Linn neighborhoods (Barrington Heights, Bolton, Robinwood, etc.) and are $23 or $27. If you compare this to Bellagios down the hill or Pizza Schmizza in Lake O, your pizza is about $3-4 more here. And I don't really like it as much as many of the offerings from their competition. The other two pizza places always have coupons available, or tiered pricing for large orders, which increases your savings. Would I order a bunch of pies here for a kids' party? No.I've eaten the cheese, pepperoni, Hidden Springs (BBQ Chicken) and Tanner Woods (Steak & Potatoes) pizzas. I haven't been overly impressed with either Signature Pizza, which was my hope. Based on their touting of fine ingredients, I was hoping this would be an artisan pizza option in town.My service has been at times awful and others great. My best experience, funnily enough, was using a Sharing Spree deal. On other occasions, they have left items off to-go orders (always a pain to discover that once you are at home) and been confused whether orders are for here or to go. I will say to their credit, that when I've brought these issues to their attention, the owner has done his best to fix it at the time of service.Whether it is fair or not, I miss the Pizza Schmizza that formerly occupied this space and so do my kids. Now when they crave pizza, it usually involves a road trip to Lake O.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,10/18/2012,162,144,11,10,7>I've got a crush on the Cricket Cafe. It's bad really. Not one of those starry-eyed 2 week kind of crushes, but one of those where you look at that person and think: "I want to stalk your Facebook profile - repeatedly."Yes friends, Cricket Cafe is like one of those kinds of epic crushes. Not only do they have excellent coffee and service, they have "Build your own Scrambles" - with the option of tofu instead of eggs, which I have a severe hankering for. I gets my grub on with a mixture of well-seasoned tofu, fresh spinach, tomatoes, and red pepper combined with pepper jack and pepper bacon (yeah bacon and tofu go well together - if you don't like that, then there's something wrong with YOU). I do the lo-carb scam, so I don't get the toast or hashbrowns, and I always seem to get a little extra of what really matters - the bacon.In addition to the great food, they have an extensive list of brunch drinks to get your buzz going. Flavored mimosas (I like the marionberry), Bloody Mary's of course, and my personal favorite - a party girl drink in the morning, the Morning Zombie. It's the best cure for a hangover.There's not much downside to the place other than a serious infestation of hipsters that always seem to be oh-so-smug, but that's a small price to pay for breakfast/brunch nirvana.  Stop by and check it out - you'll be glad you did. (PS, I am not really a FB stalker, but I do play one on the radio)
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,3/20/2013,121,1306,7,8,8>Pastrami will trump desserts any day (sorry, Pix). Welcome to the neighborhood, K&Z, I'm glad you're here. There are all kinds of meats sandwiched between house-made bread, even if pastrami isn't your thing [but it should be your thing]. It's pricier than your average sando because you're getting a quality that is second to none. You just can't find pastrami like that in many places, especially Portland. The chips leave little to be desired, but the sandwiches are the star of the show anyway. While I haven't had their brunch menu, I have eaten a bagel or two. So, so dense and chewy. So heavy on the garlic [the everything bagel]. I was in heaven. I think it's extra special that I can now have a craft cocktail with my meat, but there's something that makes me even happier about this location of K&Z. Coffee. They serve some of my favorite coffee [Ristretto] until close [midnight]. Sometimes I want to drink good coffee after 6pm, and now I can. A macchiato for post reuben bliss? I don't mind if I do.
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,3/19/2013,196,280,7,13,9>I love a good, old fashion wiener every now & again & Otto's is where I go to get one.Every single day of the week, rain or shine, Otto's fires up the grill & serves lunch to their customers. There's a choice of old fashion wiener ($2.75), smoked pork link ($3.75), chicken sausage ($3.75) or "special of the day". A condiment table, off to the side of the grill, includes ketchup, three kinds of mustard, relish, sauerkraut, & onions. If a bun-less dog or sausage is your preference then they'll knock $0.25 cents off each order. There are chips & beverages available for an additional price & so if you purchased an OFW you could easily walk away with a less than $5 lunch here.The deli section not only has wieners & sausages but also sandwich meats, pepperoni sticks, & homemade salads. There are two grill pack options for those wanting to hold a backyard BBQ or an event for a large amount of people. The prices range from $24 (3.5 lbs of sausage) to $26 (4 lbs of sausage) which is extremely reasonable for how much you get.Otto's has an online store! This is so convenient for those that don't have the luxury of living in PDX but still want the delicious smoked sausages Otto's make day in & day out. Either way you order your sausage it's going to taste awesome.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,3/18/2013,194,364,8,15,11>indian-curry-can-be-pretty-gooda-well-done-thai-curry-can-be-greatbut-japanese-curry-or-kale-note-the-soft-a-and-e-when-done-right-tops-them-all-whats-better-is-that-despite-a-couple-trips-to-japan-i-still-havent-had-a-bowl-that-beats-what-owner-makoto-has-dished-every-time-ive-visitedadmittedly-its-not-the-fanciest-meal-veggies-and-spices-beef-stewed-together-for-over-a-day-topped-with-cheese-egg-andor-spinach-served-over-or-next-to-perfectly-cooked-rice-only-2-minutes-or-less-to-get-your-food-its-faster-than-even-food-carts-words-cannot-describe-how-such-a-simple-and-elegant-dish-can-be-so-perfectly-satisfying-although-you-really-cant-go-wrong-with-the-standard-kale-beef-or-vegetarian-rice-dish-695-and-is-a-great-place-to-start-i-think-the-kale-doria-topped-with-cheese-and-paprika-and-baked-to-make-it-piping-hot-is-a-much-better-option-for-only-a-couple-bucks-moreand-even-better-they-are-now-offering-takeout-kale-that-stores-almost-indefinitely-in-your-freezer-ready-to-be-reheated-i-recommend-broiling-in-an-oven-or-toaster-oven-it-makes-for-an-awesome-quick-mealfinally-makoto-is-the-nicest-most-welcoming-owner-ive-ever-met-and-always-willing-to-explain-the-history-craft-of-kale-oh-yeah-and-the-atmosphere-is-a-clean-and-simple-yet-spacious-room-that-combines-the-best-elements-of-traditional-japanese-interior-design-with-accomodations-for-its-western-customers-elevated-tatami-mats-for-traditional-japanese-seating-combined-with-leg-room-under-the-table-for-regular-western-table-dining-japanese-and-modern-art-on-the-walls-japanese-magazines-and-other-random-books-for-perusing-before-during-or-after-your-meal-japanese-shojis-the-wooden-framed-doorsdividers-with-little-paper-covered-windows-and-byobus-multi-paneled-paintingsso-especially-on-a-cold-day-if-youre-downtown-and-looking-for-something-to-please-both-your-belly-and-your-soul-give-kale-a-try-and-i-promise-you-will-not-be-disappointed
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,3/17/2013,320,479,9,20,13>Baby's got her groove back.The first clue that we were in the right place was the windows in the building were rattling from the booming bass.  Clue two, as we rounded the corner, people milling about a glowing door of a darkened building, smoking cigarettes.We made a deal with the door guy to get our gang of four in for less than the posted cover as it was pretty late when we got there.  That's always nice when the door guy does that.  No club stamps, just pay and make your way down the stairs to the basement where you will find an awesome DJ mixing really great house/techo music that inspires dancing.Groove Suite's focus is where is should be...on sound, lights and a cool dance ambiance.  There's a couple of couches here and there.  An industrial sized fan off the side of the dance floor to keep those serious groovers cool.  I am in agreement with Lance A.'s assessment of the crowd - no pretentiousness that you often find at the Top 40 type/Hip-Hop clubs.  And I like it!Baby also likes that she can boogie til 4:00 AM.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,3/16/2013,457,244,52,13,18>No.  Oh God. No.You've abused me for over 20 years. And after every time you promise to go easy on me, only to beat me down the next weekend because of your over the top drinking.  I've been with you since the beginning, yet this is how you treat me? I've watched you in your early days with your Zima and your wine coolers, God you were a pussy back then. I watched your graduation to that local Honey Beer and Heffeweizen, and your eventual maturation into your love for craft beers, IPAs and hops.You promise me you will lose weight. You promise me you will cut back. You promise me that the abuse will stop.And now this.22 god damn taps within stumbling distance of our home. 22 fucking taps of amazing, experimental and oh so delicious craft beer! And I'm supposed to think that this will stop? That the weekly mistreatment will suddenly go away?  You've already been there twice and I can tell that you've taken a liking to them.  I smell them on your breath, I'm not stupid. And I thought it was bad when Laurelwood opened up close to your work...now this?Well I've had enough. This is the last straw. I'm shutting it all down. I'm tired of your lying, I'm tired of it all.  Get a life you good for nothing...get a transplant! Let's see you drink without me, bitch.Sincerely,Your Abused Liver
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,3/15/2013,115,152,3,5,3>Jimmy Mak's is one of my favorite date night venues, I actually thought that I had reviewed them before, but I guess I was wrong. The husband and I went here recently for a nice evening of dinner and music. Toque Libre was the opening band and they were AWESOME. Really enjoyed the Flamenco Rumba rhythms.  What a way to start the weekend! We ordered wine and shared an appetizer of Babaganoush and Pita while we waited....and waited....and waited at least 45 minutes for our dinner. To there defense, the place was packed and we were having a great time with our wine, music and company anyway. Our dinner was really good, I had the Chicken Saltimboca that was served with roasted potatoes and steamed broccolini. I loved the fresh sage and prosciutto combination between my breasts (chicken breasts of course:) it was so flavorful. My hubby had the Buttermilk fried chicken with mashed potatoes and broccolini. Also well enjoyed. For dessert we had the Guinness Spice Cake it was moist and delicious. The Mud Pie was sold out and would have been my first choice, but I left satisfied.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/14/2013,29,213,3,6,3>We came, we tried to line dance and we congratulated ourselves for just a second...then they added music. Yet in the end it was a good night had by all. Every Thursday night is ladies and they teach a free line dance.  I just have to say the gal that teaches these is so dang cute!! She is awesome at what she does. Seriously, if she can get me line dancing she's pure genius. Be warned this place does pack out. Get in early, grab a table and get ready to show your stuff. Because it is ladies night they have really cheap drinks, like $1 beers for ladies. The crowd here is a huge mix of people.  We were surrounded by people that knew what they were doing and we were also surrounded by people that were more clueless than us and we all laughed and had a great time. You won't just find big trucks parked in the parking lot. We also saw a Rolls Royce and everything in between. I have not had the food because I assume it's just bar food, which is not my thing. Besides I came to dance and it takes so long to learn that you don't have time to eat anyways. Even though line dancing is not my thing, it was fun to get out and do something completely different with all my friends.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,3/13/2013,127,273,2,8,4>This is my favourite place in town to watch a movie or spring for a date night.  If you're not a fan of big hollywood blockbusters but are prone to more serious, less stereotype-filled movies, you will probably enjoy the Living Room Theatres.  The food and service are excellent and you can even eat dinner while watching your movie of choice.  The individual theaters are small enough to feel cozy but not so small you feel constricted.  These are more personal and less crowded than regular movie theaters. The seats are large and couch-like, hence the name "Living Room" Theater.  The seats are matched up so you can raise the middle arm-rest and snuggle up.  Also, if you were hoping for a child-free evening, you're guaranteed one here.  Minors cannot enter after 7pm.  Finally, you can enjoy your movies without other people's offspring shitting and crying in or around your vicinity.  The tickets for the matinee are cheap too - and they offer discounted senior, student, and educator prices.  And even better, no outrageously-priced popcorn or candy or soda.  Everything here is priced at it's quality.  If you spend $15 on food, you will be eating a real dinner, like ahi tuna, or a sushi handroll, or a panini, not just a jumbo popcorn and swimming pool of black flat soda. For $6 each, my husband and I just enjoyed a matinee show.  Don't snob out of it just because it's downtown.  If you're down here and you're tired of superhero sequels, maybe stumble into the Living Room Theater.  Cheap, comfortable, alcohol-friendly, child-free, indie movies.  Hallowed ground for any food-and-film lover to be honest.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,3/12/2013,138,174,5,7,6>This place is so new I had to add it to Yelp myself.  It's a new sandwich shop that opened up in Tigard next to the Albertson's and Subway.  If you're in the mood for a good deli sandwich or soup, check this place out.A typical lunch here is about $10 for the combo.  The sandwiches are fresh, made to order, and the bread is quite tasty and fluffy.  The free bread samples help you pick out which one you want.  I also had some great chili the first time I was here.I was disappointed on my second visit that the chili wasn't available as it's rotated out with the soups of the day.  I hope they add a soup schedule to the website so I know when it's back.  The site already has a bread schedule so you can see when your favorite kind will be available.The only really negative thing I found so far was the "fresh lemonade" as it tasted too watered down for a $2.50 cup.  The people there are friendly enough, but a little disorganized.  I wager that will fix itself as the place is still brand new.Food: 5Service: 4Ambiance: 4Value: 4TL;DR: Great new neighborhood deli with fresh bread
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,3/11/2013,95,86,1,6,5>I drive by this place every time I pick my kid up from NoPo and eventually he said "Ok Daddy, we can go to The Fishwife but you have to make sure to tell everyone on Yelp about it" (okay, he may have left that last part out but I'm gonna tell you all about it anyways)Decor / Service:The only thing the missing inside is a giant sign saying "relax". This place is amazingly chill and the waitresses were super friendly, attentive, and quick on the draw with the beers (bottle only)Food:I know I'm opening this up to debate and possibly outing myself as provincial, but DAMN. This was the best Ciopinno I've ever had. Rich, super chunky with the seafood goodness, and in a rarity..I was unable to finish the whole bowl (though I tried)Brought some home to the beloved GF who responded with "this is better than my family's 'secret recipe', and don't you ever tell anyone that I said that" (typing doesn't count).You could spend a lot more money in PDX and get seafood that isn't half as good as this place. Five Stars all the way, worth driving to for reals.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2010,10/6/2010,109,677,27,23,24>I gots big time sympathy for the Devil.  This place rules.  It's more than your average strip club.  It's very Portland, from the larger-than-life Bettie Page posters to the all-things-devilish themed knickknacks in every nook and cranny. While a couple of weeks have passed since I saw my first fire dancer there, I'm still struggling to come up with words to describe how bad ass she is.  So, please, take my word for it and see this show for yourself at next opportunity.  The woman not only throws, juggles, and swallows the flames, she actually lights herself on fire.  Who the hell needs Kooza?!  The acrobatics and fire dancing were amazing and pretty much rendered me speechless.  The dancers here in general were all awesome, and not your typical strippers, either.  Think Chuck Taylors instead of hot pink platform stilettos.  Safety pin tattoos in lieu of belly button rings.  The DJ was having a bit of a laugh the other night, playing an SNL-themed set, from "I'm On a Boat" to that awful song from Night at the Roxbury.  We also caught a most kick-ass Clash tribute band (the Clamp), who basically grabbed Foster Road by the face that night.  Screamin' Happy Hour deals, too.  4-7 daily, $2.50 wells (strong ones, at that), food specials, and beer discounts.  It was shocking how nice all of the employees there are.  I must have assumed all strip-club workers were kinda icy based on other clubs around town.  Wrong-o.  They could not have been more nice, from the doorman to bartender to busboys, with the place completely packed to the gills.  I will be back for the fire show, no doubt about that.  Whether or not I can talk my burn unit nurse pal into coming with me remains an issue.  This show is a wee bit on the dangerous side, if you're sitting at the rack.  You can smell the kerosene before you even walk in, for Beelzebub's sake.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,10/5/2010,122,144,10,20,18>No regrets.  Handy motto, right?And I don't have any, really.  While I don't regret the tattoos I got in my twenties, maybe it's more accurate to say that I regret that I didn't live in a city with such talented artists when I got said work, and that, okay, I was a little harder edge back then than I am now.  Not that I regret that.  But times change, and as you find after living with decade-old tattoos, so do they.  They get mushy, they get less-defined, they get far less representative of who you thought you were when you were twenty-something.  So time for a change, and I was actually looking for a change on two pieces, one on my back, one (more difficult) on my arm.  Based on Yelp reviews I tried to get into Infinity but didn't have a great experience... the artist I was interested in has a nine month (NINE month!) wait, and when I made an appointment (6 weeks out) for a consultation with my second choice, she called and cancelled three hours before our appointment.  So based on a rec from another Yeep I trust, I checked out New Rose.  This is an all women-run place, terrific vibe and like ten blocks from my home, and it ended up being the best tattoo experience I've ever had.  I walked in for a consultation and Traci happened to be available (I'd already looked at portfolios online and was gravitating to her work) and she took 45 minutes on my WALK IN.  I decided to re-work and greatly extend the work on my back, and spend more time thinking about the other.  Two appointments booked over the next three weeks and I'm giddy with the results.  Can't wait to get another of my not-so-great twenty-something decisions made better by her, hopefully in the near future.  No regrets, but this brand of absolution rocks.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,10/4/2010,126,2155,23,15,14>I played the clarinet in middle school. One of my three favorite memories in that class, you know, other than learning to read music (which is a spotty talent now) was how absolutely pissed off the director would get if anyone with a wind instrument was chewing gum in class..."I need you all to understand that the sugars in the gum you're chewing become a part of your saliva and that saliva gets blown into the instrument. The sugars break down the pads under the keys your pushing and eventually the pads become so worn out that they need to be replaced. Our budget does not allow us to constantly replace pads. If you have deteriorated pads, your notes may potentially sound wrong. I'm talking to you the most, Clarinet and Saxophone sections."Despite the perfectly sensible explanation, kids will be kids (and dumb ones at that) and after awhile it became some sick game to see who could get away the longest with gum in your mouth for a class period. Looking back, I'm glad I wasn't a participant. (What, you thought I was, didn't you? I don't even like gum that much.)Fast forward some years -- My friend and I had been playing some guitar on a rather cold night for a few hours. Suddenly the battle cry went out for pizza. "I don't care what kind of pizza, just pizza!" A typical waiting-for-pizza while later, there it was. Pizza. Pizza is fucking glorious, isn't it? Just look at it, sitting there. Being... pizza.This pizza was quite a surprise. They opted for the kids size chunks of pizza. Cut in a grid style instead of in traditional pizza slices. I've only experienced this with deep dish but I kind of like it. Eating is easy and you can trick people who don't like to eat "a lot" because their traditional form of portion measurement, slices, has been yanked away from them.So the three of us chowed down on some Ma's Favorite pizza. Ma's favorites apparently include Italian sausage, mushrooms and onions. Good choices, Ma. Whoever's Ma you are, most mysterious of all Ma's gone before.At the end of the feast (the pizza beat us, we didn't finish it all) I had a bit of grease on my hands but not really enough to warrant a full hand washing. I wiped them off with a paper towel and we got right back to making more music.I had just put on new strings and lemon oiled the neck the day before. That guitar was looking sharp (and still is, as a whole) but damn, the spirit of my band director from years ago really came around. Closer inspection confirmed without a doubt that there's pizza grease on those strings. I thought I got it all off with the paper towel. You know, just like we thought chewing gum wouldn't do anything to our clarinets.I suppose I was right. Kids will be kids.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,10/3/2010,637,638,13,8,11>I image that hell has many of the same qualities as waiting for breakfast when your hung over. Heaven on the other hand must be much like breakfast at Gravy. The wait was a long one...It was standing room only in the waiting area and at this point the room was spinning, I was not to be detoured. I grabbed Mercury,  and a cup of coffee from the serve yourself area that they kindly put out for the waiting area. I was running on empty. The only thing keeping me going was watching plates of delicious food being delivered like clockwork, caffeine, and the smell of breakfast. 40 mins later (which is actually 2 hours in hang over time) we were seated at the bar. Always one for the hair of the dog remedy I was quick to order a mimosa. As soon as the glass hit my lips i felt the spinning come to a stop and a calm rush over me. Next - I needed greasy food. Fried Egg Sandwich, Please! I watched the cook in awe as he manhandled the pans with sheer finesse; slabs of butter here, handfuls of spinach there. This man was a man who knew what he was doing, a Professional at his craft. I couldn't help but give him the come hither eye - I get this way about food. My sandwich was nothing short of greasy perfection and it fixed me right up. Everything that came out of that kitchen looked heavenly. Dearest Gravy, You are worth the wait.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,10/2/2010,241,429,15,18,17>In an effort to find SOME hype to kill, I realized the pieces of chicken in my yellow curry were a little too big....I can't hate, not even a little.  Red Onion is all that.  The food came out in the kind of shareable portions more common to Chinese restaurants, a practice I could get behind in more Thai places.The yellow curry was amazing, the egg roll appetizers pretty damn good and came before the entrees, the way some joints just can't figure out.The service was friendly and prompt, we had three different people helping us at various times but there were no lapses, no oversights.  And it says right on the menu that sodas (pops) are refillable.  Wow, you guys think of everything!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2010,10/1/2010,273,418,17,16,15>Where did this place come from?!THE PORK.WOW, best BBQ I have had in Portland...and maybe, EVER.  Seriously, so moist, tender and delicious.   I was actually sad when I didn't have any left.  If I were a method actor I would go back to running out of pork here to induce false-tears.And to think I only got it because they didn't have my first choice (pepper pot beef, which I have had since...it's good, not on the same level as the pork).  You get three different sauce options (sweet, spicy, or North Carolina).And the price?!  $6?!  Are you KIDDING me?  This place is in a building downtown (others are right in noting this place is very, very hard to find...look behind "big pink") and they are cooking out amazing food at less-than-food-cart prices.Holy diamond-in-the-ROUGH, you get TWO sides as well...and they ain't small neither.  I went with the dirty rice and the mac-n-cheese (love me some carbs), amazing.I cannot hype this place enough, I'm starting to sound like a bogus PR-robot.  JUST go here.BONUS: this seems like a cash-only place...but guess what, they take cards.  Not only that, they take AMEX.  Which is better than 87.34% of Portland businesses.
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,9/30/2010,72,144,9,9,9>Just here to report that I moved into Slabtown for three days last weekend for the World Famous 4th annual Slabtown Bender. It was a hospitable stay and I would like to thank it for its music, it's quick and super nice bar tending staff, its punch-you-in-the face drinks, $2 PBR tallboys, and all the Pinball I could handle. Demolition Man? Eff Yes. Thanks Slabtown, for making my 3rd Bender a good time. To be honest, whenever this ol' nag actually makes it out of the house--I'm usually headed here. It's the music they book that keeps me coming back (punk/garage.) I have never just sat and arbitrarily drank here when there wasn't some live music, so I don't know how this place is during the down time, but for shows its very accommodating and fun. But, in my opinion....This seems like most tolerable of drinking establishments in all of NW Portland, as it is not like the others where you best pack your Calvins and Daddy's Gold Card. As with anywhere--there are a few drawbacks like the location in an ungentrified area of the NW quadrant (not everything can't be awesome enough to be in the NE,) the other people (not Slabtowns Fault,) the nast that passes for a bathroom area (its a bathroom and it stanks,) and I am constantly reminded that I'm not 21 anymore--that makes me sad. Wanhhh-wahh. I am a gross girl, so I don't expect everyone to cherish this space as much as I do, but if you are into loud bands, cheap and dirty drinks, and old pinball- this may be a great place for you to patronize as well.
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,9/29/2010,108,389,6,5,4>When they start remembering your name then it is a sign that you either come here pretty frequently or that you are just a pain in the ass. I don't come here on even a weekly basis, but they remember my name, so I must be a pain in the ass. I think my reputation formed because of the multiple requests that Coconut Creme be resurrected from the deep freeze. My most recent discoveries are Mounds, Pina Colada and Kalua Pork.They all are on par with my long time favorites of Apple and Coconut Creme, which incidentally was brought back after about 4 separate requests........you're welcome.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,9/28/2010,89,213,9,8,6>when you are a fatty who loves her food- you rarely go wrong when the place knows what's up. Gretchen gets it. the brother and i went in after a somewhat hairy finding a parking place expedition. I was a bit worried that the three tables would be full but we were in luck.  As we shared and stared at the lunch menu, Gretchen rightly sensed that she would be dealing with hugely indecisive people and she told us what was already prepared to ease our pain.We did a little splitsy action on the two prepared focaccia sandwhiches- one involved pork and was hot damn. the other, involving turkey and avocado was motherfucker good.  i went with a tasty ass meat ball soup and went in on the brother's pesto pasta side. I didn't think the portions were huge in any way- but that could be cause im a fatty who loves her food. My brother was ready to go for a round two on two different sandwiches- but as im off to arizona tomorrow and a bikini will soon be worn, decided round one was enough. No need to make the others at the az pool wonder how bikini bottoms stay up with no sides as they will be hidden in my pre-pool intertube.Gretchen also delivers a kind of sassatude i haven't seen since i lived in the east village-
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2010,9/27/2010,509,364,10,15,11>I $*&^%@ love my bike.I walked in to Bike Gallery after crashing my friends' bike, in hopes of shopping around and becoming familiar with the bike world. I walked out several hours later with a shiny new bike, fresh bandages covering my wounded knee, and 200% more bike knowledge. One of BG's employee's, Jordan, really took time to help me find the right bike and answer my chabillion questions. No sales pressure or anything like that and no buyers remorse. I %&^%# love my bike!I have dropped in a few other times since purchasing my bike to get snazzy yellow fenders installed. They checked my bike out to make sure everything was safe and sound. BG also offers rides and free classes on Sundays, which is great for newbie riders like me.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,6/14/2008,26,37,5,6,5>yes, we all know this place is amazing. so i'll keep my review short.try the greek salad. sheer perfection. and it's even accompanied with a boatload of warm pita sqaures. mmmmmand they have a fabulous selection of hot tea! right up my alley.i love you besaw's.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2008,6/13/2008,457,244,4,5,7>I have yet to put behind me the playground demons that haunt my memories of childhood...yet I can think of no better therapy then to join one of these mini golf, dodge ball, or kick ball leagues!  Nothing says old school like the Underdog Sports Leagues!  I hope to put to rest these past memories, and hit the playground one more time...
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2008,6/12/2008,61,93,7,6,5>LOVE this place.  Super cute and the cupcakes are SO moist and amazing (I giggle to myself because 'moist' is just one of those awkward words that makes many a person skin crawl... anyways...I digress).  Even though the variety doesn't change as often as other competitors around town, I know that I can stop by any day of the week and pick up my favorite toasted coconut cupcake and that means a lot to me!On a different level, the place is great for all ages... it finally made me the "cool aunt" when I showed up with a box of the little bits of goodness to a family gathering... FINALLY!!  I'm "cool"!!!  Praises be to Saint Cupcake!!
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2008,6/11/2008,3124,1728,21,17,22>Great. Just great. (read with a sarcastic HUFF...)As if I needed one more excuse to peer lustfully at your accessories, to drool over your flowy summer dresses, to obsess about your fresh candle scents, or to falisfy extensive trips in order to spend an odd amount of time holding your luggage - you go and open your new store within walking distance of my home. Fan-friggin-tastic. The river didn't keep me away from your Alberta location...so  what exactly are you trying to prove MZ? Is this some sort of test of discipline? Or perhaps a Portlander's version of Temptation Island? Because let me just state for the record: YOU WIN.I'm not even going to try to resist your fresh funky style. Yes...I will give in on a near daily basis and tithe religiously. I will pronounce my undeniable love for everything in your store, including your employees. You've given me the Pearl, but you had me at Alberta.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/28/2008,6/10/2008,73,142,8,9,7>Bushwackers is where my Paw and my Step-Maw met, twas the year 1999.  They tied the knot in Reno, Nev soon after and have been going strong ever since.   This is a good place for a beer and burger during happy hour which is from 3:30 to 7pm  A burger is $4 and a cheeseburger is $4.50, with fries or onion rings.  $5 cover after 7pm.The interior is sort of like a log cabin inside with exposed logs on the walls and benches and things.  The service is good.  I think there are free dance lessons for West Coast Swing and line dancing before the cover goes into effect.It can be pretty smoky inside, but because of the high ceiling it doesn't seem as bad, but there isn't a non-smoking section, I don't think.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,6/9/2008,104,20,5,6,6>I've been obsessed with bubble tea for years, and was concerned when I moved to Portland that I wouldn't be able to get my fix.  We found Fat Straw on Hawthorne, but we live in Northeast, so don't find ourselves down there as often as I'd like.Fast-forward to last weekend, when I was enjoying a sandwich at the Alberta Art Hop, I saw a young mom and her little girl walk by, both with bubble tea in hand.  I stood up and excitedly asked them where they got it, and they pointed down the street to Townshend's.  I'd seen it before, but assumed it was standard tea fare.I've been twice now and to my surprise, it's not only the best bubble tea in Portland, it's quite possibly the best I've ever had.  The black milk tea is perfectly flavored, and they sweetened it with honey at my request.  The tapioca was soft, firm, and tasty, like it was freshly made, even when the place isn't busy.Add free wifi, a wonderfully cozy space, and the nicest staff I've experienced, and I think I've found my new hangout.  Thanks for the boba, Alex!
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,6/8/2008,258,331,5,8,9>Read it and weep:Swedish meatballs with sherry cream, pickled beets, lingonberry jam, walnut toasts, and green salad.  The best potato pancakes - not too greasy, floppy or onion-y. Waffle was soft and crispy with a slightly lemon-y batter with powdered sugar, butter and ligonberry jam.  Ham and baked egg were cooked perfectly, not rubbery or greasy.The prices are astonishingly low for this level of gourmet food.Lucky you, if you make it in.  Yes, the wait is long for both a table and for the food.  We probably waited at least 30 minutes after our order to get our grub, but coffee refills are frequent, and it was most certainly worth the wait.Again, if you are able to sample the food at Broder: lucky, lucky you.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2008,6/7/2008,35,130,10,11,9>I totally wanted to Yelp this place I went to this weekend, but for the life of me couldn't remember the name. So I Googled something like "molded plastic chair panini new cafe near Powell's" and ta-da, there you have Mercato.I liked Mercato. It's a little something for everyone. Want to have a nice coffee and sit by the fireplace on a rainy day or on a street-front patio table on a sunny one? OK! Wanna grab a quick panini during your lunch break? Sure! How about a pizza, ready to take & bake at home, on your way out? Yep! Can small child and I get two gelato cones to go and head down to the park? No problem!Any one who knows me knows about my panini obsession, and Mercato offers up like nine choices to drool over. I had something with smoky cheese, roasted peppers and kalamata olives, which was added immediately to the I Must Try to Replicate This at Home list. The coffee was strong. The petite scoop of gelato hit the spot. The slick molded-plastic chairs hit me in the wrong part of the back, but they looked pretty coolOh, and get this: Woman behind the counter asks Small Child if she'd like a coloring book while her panini junior is being grilled up. Small child nods yes. Woman behind counter produces a brand-spanking-new Hello Kitty coloring book and a complete shiny sharp set of Crayolas. It's little things like that folks, you just made Small Child's day.I'm wavering on 4.5 stars for this place. I turn into my Grandpa when it's time to settle restaurant checks, so $9 for a small panini and $3 for a golf-ball-sized scoop of gelato chafe a little bit. But then again, it IS the Pearl, what do I expect? Hmmm, after we go back again and try the pizza, let's see if I can bump this place up to a five stars.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2008,6/6/2008,83,135,7,7,8>Another lunchtime errand/take out excursion...I had been eying Flossie and Maude's ever since a co-worker mentioned they were as good as La Provence in Lake O, and I luvs me some of that.Then I remembered I had the menu in my desk drawer at work!  Voila!The menu breaks down into a veritable who's who of mouth watering ingredients: roasted red pepper, garlic aoili, fresh shaved Parmesan, thick cut, white meat turkey...these are mostly broken down into wraps and paninis.yum.As a side note - lots of local, Lake O hotness here - which has no place in my review (*sniffle*) as I got take away.They also have desserts and are not messing around (which may explain the above hotness).  Rich cakes, 4-6 types of cookies - BEWARE - these sell out fast, I have missed chocolate chip 2x now.For the salad consumers they also offer a wide variety of salads - but it's worth noting that almost all of them have a helping of meat on them, so I'm not sure veggies would be thrilled (then again, ask for no meat and I'm sure they would accommodate you).Finally, for a touch of panache (or ironic panache) there is a full plate of the 'hot tamale' candy at the cash register, in case you want to ruin your palette while you pay.F&M does drop the ball in a few key areas:Price: $9.25 for a wrap and side salad - and said side salad is really just baby greens with cheese if you REALLY wanna get ripped off you can get 1/2 a wrap for $7+ I just don't see the value.Plus, my wrap was more than a little greasy.  Now, granted I got the philly cheese steak wrap but it's their job to figure out how to make make that work as a a wrap, not my job to be smart enough not to order it.I do like this place enough to go back.  Even if it is only to try and run into that girl with the sparkly blue eyes...tres jolie!
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2008,6/5/2008,188,386,11,8,10>At the risk of losing any street cred I may have garnered, I must admit to having participated in and thoroughly enjoyed the Neil Diamond Tribute night here at Tony Starlight's this week. For Tony's birthday, he the Tony himself presented us with a pretty impressive Neil Diamond impersonation - live band and backup singers included - staying in character (read: huge black wig and four wardrobe changes, from Crunchy Granola flannel to Heartlight open-shirted sequins) with tongue firmly in cheek for most of the night. The only slow section was the presenting of birthday presents and a series of rambling stories with lots of inside jokes in the middle there, which I assume does not happen every time.The servers were ultra-sweet and everyone working there really seemed personally invested in the place. We didn't have dinner, but one of our party had a grilled cheese that looked pretty fancy. The fellow diners/audience members included younger (no younger than 21, though) collegiate types dressed up in wigs & sparkles; 30s-aged urban couples in jeans; super tiny little old ladies swaying, clapping and dancing; mid-60s men in fancy cowboy boots; and everybody in between. Not only did everyone sing along to the requisite "Sweet Caroline" (wah wah waaahh!), many even produced and waved real lighters (so old school! remember the days before cell phones?) and "awwww"-ed to the soft ballads, like "Play Me."My heart's a little warmer and eyes a little sparklier from having spent an evening at Tony Starlight's Supper Club.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,8/13/2013,327,281,5,7,7>"Alcohol whispering in my ear, tell me all the things that I wanna hear, but it's true, that's what I like about you!"Aalto is one of the better happy hours I've discovered in town, it goes all the way until 7 pm and the happy hour drinks are $2!  I had the Belmont Jewel, I can't remember what was in it, but it looked like an orange sunset and tasted sweet, strong and like fun times!Service was stellar.  I didn't get a chance to try the food, but I'm told the tomato soup is excellent.  The crowd is a bit hipster-y, but it is on Belmont.  My friend had just come back in town and insisted on paying.  I said, "you can't do that. "   She said, "Tom, the entire bill is 8 bucks. "  I couldn't argue with that, or that Aalto is awesome.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,8/12/2013,70,846,4,12,7>This is why I love Yelp and why I'm still a Yelper after all these years.  I was at Sue's the other night for dinner and after she said she wanted some ice cream.  We debated going to the supermarket to just get a pint of something when I suggested we find an ice cream shop.  She mentioned one place that would have been a bit of a drive and I said I wished there was something closer.  I quickly took my phone out and did a Yelp search for ice cream.  After scrolling down the menu a bit I saw Cloud City.  We found our final destination.Took the short drive over as we already knew they were still open (Thank you again Yelp).  I glanced at a few of the reviews and noticed they had something about Umpqua ice cream, but also housemade ice cream too.  We were both more interested in the latter.  Thankfully when we walked in the door we found out that all of their ice cream (save for one) was made in house.  Score.They have a ton of flavors.  Everything from Nutella to Caramelized Banana to gluten free options like Marionberry/Lime (I tried it and it was excellent) and Raspberry Lambic.  It was tough to make a choice.  Brian, the owner, was behind the counter and gave us samples of whatever we wanted.I decided on a Caramelized Banana sundae ($4.25 for the regular size) which came equipped with housemade whipped cream, your choice of topping (various chocolate sauces as well as salted caramel), nuts and a cherry.  I had mine with the salted caramel.  Oh mama.  That was a good sundae.As I stated earlier the owner Brian was behind the counter on this night.  He told us he usually was in the back making ice cream.  He also told us this will be the first summer that they will be open with all in house made ice creams.  I'm guessing the lines will be around the block.  Another gem found due to Yelp.  You have to love that.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,8/11/2013,147,166,10,8,9>DUDE. DUDE DUDE DUDE.This is the best falafel in town. There. I just threw that out there, consider it as you will.Falafel should be done like so: Crunchy and golden on the outside, soft, chewy and packed with spices and herbs on the inside. Not a crunchy ball of over-fried chick peas, then it crumbles into a greasy mess when you try to eat it. That's a definite falafel no-no.This is, quite simply, the tastiest and best falafel i've had to date, and i'm a falafel FIEND. Fiend, I tell you!!The guy that runs the window (and who came up with the recipe) is so humble about it, too. I believe he also works at Food Front Co-Op. Anyways, I always tell him with my mouth packed full of falafel goodness, how much I love his damn recipe. No shame in talking with my mouth full of food, because let's face it, i'm not exactly a lady. *muffle muffle chew muffle chew* "Dude, I f**king love your falafel. How do you do it? Mmmm SERIOUSLY, you're not getting enough credit for this." *muffle muffle chomp chomp chew*Mmmm. I haven't hit up the window in a while, so I guess i'm overdue. See ya soon, you divine master of ground-up chickpeas.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2013,8/10/2013,61,115,12,9,7>I own a hookah. I smoked my first hookah at a friend's house in 2000 and was instantly hooked (forgive the word choice, my thesaurus is out of reach). My hookah, Katrina (named after the hurricane because on her maiden voyage she destroyed my carpet), has been with me for many years. I have about 15 different shisha flavors on hand at all times yet I was intrigued by the idea of visiting a hookah lounge. I mean, I also have a bar in my house but I still go out to drink. My friend and I were in the mood to go out but not necessarily to drink so we decided to check out Qush. We were a bit intimidated by the nature of the place since it's in a house and something about it feels a bit illegal but we proceeded with our evening by choosing to smoke Obama (shisha). All the rooms have different moods with cushions and different colored lights. Part of the effect is super cool but part of it feels like a drug den. Not that I've ever been in one but I do watch A LOT of movies. After touring the whole house (twice), my friend and I chose the green room and soon thereafter were delivered a fully ready hookah full of Obama. The part I dislike the most about smoking hookahs at home is how long it takes to get the smoke billowing. This hookah was ready to hot box the room, if necessary. I instantly changed my name to Lid Lion and proceeded to smoke the f*ck out of that hookah. Did it make me dizzy? Pfft, I'm not admitting that publicly. Please. The whole experience was enjoyable and I would definitely do it again. The service was great, the shisa choices were creative and the multiple rooms makes it feel cozy. It's a great place to go out without drinking (weird), to catch up with a friend, get to know someone a little better or hang out with friends. It should be noted that the place is 18 and over, which definitely attracts a younger crowd than I am accustomed to. Overall, I recommend the experience. Oh, and Obama tasted delicious. I'd vote for that one again.
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,8/9/2013,143,429,8,10,9>"There's not a real winner unless you Indian wrestle."The second I heard this come out of the bartender's mouth I knew I had struck gold.  Now, I'm not exactly sure what compelled two members of our party to challenge each other in the first place, but the night definitely escalated to a full blown leg lock of Indian Wrestling right in the middle of the bar.Did I also mention it was ladies night for our group?Apparently some of my friends aren't very ladylike.The girls and I popped in here after Yelp's Bossanova Bash for a few more cocktails and snacks.  I had been waiting for the opportunity to try The Station after catching a glance at the impressive bar, towering so high it required a ladder to reach the top.  We each imbibed in another cocktail and decided to split the hoison-glazed green beans and the pork carnitas nachos.  Both were decent, but be warned, the avocado drizzle on the nachos is crazy spicy; after a few bites my mouth was on fire.For bar fare, The Station is definitely a step above others, with a mix of comfort food, seafood, sandwiches, and more than plenty Gluten-free and vegetarian options.  Happy hour is offered everyday from 4-7pm and all night Mondays.
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/8/2013,47,232,5,9,7>If I had a buck for every time I'd asked a friend/neighbor/relative "Where in HELL can I go for good pizza in the Beaverton/Hillsboro area that ISN'T named Nonna Emilia or Earth Oven?"... I'd have a couple bucks.  Until now!I'm going to be honest with you: I make a rather fantastic pizza at home.  We have a pizza stone, and trust me if you haven't cooked a pie on one, do yourself a favor and pick one up.  Yeah, so there's that, and my crust is pretty much wonderful, and I mix up this sauce that's killer.  It's good, I promise.  BUT, pizza is something of a labor of love, and sometimes you don't want to expend the effort.  After trying La Bella Vita (heretofore known as LBV in this review) I'm happy to count it among my favorites.I talked Mrs. Brian I into coming here a few weeks back.  I don't know what made me pull the trigger, other than I've driven by approximately 45 million times, usually twice in a day.  Yelp reviews check out (from non-orangeheads, fortunately) so off we go.  The place is on the small side, but it's very cool inside.  They have some booths, standard tables and chairs and kinda picnic table deals in the back.  If I had to sum up the "theme" of the place in a word I'd say... "dark".  Paint's dark, not tons of lighting, plenty of wood - you get my drift.  This is good!  It's also in contrast to say... Chuck E. Cheese.  A second word I'm gonna use is "adult".  This is in spite of the multiple board games available for use by patrons.  I won't immediately say "DON'T BRING YOUR KIDS HERE!!!!" but i will say that you will never see every local baseball team descending on LBV after games.  There's just not the space/amenities for throngs of kids.Stay with me here, I'm still pleased as can be about this.  Service - BEST we've had in ages.  I'm just gonna cut to the chase there.  I'm not fucking kidding, either.  Two different fellas stopped by to check in on us, and if they wouldn't have told me otherwise (we asked) I would have guessed they had an ownership stake.  THAT is how you can tell great from SUPERIOR performance - when you can sense the honesty and integrity in a staff member.  They have it at LBV.  You know those interactions where it's smooth, not "forced" and just plain COOL?  That's what our interaction with everyone at LBV was like.Food: yep, we ate it.  My caesar salad was good, if a bit standard.  Wife's salad was great!  I'd describe the pizza as somewhere in the middle between "Oregon style" (thin, crispy cracker meal coated crust) and what I know as deep dish.  It's a bit thicker thin crust (jumbo shrimp?  sorry...) but it just absolutely works.  I had canadian bacon, ground beef and tomato and it was just spot freakin' on.  Nice amount of cheese, non-overpowering sauce - you know the good ones.  Beer: good choices - same with the wine.  I like that they had Alameda Brewing's "Klickitat" ale available.  It's a good pizza partner :)Can't wait to return!
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,8/7/2013,265,215,8,5,7>Yum. There's the best cherry cider on tap. It tastes like candy, and goes to your head real quick-like. The best. I find myself here a lot. There's usually a seat or table to be had, it's good for groups or dates (or group dates, if you swing that way. More power to you.), they have a fairly extensive list of their own housemade liquor infusions, it's right across from Laurelhurst Theatre, and the green salad has chickpeas in it. Chickpeas, you ask? Yup, that's right. chickpeas. Beulahland doesn't have a whole lot of vegan options (I've heard the housemade burger is bomb, but I've never tried it. I like munchy snacky foods when I'm out drinking, so as not to hamper the cider-to-mouth thing I've gotten real good at), but there is a green salad with chickpeas that does the trick. And, best of all: PHOTOBOOTH. Yep, there's a photobooth. Yep, it's black and white. Yep, it's loads and loads of fun and there have been a handful of times I've stopped in *just* to use the photobooth (and occasionally a shot has fallen in my mouth too, but that's neither here nor there). Great place before a movie at Laurelhurst, if you're hankering for a cider, or if you love photo booths*. * I spell photobooth like it's one word, but 'Spell Check' doesn't approve, so I threw it up as 2 separated words just to appease the internet spelling gods.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/6/2013,14,97,4,4,4>Well, I have finally found my go to bar for cocktails.  As soon as we sat down at the bar, I knew I was in the right place.  You see, I am the mixologist at home, and sadly, most of the cocktails I get out are just not up to par.  In fact I avoid mixed drinks at most bars because they are made so poorly.  But at rum club, that will not be a problem.  Expertly made cocktails, deep selection of liquors, and expertly, lovingly crafted drinks that are awesome.  And on top of that, the drinks are strong, we had dinner reservations for later in the evening and by the time I was half way through my second drink, I realized I would need to slow down if I was going to make it through the whole night :)  The staff is professional if not overly friendly, but they are focused on making drinks, as it should be.  We also sampled some food, the citrus shrimp and some fritters (actually crochets).  The food was good, but nothing spectacular.  The shrimp was the better dish.  Clearly this is a place to drink, and if you need a bite, they have a bit, but the focus is not on the food.  My new favorite bar in town!  They also have a patio, but it is smoking which was a bit lame, and appears to violate the law about 10 ft from entrances and windows, every time someone near the door blew out some smoke, it got sucked into the bar by the ventilation.  Still, did I mention the drinks are awesome?
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/5/2013,211,267,2,4,4>I just want to take a minute here to talk about one of the greatest things to happen to me in a while. It's called the Paprika Cup. What's the Paprika Cup, do you ask? Well, fine friend, let me tell you. The Paprika Cup is the best drink you've ever had. Vodka, whiskey, pimms, passionfruit puree and a paprika sugared rim - or as I like to call it, heaven. Seriously, I want to go back and have one every day until I die. OK, I think we get that I like this drink, moving on....SUSHI!!!! I love me some sushi rolls. Between our group we had:Rainbow Roll - Your standard Rainbow roll, can't mess this puppy upSpicy Scallop Roll - Good, but nowhere near the scallop roll at Yama that I dream aboutNorthwest Philly - One of my favesGreen Machine - Probably my favorite - the most unique roll we hadI Heart Anago - Well, it's true. I do.Overall everything was really good, but it's just not the best sushi in Portland. I think the sushi at Yama is better. BUT Yama doesn't have the Paprika cup, so...I see myself coming back. Yep. That's definitely having.Wanna try the burger...
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,8/4/2013,61,282,2,4,4>This a totally legit dive bar and I loooove it! Old regulars, cheap drinks, and decent bar food make this place come together to make an amazing dive. The people here are super friendly bar flies. Some of them have been coming here for a while. There is a pretty good variety of people in general. The burgers are super tasty. I would say the most popular on the menu. I went here for a girlfriend's birthday party and everyone was getting the meat! I ordered the prime rib sandwich. It was super tasty. Loved the au jus. The horseradish sauce is on the side so you can add ass much or as little as you like. The potato salad was the side dish and it was de-lish. The juke-box is off the hook. They have a bunch of awesome old school songs and people singing out loud ain't no problem for this place. They are even down with banging tables for the most part. I think they can handle a good crowd.I have heard that during sports games that this place can get crazy. Bring it on!
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2010,1/20/2011,107,111,21,10,8>Rob: What are you drinking?Andy: Double Mountain IRA.R: What's that like?A: It's one of my favorites. Want to try it?R: *sip* Too hoppy.A: Whatever. What are you drinking?R: Rainier.A: *blink* *blink*R: Hey, I'm 21 years old, I don't know anything about beer, and it's $2.50.A: I'll let it pass this time.R: I'd take it as a kindness.A: Hey look, there's food on our table.***This rather mundane conversation has been brought to you by the corn hole, the beautiful, spacious patio, and the amazing service at the Landmark Saloon. We really didn't have a whole lot else to say.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2010,1/19/2011,123,89,32,12,12>I HATE YOU, RUBY JEWEL!Your double chocolate ice cream is ruining my marriage. It is all your fault that I barely fit into my sexy lingerie. The finger is pointed squarely at you for my horrific, dairy induced night farts. See you tomorrow.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,1/18/2011,122,144,8,11,11>Gazing over the asparagus, nettle, olive and fromage blanc fritatta, the mister declared, "um, you'll like this."  Which typically means girl food and/or something with briny elements.  So yes, pretty much check, and check.And it was good, but actually the weakest of the three plates we tried. Keepin' it Toro Bravo style, we split a few things, which is definitely the way to go here.  Started with some scrumptious tiny chocolate/potato doughnuts, then moved on to the African lamb sausage with cous cous and cauliflower and rounded the whole thing out with the fritatta.   The African cous cous was the bomb, the fritatta was very good, but if you're in the mood for gut-busting brunch fare (which clearly the mister was,) nettle ain't gonna cut it.Good.  Very good.  And very loud.  Strong drinks.  Will be back, definitely with a bigger party to try more plates.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2010,1/17/2011,258,205,9,9,12>BELIEVE THE HYPE! this punk rock pasta cart serves up delicious italian fare for absurdly low prices. (TONS OF) clams and linguini? only seven freaking dollars! the most kickass gnocchi ever? a mere $6. for the same price of something awful (i.e. fast food, a shirt from forever21), you can get something tasty and wholesome AND you can be the saint of the day and support local businesses! also, you can't forget the cute boys cookin' and the good music blastin' to boot! it can't get any better than this, wooooooo!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2010,1/15/2011,58,56,26,26,17>Seriously...there are no reviews for this place yet?!? I can't be the only orch dork on here!    David Kerr's Violin Shop is hands down my ultimate happy place where I no doubt turn into a kid in a candy shop...a very expensive candy shop.  Whether a beginner or professional, David Kerr's is armed and ready with the materials needed to help you become a violin virtuoso. From teeny tiny adorable (1/16) sized violins that are ready to face three-year-old kiddos to the extreme opposite of rare full sized (4/4) violins that are worth a couple years of income, it is safe to say there is a violin suitable for everyone. While I never have gone violin shopping here, I have looked around and as soon as I have sixty grand or so to casually drop... I'll be back to purchase a certain violin (it's a beaut).Along with the beautiful instruments, the shop also has a nice selection of bows, which is what my visits have revolved around.  While shopping around, I simply brought my violin, an idea of what I was looking for, and a desired price range.  After hearing my specs, the lady helping me worked her magic and found a few suitable matches for me.  To help make a decision, I was guided to a room where I was able to play some scales and bits of pieces of music to try out the bows in order to find the perfect match.  Checking in periodically and filling me in on all  the details, the staff made sure I left well informed and happy with my new bow.  By the time I needed my bow re-haired, I had absolutely no hesitation where to come. In addition to selling (and renting) instruments and bows, the shop also does repairs, restorations, and appraisals (both verbal and written) on the instruments. David Kerr is quite the violin guru and Portland is extremely lucky to have his shop in their vicinity.    While violins *clearly* are the most superior instrument in the string family, the shop isn't a hater toward violas or cellos...just double bass for some reason.  But can you really blame them?!?  After all, basses are like elderly parents...both are unforgiving and hard to get into and out of cars!  ...just kidding!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,1/14/2011,434,336,9,15,12>The Urban Farmer is far from your typical Portland eatery. It's in a Starwood property, which I like almost without exception. Since I travel for a living, I also eat in their restaurants on their property most of the time. I think this is one of the best I have tried. From what I understand UF is run by an outside hospitality group, which was probably a good move on their part. You take an elevator to the 8th floor, and the front desk to the hotel is right behind the elevators. If you walk to the right, you enter the restaurant and bar. It's sleek, modern, airy, and sexy. It has some impossibly skinny white plastic mannequins as you walk in, along with nice art on the walls. They have down-tempo trip hoppy electronic mood music in the back round. There are large cubicle shaped glass spaces, and alcoves where it's nice to enjoy a drink without much eavesdropping from other patrons. They have a library that is available for restaurant and hotel guests to enjoy. The bar is long, and has hooks for purses, which I appreciate. They have regular tables in the dining room along with a communal table, which I avoid at all costs. I find the faux grass that they use to separate dining areas artificial and out of place with the rest of the decor. I suppose they needed to represent the "Farmer" in Urban Farmer, but maybe there could have been a better way, IMHO. The hotel rooms look down into the UF. The bathrooms are posh, as you would expect in this kind of establishment. Floor to ceiling doors on the bathrooms, and cloth towels. They have toiletries available to freshen up on the counter. I have been three times for happy hour, and once for brunch. Two of the three times at happy hour were wonderful, the service and food were marvelous. If my only experience would have been the bad one I had at happy hour, I don't think I would have gone back. The food was good, but the bartender was indifferent, and not at all attentive or helpful. The brunch that I had was completely worth the price tag. So far I've tried the house made potato chips, spiced nuts, a couple of soups, the dungeness crab fondue with cheese puffs, the mini vanilla milkshake with warm chocolate chip cookies, foie gras slider with hazelnut butter, and their house white wine. I've really enjoyed all of them. It's true that the serving sizes are small, but many of things I've tried have been so rich that I didn't need more. I don't know where to even start with brunch, but the baked steelhead, and humongous chocolate dipped strawberries were my favorites that day. The servers are as aesthetically appealing as the atmosphere. The service is very prompt, and on the one occasion that they didn't think they had put out my dishes quickly enough, they sent out some nibbles to tide me over on the house. I don't think I had ordered more than 10 minutes before, but I thought it was a generous touch. In closing, I think that the UF is accomplishing what it set out to do. It's one of the better, more polished restaurants in the city. For the most part the clientele has been upscale, which is who I think they're trying to cater to. I don't know if it's for everyone, especially people looking for the "keep Portland weird" vibe. That's fine with me. We have plenty of places that fit that bill. I like having places like this for diversity. For me, dinner would be reserved for special occasions rather than weekly meals. I will be going back regularly for more happy hours, as well as brunches. I would like to try their lunch menu too. They offer free valet parking during dinner, I'm not sure about other times.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2010,1/12/2011,532,371,12,14,16>twelve hour restaurant shifts leave me laconic.my words and energy used up i become a hulu addicted couch potato, too lazy for capital letters, sentence structure, or logical thought.and while i may never have a friday or saturday night off, i can eat a broder breakfast midweek without having to wait.hell yeah.while not under the radar, i consider broder a must for every pdx breakfast aficionado.swedish. neighborhoody.a narrow banquette bar space accented by clean modern lines and warm wood.intimate.better half selected it for our anniversary brunch. go wifey. go yelp.while intriguing i put down the menu after a quick glance to the left.i did an "i'll take one of those""one of those" turned out to be a "pytt i panna (swedish hash)." potatoes, peppers, roast beef and ham, topped with baked eggs, served w/ walnut toasts.as tempting as an aebliskiver might be, i doubt i'd ever order a different breakfast here.lunch is another story though...the lamb burger with tomatoes, pickled red onions, curried ketchup, and chevre pretty much had me at "lamb burger." {drool}i imagine its crowded here on the weekends. it should be. this isn't ubiquitous mindless artery clogging drivel.not cheap, but worth it.crafted with the care and thought of an evil genius blog post. little-red-hen.netcreative. well executed. delicious.a perfect place to celebrate the best seven years of my life.quite possibly a perfect place.pictures: pdxploration.com/2010/04
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,1/11/2011,141,355,16,17,18>If it was "Whiffies Deep Fried Cake" we wouldn't be having this conversation because this little cart would have never lasted.  But fortunately for Portlanders, Whiffies chose to go with the superior, almost angelic, baked dish of pie, and lucky for me, I chose to pick up one of my own for a late snack.   So without further ado: 4 Phases of a Whiffies Pie  (Sweet Marionberry Edition.)1. mmm...toastyAfter looking over the whiteboard menu and placing an order, one waits. Tucked in foil and passed through the small window of the iconic cart at 12th and Hawthorne, you can't help but wrap your cold little hands around the toasty warm parcel for a few minutes.  What otherwise looks like miniature calzone, the little pie is a welcome sight after a 5 minute wait on a weekday night.   2.  nibble nibble nibble But you have to eat it, right? I mean, that's why you ordered it in the first place.  But not without caution from your friends. "Careful! They're hot!"  Yeah. Right. Of course they are... and then you take that first bite when you learn that the hotness level of these pies is volcanic.   Yet the balance of flaky crust with gooey berry filling is perfect, and taking small bites doesn't seem like an annoyance but rather an opportunity to slowly appreciate the delicious dessert...3. OH GOD, IT'S EVERYWHERE!... Until you get to the middle.  And then all of a sudden the ratio of filling to crust is thrown out of kilter leaving you sticker than a class of preschoolers on papier-mâché day. Remember that lone napkin holder by the cart window? You should have grabbed a handful while you were up there.  But the mess is worth the deliciousness, and the sweet berry filling warms you from tongue to tummy.   4.  Wait *darting eyes* who's here? "So do I cram these last gooey, flaky pieces into my mouth in a couple of huge bites? Is anyone looking? Do I really care?"  Yes. Yes. No.    Let's be honest, Whiffies isn't someplace that you take your hoity-toity colleagues that you're trying to socially impress (you probably wouldn't be at the hawthone carts to begin with.)  But if you're out with buddies for a good time, showing visitors the perks of being a Portlander, or in need of a quiet snack alone, then you've found the perfect spot.  They've got it figured out, that much is certain.  And of course deep down in your heart you know that  Whiffies is going to be serving up scalding hot pies for years to come.  Maybe eventually you'll learn that there's no need to rush through what is perhaps one of the best desserts ever to come out of a temporary cart on a vacant lot.  Yeah, maybe when pies fly.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,1/10/2011,53,263,20,17,13>Grüner is to German food what Milla Jovovich is to the rest of the female population.  Sure, they both have the same general outlines but it's all in the details.  While spätzle may conjure up images of roly poly egg noodles swimming in a savory stew brought to you by a buxom rosy cheeked Bavarian lass this nouvelle deutsch cuisine comes with a silky twist.  Take fork tender braised chicken, mix in a soupçon of crème fraîche, sprinkle with fresh toothy morel mushrooms & crispy shallots then mix in housemade spätzle in a deceptively artless manner & voilà, $19 of velvety, lipsmacking decadence.  Oh, & it's brought to you by staff that more closely resemble of Skeet Ulrich à la 1997 than any Germanic Clousseau-targeting assassins with pretzels attached to their bustiers.  Capt Hook's housemade bratwurst with sauerkraut & potatoes was more traditional hearty fare with surprisingly delicious sauerkraut & a mere $14; leaving me struck with a moral dilemma...I might just have to admit that I'm no longer "allergic" to fermented cabbage.  Those of you who want green with your vittles should try out the Grüner salad: crunchy Willy wonka Chiogga beets, sunflower seeds, fennel, sunchokes, cucumbers & pretzel croutons with a light vinaigrette, plenty for two for $9.  Once again, my little asian girl genetics are holding me back.  The "Pidge" was expertly mixed with Clear Creek pear brandy, a twist of lemon & splash of Cointreau?  My taste buds remember, but the brainpan?  It's apparently floating on ethanol-fumed thermals.  Not bad for $9.So, where does this leave our Bavarian Milla in the sum of things?  While the food was not only scrumptious but supermodelly beautiful the little touches of whimsy like having our check come out tucked in a copy of L'Étranger will make even the most serious of epicures smile.  However, the higher prices with size 0 portions takes away 1 star leaving us with 4 celestial bodies.  Which begs the question, "Wouldn't you rather have an orange tressed super weapon wearing strategically placed straps than a bier frau with a push-up pretzel?"
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,1/9/2011,104,175,15,15,16>Rome wasn't build in a day and God supposedly took six days creating the whole world, right? I hope that begins to explain why this review has taken so. incredibly. long. for me to write, despite a sumptuous and decadent six month stint of scones (savory and sweet!), cookies, fudge, pumpkin whoopies, and gluten-free cheesecake. Anyone who knows me will say that I'm prone to hyperbole. A little too often I'm guilty of biting into a baked good, letting my eyes roll back in my head, and exclaiming that it's the best thing to happen to me in MY ENTIRE LIFE - NO I'M SERIOUS. But, to be honest? I've never had a less than stellar treat from these wonderful people. Taste, perfect texture, and dizzying variety aside, let's focus on what, to me, makes B2E so f'n special - the creativity. Although I'm perfectly happy to wrap my hands around a giant, perfectly moist chocolate chip cookie, I've been blown away by the interesting flavor combinations in the display cases here. Combinations that sometimes seem questionable, but always end up delicious. Cinnamon raisin pumpkin seed muffins? Yes. Chocolate lavender cupcakes? Yum. Strawberry hazelnut? Ginger coconut cardamom? Oui, mon dieu! Apricot white chocolate! Coconut rosewater! Chocolate rosemary sea salt tarts! Also, my new favorite cookie of all time - the spelt trail mix cookie. I will let these (lovely, sweet, friendly) people serve me damn near anything, because they've convinced me that they can do no wrong. For you Doubting Thomases, they also make (vegan) quiches, savory tarts, and calzones. And every manner of soft serve (with a mind-boggling assortment of toppings). And coffee. And tons of gluten-free/soy-free options.Not to mention that this all comes wrapped up in the most darling environment with a selection of cookbooks, kitchen gadgets and other goodies to peruse while you wait for your dripped-to-order coffee.Dare I say? Yes, I do - best vegan bakery ever. IN THE WORLD.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2010,7/2/2010,89,213,6,6,10>five stars for two main and recent reasons......I have no idea why it's not full for sunday brunch as there are comfy booths, we sat outside today, and the food aint bad. food alone would not warrant 5 stars though ability to eat here when other places have 20 people waiting outside (cricket cafe people?? really?), is quality.  the homemade muffins are amazing, i say way better than those pine state ones, the grits are good with aardvark and the scrambles (avoid the veggie sausage) are tasty. i am soooo happy to make this my sunday brunch spot ahead of holmans if first choice has a line or when i just want to brunch it without a crowdtoday's and past sunday brunches combined with last thursday night here give this place a 5 star without any hesitation...Last thursday went for a friend's birthday- her bf happens to play in the band that plays every thursday. this was the same thursday that i will officially call the nicest weathered day of 2010 so far. i shit you not, at 6pm when the bf's band started playing it began: the most eclectic dance party i have ever seen. i was so not expecting to see that crowd and the dancing that happened (and that apparently happens every thursday and possibly sundays)... most people were between 35 and 65, and motherfucker were these people rocking out!yes, there was tye dye, yes there were sandals and socks, but there were hotties and youngies, some who had come straight from work, some you would run from and some you can't wait to talk to-  the most refreshingly least hipster scene i have seen in this city. ever. i LOVED it. i would so take anyone here on a thursday who was visiting portland or even any portlander who has not experienced a thursday night here and by 730pm at least 40 people were dancing, while it was still sunny and 75 outside!!!would definitely rate as somewhere i would go alone (though you won't have to as i will be there most thursdays with friends), probably the best people watching, strangest yet most endearing and intriguing crowd, the bartenders are nice and the beer is cheap.me gusta
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2009,7/1/2010,71,113,10,8,7>I have come to believe that Whiffies exists solely to maintain an air of gawking disbelief from Portland tourists."Fried PIES?" They say in wonder. "From a WAGON? What is this?" *camera phones snap to show all the fam back in Colorado/Florida/Texas* And then when you hand them a pie, a foodporn-perfect golden crust encasing an impossibly perfectly-tempered gooey center (seriously, how does he manage to keep the filling from reaching magma temperatures?), they'll hem and haw and say they really shouldn't be eating fried anything because who knows how many Weight Watchers points one of these babies is worth? But eventually, they'll eat it. And in that instant, they'll know exactly what kind of hedonistic lifestyle their Portland brethren enjoy.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2010,6/30/2010,123,492,17,13,18>I am so rarely at a loss for words.  I pride myself on my ability to coherently craft complete sentences.  But every time I try to write this review of the Devil's Point, my brain just goes into rapid fire mode:  fire; fire stripper; batons of fire; balls of fire; chains of fire; swinging chains of balls of fire; flames; swallowing flames;blue flames; flames on skin;  torso flames; traveling flames;hot; hot; hot.It is just all so much to take in and process.  As for the other entertainment that does not play with fire in the literal sense, it sizzles nonetheless.  Just go.  Experience the fire and the brain melt down personally.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,6/29/2010,118,97,11,11,14>For me, PROST! does one thing and does it well: it triggers a sense of sheer glee.  During recent visits, it was virtually impossible for me to ditch the maniacal grin I had on my face the entire time.  Why?Our European quaffing counterparts will tell you that beer should--no, MUST--be drunk from an optimized glass shape to experience the penultimate Zymurgic pleasure.  Germans assert this with a distinct air of teutonic indomitability; a Hefeweizen, they would say, is simply not RIGHT unless consumed from "zee correkt glass" (tall and shapely, in this case).  For all the homogeneity we assume of the Germans, it is amazing to see how many glass designs they've mustered.  This sense of aesthetic is a charming departure from the beer glass varieties found at most Portland pubs: imperial, regular pint and child-under-12 size.And, as I've experienced virtually everywhere in Europe, your highly optimized beer containing vessel must have the logo of the EXACT brand of beer you're drinking.  I'm uncertain as to why this is the case, but believe it does speed up the process of re-ordering the same ("I'll have another pint") without having to mention the brand again.  Lord knows we'd all be put out by that half-second delay.Just before your moment of bliss, your glass should be rinsed and subsequently be filled with the pour aimed at the MIDDLE of the glass.  This (intentionally) kills some of the palate-harshing carbonation and awakens the diaphonous aromas contained therein to waft more vigorously into your nose.PROST! has and does all of these things, and on our little journey, releases a floodgate of European travel memories with many attendant pleasures.  Drinking countless pints of pilsner in Prague or doppelbock in Salzburg with stoneware liter steins (free arm workout!), the combination of an ethanol-tinged tasty tipple combined with great conversation with new friends in a new exotic land is a carefully treasured memory.This Cathedral to Reinheitsgebot is the Disneyland of German bier: a very happy place, indeed![FOOD: On Saturdays, in place of the traditional food stalls that might ring a German beer hall, one can go instead to one of many excellent carts at the "Mississippi Market", order a meal, and (gasp!) BRING IT INSIDE.  Your bartender may even complement your choice!  I find this sort of openness quite refreshing--and one that we should all support by carefully cleaning up after ourselves and depositing refuse in the trash cans on the deck.  Also, try the pretzel.]
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2009,6/27/2010,113,108,7,10,10>Yay! The Sam is heating the oven to bake some Pacific Pie Company pies as I type this review!Their bake-at-home pies are so easy for a quick dinner, breakfast or brunch. We plan to have a Beef & Mushroom one and an Egg, Tomato, & Basil one in just about 20 minutes. Perfect brunch! Often we have two or three pies or pasties along with corn (from the Beaverton Farmer's Market, of course) for dinner.We visit Sarah and friends at the Beaverton Farmer's Market to get our pie fix. Often we'll have something to eat at the market and take a few to have at home during the week. You can sign up for their email list and get a heads-up on what they'll have on the menu at either of their two market locations. Also, they accept preorders of pies so you know your favorite kind won't be sold out when you get to the market. (Especially handy for us as we like to sleep in before heading to the market.) We're getting better about getting our preorders in on time!So far my favorite kinds are the Bacon, Egg & Cheese Pie, the Mediterranean Zucchini Pie, the Veg & Cheese Pastie, and the Beef & Stout Pie. The Beef & Stout features different Laurelwood stouts - two so far, Space Stout right now. All the beef ones are great, in my opinion. Last week, I tried Chicken Satay for the first time and was pleasantly surprised - it wasn't too sweet (my usual beef with peanut sauce) and it had a nice spicy kick to it. Next on my list to try is the Southwest Buffalo.Their prices are super reasonable - $4 for Sausage Rolls, $5 for Pasties or Breakfast Pies and $6 to $7 for Pies. The crusts are flaky and delicious while the fillings are full of big chunks of meat, perfectly cooked veggies and delicious sauces (no skimping here!). Sometimes a whole pie is really too much for me, but that's why I keep the Sam around.Mmm... the pies are starting to smell delicious! If you get yourself to the Beaverton, Lake Oswego or Milwaukie markets this weekend, you could be enjoying some delicious Aussie-style pies in the near future, too!
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,6/26/2010,645,1150,6,16,13>I envisioned picking up a quick and simple grilled cheese sandwich on the way to the gym last night, but ended up getting from Cheese Bar damn near the best sandwich I've ever had.  (Thanks to Suzanne F. for writing the review that made want to come and try the Cheese Bar!)Things got off to an odd start when I entered an area designed with a modern industrial feel.  I walked up to what I thought was the counter to place my order.  A young man behind the counter smiled and said hello but turned back to whatever he was doing.  Maybe a minute later he came back to the counter, and without a word, placed a laminated list of beer and wine selections in front of me.To cut to the chase, I asked him if I could order a take-out sandwich.  Another guy came over upon hearing me say that and took my order.  I ordered the cleverly named "Sandwich #1"  sandwich, which had fontina cheese, some Italian meat, greens and a tomato-balsamic vinegar dressing.  ($6.50)As my sandwich was prepared I perused the wall art.  I especially liked the wood panel painting on the west wall.  It had Animal Farm-type characters, with toothy smiles, hoisting steins of something good.Everything about the sandwich was perfect.   I especially loved the thick (olive?) spread and the greens steeped in the compelling balsamic vinegar dressing.What was a cool touch was this little wrapping of paper that I found underneath my sandwich when I was done.  What could be in there?  Mints?  No, it was actually a small bundle of very good lightly pickled vegetables:  carrots, cauliflower and onion.  So for now, Cheese Bar is my go-to place in da' hood for sandwiches.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2010,6/25/2010,145,186,9,5,10>Paley's wins hands down in the hall of fame of awesome restaurants. Maybe it's because when the wait staff sees us come in through the door they immediately shake up two lemon drops. Or because they have the sweetest wrap around porch for people watching on warm summer nights.  Or the warm short bread cookies that are brought out with our check. Or because their cheese is so beautiful it gets its own little case. Or because the owner talks to us like we are old friends. Maybe its because their steak tartare is to die for. Or because the first time I went there I was on a blind date that lasted for three years. That turned in to a marriage proposal at the very same table.  If I continue with all of these "maybes" I am afraid I will never stop typing. So take my word for it and go there immediately. The food is on the pricey side but it will blow your mind! AND if you are lucky, you might get a marriage proposal out of the deal!
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,6/24/2010,189,360,7,9,8>Living Room Theaters is a combination of all the things I love: delicious food, a nice (adult) drink, sophisticated yet comfortable decor, and plenty of foreign and independent films.The atmosphere is easy and friendly but also upscale.  You can come for a drink and/or dinner (occasionally they have live music too), or you can come for a movie.  If you arrive earlier than the start-time of your movie, then you place your dinner/drink order and they will bring it to you in the movie.Now for the seating.  Chairs are unlike any you'd find at another theater - they are comfortable, low, wide and as close to what you'd expect to find in your....(you guessed it)...living room.  There is plenty of room to snuggle with your sweetie or curl up on your own.Aside from that, if you go on Monday or Tuesday, tickets are only $5 dollars.  A complete steal if you ask me. Otherwise expect to pay the going-rate for movies.  They always have something interesting showing, there are a quite a few theaters and so if independent and foreign films hold any appeal for you, then I think you'll find Living Room Theaters a miraculous find just as I did!
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,6/23/2010,457,244,26,18,19>Grilled Cheese and I?  Yeah, we go way back.I mean, who else really was there to sustain me through the lean years?  Who had my back when my culinary skill consisted of Top Ramen, microwaved hot dogs and spaghetti o's?  Who was there to satisfy me when hung over, recovering and nothing else sounded good?  And who would drop by frequently, thrilling the TLB and I with his oh so cheesy goodness?That's right.  The Grilled Cheese.You see the GC and me, well we're tight, he's my boy.  But it seems that he has now decided to go big time on me.  I guess he wasn't happy being regulated to children's menus, bachelor pads and stove top appearances, so he's abandoned the comfort of those familiar surrounding, and relocated to a fancy cart on Alberta, complete with his own freakin yellow tour bus.  And I'm just now getting an invite to this show?  Yeah, GC, I see how it is.I will admit that his new peeps, well they are pretty damn cool.  And the GC's new management team has come up with some great new additions to his regular show that keep him fresh and innovative.  And while I am a little worried to see him hanging out with the notorious Dave and his Killer bread, when the two of them  collaborate it is truly out of this world.  So yeah, his life is now all about late night performances, with long lines and hot groupies wanting to fill their pretty little mouths with some grilled cheese action.  And while I am a little sad and envious to see my buddy go mainstream and leave me behind in his gooey wake, I am truly happy for his success.  I just hope he doesn't forget his humble roots and end up as a forgotten cheese stain on Andy Dick's pants.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,6/22/2010,213,358,20,16,15>I'm gonna level with you, this is mostly about their Happy Hour. Henry's 12th Street Tavern has a Happy Hour Menu that is, well, nice. All the food on there is delicious and very reasonably priced. The Cheeseburger is only $5 and it is a 1/3 pound of delicious Fresh Local Grass Fed Yummy Painted Hills Beef with copious amounts of Tillamook Cheddar Cheese on a soft grilled bun. The pear walnut salad, the flatbread, the gorgonzola fries, the spicy California Roll 'My God' Was beautiful, it's all great food prepared very nicely and presented so as well. The problem with Henry's HH isn't the food, it's their drink prices. I remember saying to my HH mates, "I wonder how much the drinks are? Meh, if you have to ask you probably can't afford it, right?" Well I wished I had asked because 3 Guys, 2 Hours of Happy and the bill was $93 Bucks! One of us only had diet soda with free refills, and the two of us that drank had well drinks and draft beers and none of us left there full nor drunk, even heavily buzzed! Jim Beam and soda was $7 dollars each and the draft beers were $5.75 each. Happy Hour is food items only on their HH Menu from 3pm 'til 6pm and all things range from $3 to $5 and they're all Great! But there is a stickler they only serve HH menu items in the bar area which is freakin' packed, loud as hell and dark as hell too. Yeah I said Hell twice! Hell Double Hell! If you're a spend thrifty frugal Happy Hour person then I recommend you go elsewhere. I think if I ever go here again for HH I will be drinking H2O only.Enjoy!
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,4/10/2009,37,8,9,11,11>I love Voodoo Doughnuts but i hate 2nd and Burnside. Thank the baby jesus for Voodoo Too! I actually rode the bus past the 2nd ave store the other day and laughed at the people waiting in line in the cold like morons. Just cross the river you fools! I live about 5 blocks from Voodoo Too, and I don't go as much as I should, but I love knowing that I can satisfy a sweet tooth at any moment. Another review complained that they don't always have a baconator handy, but every time I ask they always offer to make one if I don't mind the wait. I never make them, but if you haven't had one you should take them up on it. Tony Bourdain was right, you will be craving it the next day. Another must have is the Oreo doughnut, either vegan or regular. I'm not a vegan by any means, but they use banana in the vegan batter and that little tinge of 'nanner makes the Oreo sing. The frosting is better on the non-veeg version so I get one of each! Also, true story: On 1/20 I had a dream about Obama doughnuts, and later that day I found out they actually existed. I ran to Too, and even though they were all out, the sweet boy frosted one up just for me. Doughnuts make the best days even better.
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,4/9/2009,122,301,6,19,13>New cart alert!  And it's not Mexican or Thai -- way too many of those on the PSU cart block.The name says soup, but they also have sandwiches and salads.  I had the Applewood Smoked Trout Chowder, which was really good with the smokey trout flavor, but the potatoes were a little undercooked.  They also have gumbo and roasted tomato and cheese.I combined that with a Slow Smoked Pork Butt sandwich with apple and red cabbage slaw (yes, yum!).  The only bad thing was that the sandwich was a little runny, but the taste was spot on.  They also offer a Draper Valley chicken option.Everything is basically $4 for a small portion, $6 for a larger portion or $7 for a combination between the soups, sandwiches and salads.  The vegetarian options seemed limited to me (no sandwich option).They also have a save-a-bowl program where you can buy a jar from them for $2 and then save 50 cents from them whenever you use that jar for your meal.
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2008,4/8/2009,189,360,8,15,14>Prepare to be Impressed.  Yes, that is Impressed with a capital "I".Serrato focuses on using seasonal local ingredients to prepare their delectable dishes.  And while I really love everything about Serrato, it is hard to overlook the fact that the food is really amazing - even though I'd come here for the atmosphere alone.  They do a particularly good job with their burger & fries, but I haven't met a dish I didn't like.Happy Hour is from 4-6pm daily and a long list of food options are available for anywhere between $4 and $7.  The best deal is definitely the pizza of the day or burger - they're both excellent, but they are also very large portions for the cost.  The space accommodates a group of Happy Hour folks easily as well.Dinners can become expensive, but given the quality of laid-back and on the spot service, the nice ambiance that escapes pretension, and the great food, its worth the money.Also, every day they offer a flight of wines for tasting, which is a definitely a unique and nice touch.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,4/7/2009,130,164,18,14,14>It's 5pm and I'm the midst of the praline bacon sweats.  We strolled out of Screen Door a little before 2 after getting there 11:30 ish.  Yes, there was a long wait but if you're with good company (one of whom produced peanut butter M &M's from the depths of her purse to tide us over)and have a bloody with pickled okra in front of you who cares?  Was warm enough to wait at the picnic tables anyway.We were some hungry girls by the time we plopped down.  To wit: apple cinnamon coffee cake, a breakfast corndog, two orders of praline bacon, a blue crab omelette, fennel sausage-yukon gold-brussels sprout-poached egg hash and a wild mushroom scramble.  My friend ordered the hash before me and got the last order (damn, maybe the best taste of breakfast I've ever had).   Mind you there were only three of us and one was a tween.  She wanted to get cheesecake to go after all that.  The force is strong in this one.We all ordered off the specials menu after an ad hoc committee was formed and the decision was made that we could eat off the regular menu next time (next week?).  Malted waffles?  Yes, please!  Farm grits? Drool.General consenus among those of voting age was that Screen Door should be open everyday for brunch so BlackBerry pics of food could be taken and transmitted to the minor whilst she is at school.  Ah, the joys of having finished 6th grade already!But everything was outstanding - super friendly staff - running around like crazy but keeping their cool.  And the kitchen looked like they were barely breaking a sweat - now THAT impresses me.  No one freaking out on each other, orders coming out at the same time, no knife throwing (yes, I've seen that happen, it stuck in the wall) - just total...flow.Mom o' tween summed it up best "next time I'm wearing sweatpants."  Non-binding resolution across the age brackets was that there would be much working out this week to compensate for what was, truly, gluttony. Oh lawd, here come the corn dog sweats.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,4/6/2009,240,523,16,15,14>If only Mariah and Jim could be more spicier than what this restaurant offers. I highly doubt this. Right on their menu are three colors of their infamous curry dishes. Red, Green, Yellow from mild to hot. Your color, your choice. No one will judge. They will even offer you an ice cold glass of water. That's how much they aprreciate you when you go there. So, three curries are better than two Carey's. Try the Pad Thai and it'll leave you in a deep sigh of content. Have some salad or Tom Yum (soup) as an appetizer to complete your food coma experience. Go even deeper with your Thai food dining experience by trying their homemade ice cream. I've tried the Coconut ice cream and it was divine with coconut chunks. The restaurant is pretty much tucked in the strip mall of Albertsons and West Union Pub. Driving and parking is a breeze. It is easily found right off highway 26.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2009,4/5/2009,121,1306,20,22,21>If heaven were a grilled panini, this is what it would taste like. Frankly, maybe heaven IS a grilled panini--who knows?! I don't care that it's across the river from work. I'm going to find a way to have more J in my life. Weekly.You really, really do not understand how fabulous a sandwich can be until you have yourself one of these. I really don't think there is a bad thing on that whole menu. There is a whole page of extensive flavors of meaty, cheesy goodness grilled on that bread. There are a couple veggie options, too, actually. It's not your typical greasy over grilled panini, oh no. Perfection in every single flavor-packed bite. I wept a little when I finished that last bite of turkey, cheddar, gorganzola, pesto, and sweet pepper.Cold sandwiches and salads/soups [tomato gorganzola?!] round on this cafe menu, but I don't know if I could be led away from melted cheese. It's cheese after all, and it's melted. You can't mess with success. A boxed lunch is going to set you back almost $10. It's $10 well spent, though. You are not hungry when you're done. You get a nice mixed greens salad, none of that iceberg crap. The dressing that it comes with is super flavorful, too. It comes on the side so you can apply as sparingly or liberally as you so desire. Oh to be in control of your food; it is a beautiful thing.  Toss in a bag of Tim's chips, which aren't my cup of tea, and a cookie and you're set. The cookie was soft and loaded with lots of chocolatey chunks. The only thing that would have made it better was to heat it up. Not that it needed it, but ooey gooey chocolate does kind of compliment grilled panini heaven. It looks like they do amazing panini breakfast sandwiches as well as all the espresso necessities to start your day. What a winning combination! Whoever said Wheaties is the breakfast of champions hasn't ever set foot in this place, but they ought to.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,4/4/2009,265,215,16,14,14>Dutch tacos. hehe.I can't help it, it makes me giggle. Since I came here a few days ago, I can't stop saying several times a day to my boyfriend, " I want to eat YOUR dutch taco." Then he says it back. Then we giggle.Regardless, THESE dutch tacos are not a dirty dirty term like the Rusty Trombone or the Dirty Sanchez, they're actually quite delicious little waffle sandwiches that, most importantly to moi, can be made VEGAN. The maple cream & veggie sausage waffle sandwich is one that you will find extremely pleasant in your mouth, thinking, hey, this ain't too shabby.But then, wait a few hours, a few days. You'll find yourself thinking back to it, craving it, needing it--that sweet taste of maple,the savoryness of the sausage, the soft and supple waffle....you'll NEED another, and soon....These are better than any sort of Dutch Taco I could come up with.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/8/2008,4/2/2009,45,71,18,17,15>I'm one of those obnoxious people who goes to a foreign land for like a week and a half and then comes back talkin' nonstop about the food/accents/particularly dreamy boys they can no longer live without back here in the States. Have I told you? I went to the Basque region of Spain? And the food was just fabulous? And really, I'm having absolute withdrawals for pintxos and bacalao a pil pil and txakoli? They're just downright impossible to find here, and I'm simply dying.Gross.But this is the thing: The Maiden recently lost her Mist and that weird piratey vibe she had going on (recent new ownership shuffled things up a bit) and has re-emerged as simply "Maiden,"  a spicy lady who retains her nautical feel but speaks fluent  Spanish with a touch of the Basque. She serves sangria and tinto and Txakolina to drink, and she shoves plates and plates of jamon Serrano paninis and boquerones with Manchego cheese and delightful sopa and olive plates. Knowing her place in the Pacific Northwest, she also offers seitan tacos and amazing french fries with jalapeno ketchup (!!!) and delectable salads and fancy cocktails, and she'll treat you right at Happy Hour. Very worldly, that maiden.So I've had my fix to last me a while, but if I start acting up again with the red beret and the siesta and the Basque anthem chanting, you push me in the direction of this place. And I give you permission to slap me. But have I told you I've recently been to Scotland?
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/21/2008,4/1/2009,35,130,16,15,13>Yes, Virginia, there IS a black-lighted 3D pirate-themed miniature golf course hidden underneath a Qdoba in downtown Portland. I thought this place was a myth! On a rainy boring Saturday, Small Child and I decided we had to seek it out.So, we came, we saw, we golfed. Then, the room got too stuffy, the pre-teen girls celebrating a birthday party in the Cap'ns Party Hut got too bitchy, and I had an immediate need to claw my way out of there and up to the light.You definitely need to see this place. It's a great intro to haunted houses for the preschool set since some of the holes are super-mildly spooky (think glowing pirate skulls). I think any parent could tolerate the place for up to 45 minutes (sober). In the end, it made me sort of crave a trek out to the burbs to a real putt-putt golf course.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/6/2009,3/31/2009,122,144,17,16,14>Remember "From Dusk Til Dawn?"  Only slightly more obscurely, "Desperado?"  Both Tarantino-affiliated, both with Selma Hayek, both south of the border... only one had the Banderas, and only one had vampires (though the other woulda' been SO MUCH BETTER if it had vampires...)Y'know what neither had?  Fried calamari.  But for some reason, someone has co-opted Dusk-til-Dawn/Desperado aesthetic, and paired it with a decidedly TGIF menu.Now don't get me wrong: I don't remember food in EITHER of those movies (beyond the vampire blood-meal, 'natch,) and perhaps if that guy with the guns in the guitar case hadn't been so hungry he woulda' been a lot more friendly.  And I do appreciate a tequila flight.  That's pretty cool.  And there ARE worse places to eat calamari in Portland.  But seriously, would you actually eat squid in a Mexican border town?  This place is terribly Disney-fied, from the brass-ish chandeliers and black/burgundy brothel-esque decor to the (faux? presuming, cuz there's just so goddamn many) game heads on the walls.  I know, I'm treading way too close to that Portland asshole-authenticity edge, but give me a moment...Matador is fine.  Despite the edginess it's trying to convey, it's really wholesomely inoffensive.  You could take yer folks here.  Then again, in my family a decent tequila list is a check on the plus side, so what do I know?
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2008,7/6/2008,66,161,6,6,6>Oh how I love me some bowling.  Especially $1 Sunday bowling.Nothing like being able to play a game for $1 as well as rent your shoes for $1. Then fill up on fries and a shake (the fries were $1 but alas the milkshake was about $3...I think). It is a tradition, I always have to get a blackberry shake from this bowling alley. This is a very large bowling alley. For some reason the employees decide to cram everyone in side by side instead of utilizing the whole facility sometimes. Oh well, less maintenance? Who knows. Even though it is somewhat newly remodeled, things seem to be falling apart a little. Nothing like walking to the lane only to almost fall into the floor. Not to mention the reset buttons for the lanes do not always work. At least the staff is very friendly and get things started for you quickly.Not up to bowling? There is at least plenty of seating to go around to just hang out. You could also play at the arcade (I have no clue what games are in there seeing as how I didn't venture in), or if you're 21+ you can play pool in the bar (and of course get your drink on).If only every day could be Sunday!
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2008,7/5/2008,45,71,5,5,6>Ok so this IS the new gelato!!! Or unless until the rain stops pouring down....I have often dreamed of the decadence and taste of ice cream without the actual coldness of the dessert and I have found my answer from god (or england?)!  Anyhoo I had the coconut mixed a bit with the cheese cake flavored pudding and it was like manna from heaven...ok ok..enough with the analogies..but seriously their ingredients are top notch, the high school boy behind the counter was nice and not annoying and the atmosphere was hello kitty meets 2001 a space odyssey.  I am def. going back!  This rice pudding is NOTHING like your grandma made, or those packages in the store...so give it a try..or three..or five...or whatever...collect the gosh dang taster spoons they are cool with that.....i asked...  And I am cool with this place!
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2008,7/4/2008,25,27,3,9,7>We had an absolutely lovely time at Equinox.  We went on a Friday evening, warm and breezy, perfect for patio dining.  There were three in our party, and finding a great patio to have dinner was our key concern.When we arrived, we were told that it would be a 30-45 minute wait for outdoor seating, but that we were welcome to sit at the bar until a table opened up.  This is longer than I'm usually willing to wait, but we decided to just go with the flow and stay.  We ordered some drinks (two lemon drops for my companions and a brown ale for myself), sat down at the bar, and just chatted.  Much to our pleasant surprise, a table was available in only 10 minutes.  The hostess told us that she never likes to underestimate the wait time...  better to overestimate and then the customers are always happily surprised.Our server was extremely friendly, courteous, and prompt.  Our food arrived in blazingly-quick time - probably less than ten minutes from when we placed our order, which was impressive considering that the place was humming with activity.Our meals were divine.  I got the Aztec enchiladas with guajillo mole and chipotle pork, which were savory and exactly spicy enough, filled with cheese, caramelized onions and spinach, that inspired a contented moan from me with each bite.  My partner had the black linguine with Tandoori shrimp in a coconut cream sauce...  also just scrumptious.  We had started off with the wild mushroom won tons, a small serving (only 6) but just perfect for a couple of morsels to get the taste buds fired up before the meal arrived.Equinox is just about my perfect combination:  beautiful setting with great outdoor seating, prompt and friendly service, excellent high quality food, and reasonable prices.  The pre-tip total for our meals and drinks was only $74 for three people, which I thought was totally fair.  I highly recommend Equinox.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2008,7/3/2008,14,99,5,7,8>$2.95 will get you two scoops of pure joy here. I highly recommend the yellow cake flavor. I would get two scoops of this if it weren't for my girlfriend and the clerk insisting that I try more than one. Who needs more than one when you've already got the best flavor?! Hands down best in the NW area, skip the rest and go here.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,7/2/2008,53,196,8,22,13>After months of dealing with blister remnants and calluses from walking all over this city, I made the unexpected, yet wise, decision to "get my nails did" yesterday.  To say the least, I was in dire need of pedi-love.  I needed something downtown, so I could get it done between work and volunteering, and it had to be under an hour, with a reasonable price.  After reading the reviews on Yelp for Uptown Nails, I called them up.  Ta Da!  It took only 2 minutes to schedule an appointment for that afternoon, at the perfect time for my schedule.  I was on my way...Little did I know this appointment would be the best pedicure of my life.  Anna greeted me by asking if I needed water or something to drink.  She spoke little English and was very, very friendly.  She started on me right away.  I opted for the $40 "Deluxe" Pedi, which is the most costly of their 3 pedicure options.  While I read my Newsweek and my tired, busted up dogs soaked in a jetted tub, she worked on them quietly with a buffing pad, sugar scrub (it smelled like mangos and coconut!), and mud mask with hot towel application.  Then she rubbed my feet and calves for about 10 minutes each (no exaggeration) with soothing peppermint lotion.  After the undercoat, 2 layers of polish, and topcoat were applied, she took me to a table with a little foot dryer underneath, where I sat for about 10 minutes.  Since I hadn't planned on a pedicure, I only had close-toed shoes, so she brought me some dandy disposable flip-flops to wear.  After asking me twice if there was anything else I needed, she thanked me and went on to her next client.  For the record, Anna buffed me like I've never been buffed before!  ALL of the blister bits and calluses were completely gone.  I mean, that was a job well done, trust me.  I've never had anyone work my feet so thoroughly and perfectly before.  Now my feet are so happy and soft!  Not to mention, the lovely pink polish on my toes.  So, if you want a high quality and indulging, yet fast and friendly pedicure, go here and ask for Anna.  Just please remember to tip her because she's worth it!
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,7/1/2008,78,211,3,13,11>Soaring gas prices + car in the shop for repairs + nice Portland spring/summer weather coming = bike commuting time!I decided after two years of tooling around Portland on my vintage Schwinn (a nice bike--but weighing in at about a ton+), it was time to invest in a nice commuter bike.  No more excuses.My car being waylayed in the Subaru shop (where, alas, the repair bill is mounting), I strolled a few blocks over to Bike N' Hike.  Yea, this turned out to be good idea!David hooked me up with a new Giant commuter bike, with all the things I needed a Portland bike to have--rack, fenders, lights, etc., and all within my price range and budget.  Bike N' Hike offers:Friendly service with no sales pressure, no bike shop snobbery.Nice selection of bikes, with decent price ranges.Nice accessory selection to deck yourself out in helmet (old or new school style), lights, bags, panniers, etc.An excellent shop for service and advice.Convenient location.I will be living on my bike all summer long.  I suggest you stop paying a fortune at the gas pumps, and get hooked up with a bike from Bike N' Hike.  I'll see you around town!
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2008,6/30/2008,7,16,6,9,9>I moved to Portland four months ago and have been looking for new services. I definitely found my new wax place! This was hands down, the best waxing experience I've ever had. Great location and friendly staff. Not to mention the booze! And I can't say enough about Brooke - a sweet girl and an awesome waxer. She made me feel comfortable right away and did a very quick, thorough job. They use quality product and a hard wax, which makes a big difference. I would recommend Urban Waxx and Brooke in particular to anyone.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,6/28/2008,38,82,11,12,8>I'll quickly chime in on this one too.  At the very least, I'm obligated on behalf of So-Cal style Carne Asada Burritos.Ambiance was great.  I love outdoor seating on warm (almost-summer) days.  Plus, we got to admire some bad-ass in the parking-lot showing off his new car's engine to his buddies.  It was a Saturn Sky - you know - those little curvy sportscars.  They popped the hood, "oooooooo, an engine!"  Sorry, end rant.  Back to burritos.The lady at the counter was cool.  She had no problem taking the burrito order without rice, cheese, lettuce, beans, all the crap you never want.  Be sure to ASK for guacamole.  The burritos, plus one cheese enchilada, and one carnitas taco = $14.  Remember folks, if you want a super cheesy and saucy enchilada, order it that way!  if you hate cabbage, ask for no cabbage.  Don't be afraid to detail the order a little bit.  I think it's only unreasonable if you become detail picky and then don't want to pay a little extra for the ingredients.When she brought the burrito's out to us, my eyeballs literally POPPED!  These things were ENORMOUS for less than $5.  Especially considering we REMOVED half the normal ingredients.  I did ask her to make them just as big - and that I'd pay extra.  Maybe that's the trick?  What really impressed me was watching my buddy take the first big chomp into his.  No super-grease explosion.  Rather I saw a mini-guacamole/avocado explosion.  You NEVER get that with most burritos.  You generally have to work your way to some hidden pocket where ALL the avocado is stored.  Not with this one.  They have this superb wrapping technique.  It's a triple-cylinder burrito encapsulation technology.  Outer cylinder = steamy tortilla (obvious).  Middle cylinder = Very finely chopped and savory marinated carne asada.  Inner cylinder = avacado/salsa/onion mix.  It stretches from ONE END to the OTHER.  That means each bite will render a tasteful explosion of each burrito flavoring.Allow me to diagram:   [ ] is the tortilla.  ( ) is the asada.o is the avocado/onion.  [(o)]Genius.  Five stars.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2008,6/27/2008,24,17,14,14,13>Wow wow wow wow wow.  This is Cuban food?  End the embargo!!  Their Saturday brunch was incredible.  Huge spreads - each dish comes with a handful of sides.  And the pinosa!  Everything from my gf's "Desayuno Tpico" (a light breakfast of fruit and pastries) to my "Butifarras del Congo" (a hardy meal of Cuban sausage, mashed plantains, and "Moros y Cristianos" - AKA rice and beans) was awesome, and each definitely left enough food for some tasty leftovers.  We WILL be back!  Thank you again, Northeast!!
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2008,6/26/2008,39,30,6,6,7>lose lush and get yer stank ass over to urbane zen, where they will help you smell all kinds of good. they make all their soaps, fizzy bath bombs, bath oils and bubble baths right here. for a recent get away to a soaking tub centric cottage, i grabbed two bath bombs (dreamtime with locally raised lavendar buds and sex bomb with ylang ylang and jasmine) and the lovely lady custom mixed bubble baths to match.urbane zen also has a fantastic selection of sleep/loungware ranging from sweet and comfy to soft and sexy, as well extensive skin/body care selections for both men and women, candles and room scents, unique doggie accessories, baby/momma stuff and some kick-ass jewely - most (if not all?) of which is local. in this day and age, it ain't easy being zen. but urbane zen is a good place to start.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2007,6/29/2007,269,587,,6,1>I seldom give an establishment 5 stars, hell I gave Peter Lugers in Brooklyn 4 stars. But Ringside in Portland I would have to hit myself If I didn't give them 5 stars. Service was friendly, fast, knowledgeable, left you alone enough to enjoy your time...while water glasses and bread basket never was empty.  The restaurant itself is somewhat small, so I'm sure during peak dining hours you will need a reservation. It's very romantic and cozy, although I have  a feeling it could get loud given the size during peak dining times.  Anyway onto the steaks. We had a concert to catch at 7, so we had a rather early dinner at 5 pm. We lucked out too.   turns out they have an AWESOME Supper/Early Dinner and/or Late Dinner option. $25 includes Entree (a little smaller portion than regular entree that typically cost $25-40 alone), soup/salad (same size as regular orders that usually cost $7), and for $4 more you can get dessert (same size as regular desserts that usually cost $7 as well).  I ordered the prime rib, and my gf ordered the Tenderloin Medallions. My baked potato was delicious, although I wish they stuffed it for me rather than just giving us the toppings on the side, but that's no biggie.    My Prime rib was juicy, cut to order, and came with a nice amount of horseradish and Au Jus. Caesar Salad (i know it's just a salad) was prepared very well, and my potato leek soup w/dungeness crab was awesome. However, my gf hardcore lucked out. I guess that day they got their kobe-style beef delivery, and they had some left over that was not large enough to make steaks. So instead they used that for my gf's $25 tenderloin Medallions. So she ended up getting around $60 kobe-style beef, and although it's not something I'd pay that much more for...it still is definitely better than PRIME (which is already a magnificent cut of beef). The tenderloins were just amazing, only thing better would be actual Kobe beef in Japan (but at a much different price point).  The desserts were very good as well, i enjoyed my Bananas Foster, and my gf loved the fact that her chocolate cake/pie thing didn't use the typical cheapo Graham Cracker crust.   The complimentary valet parking is a nice addition as well. The only drawback to ringside steakhouse is their regular entree steak prices, which I find to be a little more pricey per ounce than other PRIME steakhouses. But for supper/early dinner or late dinner that $25 menu is hard to beat (our bill w/desserts, 2 glasses of wine & tip was $90).  BTW I'm someone who has been known to put down 1.5 kilo (3.3 lbs) of Florentine steak to myself, and I definitely did not leave hungry. ~G p.s. Although the environment is dressy, feel free to come in casual as you want..there is no dress code...which was nice because we came dressed for a concert and were received just as well as anyone else.
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2007,6/28/2007,278,486,3,5,3>Say what you will about them, but a pair of six-foot-wide eyes made out of white light-up tubing suspended in your front window is bound to make passersby stop and notice.  As soon as I glanced up at them, they locked on, pulling me into the store with some kind of retail tractor beam --- and if that hadn't done the trick, then the big, colorful strings of puffy paper lanterns hanging from the exterior corners of the building surely would have.  Cargo wants your attention, and it's not shy about it --- which is great, because it would be a shame to miss this bold, eclectic store full of Asian gewgaws and furniture.As soon as you walk in, you'll realize two things: a) it's much, much bigger than you realized, and b) it's quite awesome.  The front area of the store has novelty items, toys, handbags, and accessories; the front counter, where you bring your purchases, is also the jewelry department, with funky, bright pieces involving lots of silver and semi-precious stone.  I had a brief love affair with a HOOGE bracelet featuring five mini-quiche-sized faceted quartz crystals set in sterling silver, until I saw that it was $255.  The salespeople were very kind and let me prance around shooting imaginary laser beams with it until I got bored and brought it back.  But you can also get an affordable, cute stone bead bracelet for $14, so there's something there for all budgets.In the back, and upstairs, is furniture, most of it with a heavy Asian flair.  There are giant lacquered cabinets, behemoth sideboards and wardrobes, and hefty, colorfully painted coffee tables.  Smaller rooms in the back have carved and painted screens, and the occasional painting of a saluting Mao.  Upstairs, they also have magic carpets, IKEA-cheap colored glass vases, and a bunch of anatomically correct, dismembered wooden mannequins piled in a corner.  Against one wall is a bunch of painted and embellished doors, which look very cool displayed in the store and would probably look very cool in your home.It will take you a good hour or more to wander both humongous floors admiring everything, whether or not you intend to buy.  But between the home decor, creepy wind-up metal toys, and artsy jewelry, it would be pretty surprising if you didn't find something that you just had to have.  The salespeople were very helpful (although I didn't see the pair of Corgis that others have mentioned), and wrapped up my small purchase in a very cute handmade gift bag with tissue paper.  And, of course, no sales tax!Cargo is a major highlight of the Pearl district's shopping, and fortunately, it's pretty darn easy to spot, what with the giant glowing eyes and the lantern chains.  You have no excuse for not stopping by here if you're in the area --- some might say it's worth a trip to Portland in and of itself, especially if you're looking for bold, room-defining Asian furniture pieces.  Just make sure to invite your friend who owns a truck, because you're going to need it.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2007,6/27/2007,46,111,3,14,7>If you haven't tried the Amtrak train ride from Portland to Seattle you're missin' out!Me and Colleen The Vinyl Queen took the trip, the train left Portland at 8:45 AM and arrived in Seattle around noon.  We played around Seattle and then returned that same afternoon at 5:30PM and arrived in Portland at 9:20PM.  So, it's about 3-4 hours each way.  Both ways the train was close to on time. This also makes a great overnight trip.  In the past we've stayed at a downtown hotel and returned to Portland the next day.  Not having to deal with a car really works since the train station in both cities is downtown. The train is very nice, we went "Business Class" which is a little better, more space, not as many kiddies.  But there doesn't seem to be much difference. It costs about $40 each way for Business Class.  I believe the charge for business class was about $25 extra for the roundtrip, for each of us. They have a snack car where you can get coffee, soft drinks, sandwiches (packaged), candy, beer and some mixed drinks (prepackaged like on an airplane). The view between Portland and Seattle is quite cool.  We brought our own cocktails (but you're not supposed to, so keep it on the downlow)! It's also good to have a few snacks on your own, the snack car runs out of things towards the end of the trip both ways and sometimes there is a big line.We understand that if you stay overnight in Seattle there's an Amtrak that goes on up into Canada the next day.  That's our next one, will let you know how it goes!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2007,6/25/2007,14,55,4,4,2>"La dee la da dee, here you go lovely lady!"Yes!  In my Monday death drone look on the way to the office, I had a spunky young man sing this to me.  Great coffee, quick service and if you want to see energetic college kids in Abercrombie gear working to pay for their tuition, there they are!!My medium vanilla latte is only $3.  And I swear it's the cup lids that psychologically make you come back!  They are shaped like what toddlers have on sippy cups - can anyone say deprived as a child from breastfeeding?!Just drive on through either side of the coffee stand - across from Haagen's Grocery on Tualatiin-Sherwood Road.TIP:  Yes, you should do that for these kids!
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2007,6/24/2007,617,1242,4,10,9>Oh yes.  Maybe the donuts are just donuts.  If you were blind eating here, you might think that.  But really this place is an experience.  I've never seen such a collection of such gloom and goth in one place.  And wait till you see the donuts!  Yes, that's me in the picture, eating a blood filled voodoo donut.  And yes, the inside of this donut shop looks like a dusty cellar decorated for Halloween.  And while this place is opened late for the post partying munchies, I was here for the Rose Parade and happened to stop in.  Maybe Voodoo Doughnut is just a 3 star donut hole, but it gets an extra star for character and another star for creativity--you're simply not going to find another Voodoo Doughnut.
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2007,6/23/2007,149,374,1,11,4>The B E S T and B I G G E S T bookstore I have ever been to.  I can literary spend a whole day here just browsing and getting lost in the wonderful land of books.  Don't rush your trip to the bookstore and make sure you have plenty of time to look around because there's so much to see and so much you can find.  Powell's City of Books has 9 rooms on 4 floors, it's 77,000 square feet and has over 1,000,000 books in stock (new, used and out-of-print) :-)!      Here's an example of categories you can find in each of the rooms:          1. The Pearl Room: Art, Drama, Dance, Music, Photography,   Film and Architecture.  Also has a 'rare book' section and an art gallery.            2.  The Red Room: Psychology, Mythology, Travel Guides/Maps, Health, and Foreign Languages.  Also has a wide section for Eastern Religion and Christianity.            3.  The Purple Room: Philosophy, Anthropology, Archeology, Ethic Studies, U.S. History, Crime/Law, Sociology and Feminist Studies.  This is where the bathrooms for both men and women are.          4.  The Rose Room: Children's, Parenting, Young Adult, Pets and Games.  This room has an ATM.          5.  The Orange Room: Gardening, Careers, Business, Cooking and Crafts/Collectibles.  Also has a great selection of Powell's souvenirs including water bottles, t-shirts, sweatshirts, baby onesies and calendars.          6.  The Gold Room: Manga, Mysteries, Erotica, Romance, Sci-Fi and Horror.  The Horror Stories Anthology section is tiny, but there were still a few books that I was interested in buying.            7.  The Coffee Room: Humor, Graphic Novels and Audio Books.  Coffee or tea, anyone?          8.  The Blue Room: Literature, Poetry, Small Press, and References.            9.  The Green Room: New Arrivals and Magazines.  There's also an information booth and a whole row of cashiers.  This bookstore is *AWESERIFFIC, I've never seen anything like it before.  Will definitely be back here again when I'm in Portland.  *Aweseriffic: something beyond the level of awesomeness (definition found in the Urban Dictionary purchased at Powell's).
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2007,6/22/2007,7,5,5,5,3>For the love of god stop going to Starbucks and get a coffee from Kevin instead. Or even a wine, what the hell. Good snacks, wireless, lovely art, nice folks. Sit outside and watch the tourists get off the streetcar, but try not to get run over by the big smelly homeless guy with the shopping cart. He's mean.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,6/21/2007,30,512,3,5,5>It's taken me awhile to catch on to gelato.  I can't help but notice that there are hardly any independent ice cream shops (r.i.p. Scooter's) in town, yet the place is teeming with places that preach the Italian trinity of Espresso, Panini, Gelato.  Suffice to say, that when it comes down to it, gelato is a delicious sweet treat, and I've recently come around to it in a big way after trying the gelato affogato at Staccato.  Two scoops of gelato (any flavor! I love hazelnut and cinnamon!) with a shot of espresso over it has quickly pushed gelato up in my perception of this sweet treat.  Staccato is a colorful, unpretentious gelato shop on the 28th stretch.  They also have fresh baked donuts on the weekends.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2007,6/20/2007,95,26,4,4,4>Montage is fabulous for people watching, late night drunk dining, and spicy cajun food.  Watch over-the-top too cool for school hipsters coyly sweep their long bangs from their eyes  and  look melancholy.  I ordered the gator jumbalaya-- it was great...kinda tasted like a gamy fish chicken.  The staff's communication consists of the line cooks yelling like pirates and the staff barking across the room. It's entertaining, but if it's right in your ear..you kinda want to fist her in the baby beans. Leftovers are creatively made into tinfoil figures--flowers, animals, mammary glands, whatever. My leftovers were magically transformed into a swan, which I wore around my neck Bjork style. Many men eyed me, acknowledged in their hearts that I was future ex-wife material. I winked and sauntered to the bar with my tinfoil bling. As far as late night eats, this joint is one of the best in P-town. Angie Approved.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2007,6/19/2007,18,22,,10,7>Despite this place being small, they have an excellent selection of flowers as well as some really cool potted plants.  Although it is a pretty small area, when you walk downstairs into the shop, it has a really nice cozy feel to it.  I called almost every florist on the west side of PDX and this was the only one that carried a money tree that I so needed to get my boyfriend.    The employees working there were really nice, knowledgeable and incredibly helpful.  I picked out my plant and asked if I could switch it to a different pot which they were really nice about doing for me.  They even decorated the base of the plant with some cool rocks that matched the pot...without charging me anything extra - I was stoked!
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,1/8/2011,637,638,15,11,14>I have a staring problem. Hot guys, strange people...but mostly food. I'm on a diet so I covet a lot of food...and fixate on it when other people get it. Here at Cadillac is was a purple smoothie that kept zipping by me to other peoples tables. About mid way through my meal one appeared at my table...Did my waiter read my mind? Did I have an out of body experience where I ordered this beautiful drink? Seeing my dismay my Server spoke up  " I saw you watching this so I figured I'd bring you one "..I love you. If only all the men in my life operated on this notion. I ordered the Mazalan, which is more or less an open faced breakfast burrito to die for. I am a burrito enthusiast and this did not disappointed. Not to greasy even which is an added bonus. Portlanders love breakfast..and they love the Cadillac Cafe. Luckily it is big enough to handle the crowd and the staff is a well oiled breakfast machine. I often times dread going to breakfast because I know a long wait till undoubtedly meet me there. I was pleased with my wait time here and was seated almost immediately. :)
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2010,1/7/2011,426,1757,22,29,24>If In-N-Out and Five Guys Burger and Fries had a baby and sent it to culinary school, with a minor in art, then the result would look something like this. My adoration of In-N-Out is well documented and Little Big Burger has the same simplified menu. There are only six items: cheeseburger, hamburger, veggie burger, fries, soda and a root beer float. When I hopefully inquired if there were other items (wink, wink) "off menu," I was told not yet. You have your choice of Tillamook cheddar, Swiss, rouge chèvre or blue cheese. My personal favorite is havarti, so fingers crossed that is added to the rotation.The burger is a smaller version of the Yakuza burger [1], served to great acclaim at another Micah Camden restaurant. But rather than pay $12 at Yakuza, the cheeseburger here is $3.75. Some call it a slider, but it is a bit bigger than that (4 oz.). It is truly a 'Little Big Burger.'In addition to the official menu, they have almost two dozen beers for sale, so there is definitely an adult twist to the place. Where Five Guys influence comes in is food delivery. Whether you dine in or grab your food to go, it is served in a paper sack. This irks me at Five Guys and it does here as well. But at least the chef had a nice explanation, "We want everyone to experience the magical moment when they open the bag." The decor is perfectly Pearl. Love the graphic art with vivid yellow on black and white by local artist, Damien Gilley. The beer cans lining two walls make an equally (and very Portland) artistic statement. It sounds like an odd suggestion, but make sure you take the art walk to the bathroom. My visit was on a Sunday afternoon so I caught them at a good time and there was no waiting. I was able to chat with both the counter staff and chefs (Matt was great) since there are seats by the open kitchen. Everyone was incredibly pleasant, fun and excited about their new venture which just opened on Thursday.Make sure you order the truffle fries and sample Camden's Blue Label Catsup. Made by the owner, it is ketchup with a kick and I can't wait until they sell it because it has put all other ketchups to shame. The pickles from Picklopolis add just the right touch.My visit was a complete success. Do not go in expecting a Five Guys gut bomb or In-N-Out's off-menu secrets. Go to LBB when you want to satisfy your burger craving with an elegant twist. A locally sourced burger and truffle fries for $6.50. Oh, yeah![1] Best Kobe burger as selected by Portland Monthly: portlandmonthlymag.com/e
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,1/6/2011,241,429,18,20,18>There's been a lot of griping about Trimet on here of late and in response I must say, suck it, fools.  I don't know what YOUR problem is but I very rarely have trouble catching buses and maxes.  Maybe this is due to my use of the truly excellent PDXBus app (if you have an iPhone and may ever ride Trimet, GET THIS APP. It's free.)  Come to think of it, there is an awful lot of static relating to the schedule.Dig this, shit happens. Trimet is generous with the information resources, use them. While you're at it, try somewhere with a truly crappy transit system.  Like, oh, Wilsonville with its 6 lines of half hourly service that seem to only run during rush hour.  Maybe some miserable excuses for towns only need to get cheap labor in and out of corporate parks, but real cities need real transit.That said, Trimet has one problem, the Amalgamated Transit Union, Local 757.  While I've never had a really bad driver I do run across a fair number of rude or inattentive ones.  So after you get the bus app, store customerservice at trimet dot org for really bad moments.  Hopefully it does some good.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2010,1/5/2011,273,418,18,16,14>You see that up there folks? Over 250 reviews and still averaging a 4.5ish stars, you should be impressed. If I updated my review everytime I came here I'd be spamming it up, so let me just give you a handy list of what keeps me coming back. - The hostess knew my name on my 2nd or 3rd visit: As someone that can barely remember my own name, this is impressive. It also demonstrates just how much they care about their customers. - You can drink your coffee while you wait, and hang outside with other umm...waiters. - The specials seem to constantly be new and innovative dishes. - I often sit at the bar: kudos to the bartender for being consistently witty/funny/amusing...even when it's extremely busy and even when I'm reading Ayn Rand in front of him. - I finally came here for dinner once, and I can now say it's just as noteworthy as the brunch! - Everyone that works here looks/acts like they genuinely care about the place, and YOU. - I rarely can finish a dish here...it's rare that a place with food of this quality also gives you so much quantity. (I'm still in the college mode of prizing leftovers like unobtainium so this is pretty great for me) - I'm still filled with lust when I see someone order the Chicken and Waffle, it feeeels like the firrrrssssst tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiime!Keep up the good work guys, see you next weekend.
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,1/4/2011,121,1306,13,14,12>My first foray into the world of big kid bicycles was when I was probably five or six. I remember not so much my age, but how insanely awesome my first bike was. Strawberry Shortcake. Yeah, you read that right.She was -the shit- at that age (next to Rainbow Brite, of course), and I was all too excited to have her plastered over my first bike. I rocked training wheels with pink rims, and I wouldn't be surprised if it had streamers. Ultimately, those training wheels came off, and I was one independent little girl, taking to the streets when I saw fit. Lessons were learned with that trusty steed of mine. I kept leaving it at the end of the driveway. My dad would constantly scold me, "Shell, you -need- to put your bike away when you're done." Then I'd be a super awesome kid and sulk and go grab it and pull it into the garage. This happened repeatedly because naturally who likes to listen to their parents, right? That was until the fateful day when my dad forgot to remind me, and I didn't have the habit ingrained in my memory. I was playing in the yard. I remember hearing the sound of my parents' Camaro starting. I remember hearing the vivid crunch of crushed metal. I turned in horror to see a pink rim bent underneath the Camaro's tire. Alas, I should have heeded my dad's warnings. I sobbed. I ran and hid. Yet neither brought back my beloved bike. I held the memories of that Strawberry Shortcake bicycle close to my heart--until now. I've been in the market for a bike since I moved to PDX, no longer commuting from hell (read: the 'burbs of Washington). It made sense. Before you say, "How very Portland of you!" I didn't do it for green, sustainable reasons, unless you count biking to help sustain my burrito and whiskey diet. A journey all over our dear city yielded a TON of shops, yet mostly a fruitless endeavor. You see, if you don't know me, I'm short. To make matters worse, I have this long torso vs. short legs thing going on. Most shops we checked didn't have anything smaller than 49cm in stock--understandable, yet annoying. I haven't really been on a bike too much in recent years, so I definitely needed to test ride and be fitted. The second to last stop of the adventure led me to Cascade. It's close to my house, and it's a tiny shop. They have a handful of stuff in stock, will order anything they don't have, but definitely love customizing stuff. Patrick acknowledged our presence from the back while working on a bike, and let us look around. When he saw we were looking intently, he asked what we were in the market for. I just wanted something to take to and from the bar, the park, or maybe the store. Nothing fancy. Nothing hardcore. Yet I didn't want something horribly made, so I'd spend a lot of time having it fixed. I explained my vertically challenged problem, too. He assessed the situation quickly, mentioning that his girlfriend is pretty much in the same boat as me, and pulled out a 47cm SE Draft Lite. Talk about cheap! He explained that for what I was looking for, this cheap little bike would be more than enough to get me back from a night of whiskey. He did suggest if I ended up taking it out more than just every so often, he might suggest the next level up--the SE Lager, which they'd have to order. I tested the Draft Lite. I liked it. It fit well. It was even better than the expensive thing they had me test earlier in the day out in Lake O. Funny how that works. My ass prefers cheap things, what can I say?I left after the test ride to mull it over. Within a week, I knew I'd be back to order up the SE Lager. After putting half down, and waiting a few days (this thing had to come from Pennsylvania after all), Patrick called up saying he should have my bike built and ready to go by Thursday, a little less than a week after it was ordered. Since they close the shop at 6pm every day, I knew I'd have to break out of the office a little early. I called in advance to make sure they had indeed gotten it as planned. "Hello Michelle," was what I received when I called. Talk about eerily awesome customer service. Patrick was almost more psyched about my bike than I was. He hadn't seen my color scheme before (blue and brown), and was even thinking about getting one for his girlfriend. When I arrived, he adjusted it to fit me, and I paid up and we were on our way. On top of the superior customer service, I get 20% off anything I buy for the next 30 days, after that it's 10% for life. There are always free fitting adjustments. Anything I buy gets free installation. I'm pretty sure there was other stuff that I'm forgetting, too. This shop -is- the epitome of awesome, and I'm really glad I made a stop in during Find-A-Bike 2009. Since I've traded up my pink rims for bright blue, I just need to remember to keep the bike out of the end the driveway. RIP Strawberry Shortcake.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2010,1/3/2011,126,2155,17,17,14>If the sad day ever comes that I'm forced to leave Portland, I think this bar will be the thing I miss most about this entire city. Yeah, I said it.Tube has undergone a few changes over the years, bar move from one wall to the other. Kitchen space opened up. Walls knocked down...etc. All that aside, what it is -now- is what matters. Toted by many, many people as a complete hipster bar, I have to say that's probably less than 50% accurate. Most of the time (save for Friday nights) the crowd is dirty metal rock dudes listening to, you guessed it, metal. The staff members reflect this and come from all walks of life with histories that strangely seem to weave in and out of my own. As I was saying about Friday nights, it's Hot Mess, which is probably the most poppin' dance party in town that doesn't reek of Giorgio Armani, or CK1. The rest of the weekend crowd, for awhile, was what we used to call "Dixie Overflow." People who got tired of waiting in that long line and just wanted a drink. The problem with those folks was that they tended to start fights, with each other, of all people. Such goons. Since then, the door staff has imposed faux cover charges to deter that crowd from coming in. Love it. The rest of the week features awesome soul nights, heavy Metal ladies night on Monday and random DJ's spinning analog recordings of analog instruments...etc. If you give Tube a chance, I think you'll not find it as die hard hipster as it's made out to be. Loud? Yes. Counter culture crowd from what you normally see crawling the streets of downtown? Hell yes.Over the last three years, I've seen a lot of shit at Tube. A lot of shit. Some more illegal than others. The bathroom just might be the scummiest place I've ever set foot in but it has history, too. History that some girl's mothers would not be proud to hear. I'll let you fill in the blanks. In the year of our lord, 2007, when myself and the rest of the Portland BMX crowd would completely take that bar over every weekend for a solid year straight, the party was really jumping. Everyone knew each other and became regulars at a bar in a section of town that isn't quite known for having regulars. (Beaverton going to Dirty and Barracuda once a week, I'm looking at you.) After that completely insane year, the staff knew us and we knew the staff. There became a mutual respect that transcended into something so strong that any regular was ready and willing to assist the staff in the event of a security issue, if need be. (You know, when the D-bags from Dixie and Dirty would try to kill each other.) Even if it was just to stand there as a potential back up or to clear a hole in the crowd as I and others have done many, many times. I guess I could wax poetic for hours about all the stories and crazy, crazy nights (and sometimes sun up mornings) that happened here, but that would cheapen the memories and probably make you feel like I'm some damned Tube elitist. Well, I am. So screw your opinion. When you go fishing and BBQin' and knife making with the fine gentlemen who slang dranks behind your favorite bar, you let me know.Tube's extremely friendly staff serves up amazingly stiff drinks for very little money. Features a happy hour EVERY DAY from 5pm to 10pm ($2 hamms tall boys, $2 wells). Cheap eats, vegan eats and now a decent brunch on Saturday and Sunday "mornings" 11am-4pm. You're guaranteed to see some of the weirdest shit ever recorded on the monitors behind the bar and if you let your guard down a bit and let the drinks flow, you're guaranteed to have a good time. Let's be honest here, hipster bar or not, what other bar in this city pops off this hard every. single. night. of. the. week? I bet you can't find a better answer.Tube, they can hate you as much as they want. I love you just the way you are.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,1/2/2011,376,599,27,25,27>If you pit a taco against just about anything, the taco always wins.* Despite its slight stature and humble origins, the taco is a worthy opponent in any battle and should not be underestimated. A few examples, all terribly accurate:Tacos vs. Lando Calrissian: Yes, General Calrissian is a hero to the Rebel Alliance and therefore the universe, but did you know that prior to receiving his distinction, he was a compulsive gambler and married mainly for the woman's money? Who wants to eat a gold-digger? Tacos win.Tacos vs. the Khmer Rouge: The notoriously violent former regime in Cambodia just doesn't have any friends. Tacos, on the other hand, are friends to all despite intellectual and class status. Tacos win.Tacos vs. that bitchy girl on the bus in eighth grade: She's probably got cankles and is saddled with three brats even more heinous than herself. Tacos are only fat with deliciousness. Tacos win.So what happens if you situate tacos in the middle of an ongoing and mostly tragic strife between disenfranchised minority groups who have historically competed over space and limited resources in specific areas? I am speaking, of course, about gang warfare between Mexican and Korean ethnic groups in concentrated urban sectors. I am also, of course, pulling this information straight out of my ass, as I know as much about gang wars as I could glean from Boyz in the Hood and rap from the 90s. My point, however, is that the intersection between Mexican and Korean cultures probably never would have occurred for mass consumption had it not been for some crazy folks heading to the U.S. in pursuit of the great and bizarre American dream. Its birthplace may be Los Angeles, but the place where the hybrid has really hit its stride is the Koi Fusion cart.I'll level with you - there is definitely better Korean-style flavored meat in the city. There's even better Korean-flaired fare in cart form, if the NAMU cart is any indication. But then what did we discuss earlier in this review? Tacos win all the time, every time. So you put some bulgogi and de-boned short ribs into a tortilla, add some texture with bean sprouts then serve it up with a side of kimchi, and you've got a fricking genius victory across national and political lines, my friend. You also have to appreciate the insouciant wandering wheels of Koi Fusion. It's there to help my lunchtime pangs in NE Portland on Thursday afternoons, but if I'm beer hungry after a Timbers game, it's where I need it on the west side. Nothing tastes better than a Timbers win and a short rib taco. You can stack that combo up against Lando and Han or Vader and Emperor Palpatine or Pol Pot and the bitch from eighth grade and it will always come out on top. *Obviously, it is futile to match even the mightiest of tacos** against Chuck Norris. Even the dead know that. Especially the dead.**It would be remiss not to point out that Koi Fusion also has burritos. Though burritos come from a proud heritage all their own, I just don't care. Some argue the burrito's superiority over the taco, but with an attention span like mine (seriously, this review took hours to write), the taco's insta-gratification still wins.
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2010,1/1/2011,109,677,41,30,30>After more than six years, three units in the same building, countless parties (some that we don't talk about), debauchery, roommates, pets, snowed-in days, scandal, noise complaints, police activity, wood rot, disintegrating shower walls, great times and hard times, I'm finally saying goodbye to the Gladstone Court Apartments.  But not without a recap.  It's a magically shitty place, at once the greatest and worst place I've ever lived.  It's seen some wear and tear.  Some drama.  A safe haven and for a while there, a rotating door of my dearest darling neighbors living in one or more of the units (including mine... repeatedly).  12-hour dance party sessions playing records, drinking bubbly, and sneaking into the beautiful rose garden that fills the swale in the middle of the courtyard to steal flowers.  I was once pushed into that garden in a shopping cart, during an ice storm in 2005, and landed tits up in the thorny bushes.  No one batted an eyelash.  The actual apartment is a Monet situation.  It looks lovely from afar.  It's huge, with hardwoods and a fireplace, large windows in every room and nice built-ins, a front and back stoop.  But don't look too closely or you'll see the cracks, tears, broken fixtures, mold in the walls, stains on the floor.  It's old.  Very old, and thank God for that because then it's 'charming' not 'a shithole', right?  Over the years, the landlord/maintenance crew have become like family, which is good, because then I can't get too mad at them when they come over to fix something and inevitably break 3 more things while they're there.  My kitchen floor tile was shattered when I moved in, and I waited over a year for them to replace.  Which they did... very nice, but in turn put a giant hole in my windowsill and somehow managed to splinter the kitchen door frame into a thousand shards, sticking out every which way.  The trade-off?  I don't get in trouble if the rent's a few days late.  Worth it?  Debatable.  I didn't have a shower for a month.  Luckily Neighbor Neal still had the unit across the courtyard then, so picture me scampering across a snowy yard in a bathrobe, running inside to use their facilities.  I had a super weird neighbor to the east of my unit, nice enough young kid who loved cats, but then when he moved out, they found syringes all over his place.  Great.  I lived next to a heroin addict and didn't even know it.  Far too busy hosting fabulously-themed cocktail parties all the time, I guess.I am so attached to this neighborhood, it's going to be hard to leave it.  Basically any amenity a gal could ever need is within walking distance.  It's on several major bus lines that go virtually anywhere in the city, lickety-split.  The brick building has 16 units, with shared laundry in the basement,  a few storage spaces, and a small yard on the south side.  Summing up 6 years of memories and current experience with Ye Old Courts could potentially fill up an entire book, so I'll end it off with a couple of lists.  Best Players: -Screaming Sideburns Guy from assisted living home around the corner-Bat-shit crazy roommate from 2004 who showed up drunk on my porch five years later-10-12 (at any given time) street cats loitering on my stoop-Mustachioed Chocolate Man (yelp.com/biz/neapolitan-)-Uncle Tony (yelp.com/biz/uncle-tonys) -Barber Dan (yelp.com/biz/barber-dans)Best WTF Moments:-Waking up to Cardboard Bond wearing a Snuggie in the bathroom, which was covered in Saltines.-Giant tree limb bursting through the window during a storm while I was watching "One Tree Hill" (true story, I swear), glass everywhere.  -Coming home to one or more doors unlocked, several times a week, for months.  Nothing ever missing.  Total mystery.  -The north bedroom wall literally crumbling to the floor overnight.  -String of awesome pizza-delivery luck, we kept getting other peoples' orders left on the doorstep during a snowstorm.  -Hoards of protesters harassing an OHSU employee who lived here, allegedly an evil scientist.  Best of the Best:  -walking distance to my local yokel watering holes-right in between two fine parks and various trails  -very loose interpretations of things like "leases", "deposits", and "fire safety codes" -moving the furniture aside to make room for all-night dance parties-Neighbor Ben, Neighbor Neal, and bringing my current furry roommate, Tiny, home from the shelter.  -When Emilie moved into #1So long, Gladstone Courts.  Thanks for the memories, the mold poisoning, and being the place where I learned how to pull my life back together after I found myself suddenly very alone a few years back.  I sincerely hope whomever gets my apartment next will appreciate the awesome.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2010,12/31/2010,123,492,41,28,26>Home of the famous cheese bowl.  What's that?  Never heard of it?  Neither had I.The Bud and I recently switched to this clinic after our previous vet decided to focus more on wildlife.  While we were sad to see her go, we were thrilled for the opportunity to switch to a clinic within walking distance of home.  We read great things here on Yelp, so we decided to go with the Yeeps.Now, about that cheese bowl...Dr. Bussman needed to distract Spike while doing some needle aspirations, so she took a small glass bowl, went around the inside a few time with a can of Easy Cheese® FDA approved food like product, and then smeared it all over the bowl.  She then set Spike loose on it.  While Spike fixated on licking up every precious drop of glow-in-the-dark orange Easy Cheese from the bowl, the vet was free to pull fluids out of a suspicious bump on his junk, completely undisturbed by his biting parts.  I've never seen anything like it before.  Apparently, in the doggieverse, Easy Cheese product trumps penis needle.  Whodathunk?  I welcome this sort of outside the box thinking.  The "exam" room we were in was massive, and fully furnished, and not at all your typical 3-by-3 exam room.  All procedures were done in front of us, and all costs were discussed before proceeding.  No surprises.  Well, except I don't think I can look at a can of Easy Cheese the same again.  Clearly it has mystical powers, and clearly Kraft Foods has missed a major marketing opportunity.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2010,12/30/2010,46,86,6,7,5>It was a Bun Bo Hue hunt and we stumbled upon this place because all the other places we tried were either closed or ran out of food. Everything happens for a reason because we found a good place!Give me a:B: best in town (quite possibly)U: unbelievable, they actually had mam ruot! (fermented anchovie) and super SPICY peppers.As authentic as it gets!!N: Noodles galore! I loved the noodles at this place, cooked to perfect, so yummy! I might even like it better than pho noodle....ok..it's a tossed-up.B: bon appetite! The minute you step in this hole in the wall place, your nose is filled with aww yeah...yummy authentic Viet food. I felt like I was back in Vietnam!O: Ordinary? I think not! They served your bowl of noddle with a large portion of all the true to Vietnamese food vegetables. Banana flower shred, bean sprout, yummy herbs that goes oh so perfectly with soup.H: Happy tummy = happy me. I was quite satisfied with my bowl because for the price of only $6.50 you are FULLED and I mean, I should've eaten only half and save the rest for dinner because I was ready for a nap right after.U: Un-beatable....quite possibly the best I've tasted thus far...well....I'm a pig...I wish there was more pork blood cubes. But their service was definitely un-beatable compared to other hole in the wall placeE: Excellent. Overall an excellent hole in the wall Bun Bo Hue. I love that they don't skim on the vegetables (I hate restaurants that do that), and they have a bit of everything I like in the soup. It was spicy, flavored just right, service was not rude (thank goodness), and felt just like home!
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2011,6/28/2011,147,332,5,15,11>Wow! This place has been on my list for 2 years. I bookmarked it when Don B. and others called our attention to the "authentic Sichuan" out in the boonies of East Portland. We tried. We stopped at the Powell location more than twice but it was always closed. We were excited to hear it was moving to Hawthorne, but were disappointed to hear initial reports about wildly inconsistent food and service. Nevertheless, as someone who has been making his own version of MaPo Tofu for years, I needed to check out what I was hearing to be, the real deal.S.U. and I started with some basic stuff: seafood pancake, pot stickers, and eggrolls. The pot stickers and eggrolls were excellent but, that shouldn't be too hard for a Chinese Restaurant. The seafood pancake was dynamite! Get it.For our mains: MaPo and a tofu/ bokchoy. Both excellent. The MaPo was dusted with, what the menu called, prickly ash but (should be) also called Sichuan peppercorns. These 'numbing' peppers in addition to the regular hot peppers, give the dish its amazing taste. Yup! Amazing! I'll be modifying my own recipe, for sure.We're glad we finally made it in. The place was crowded and the service was fine, don't be scared away. We will certainly be back for another crack at the MaPo Tofu and to try the rib dish we saw others eating. Good job!If you care:   Prickly ash is a spice that can come from several varieties of Zanthoxylum, one of which (Zanthoxylum piperitum) is called Sichuan peppercorn. For many years, importation from China was forbidden due to the possibility of introducing a citrus fungus to America but now they pasteurize the seeds and they're allowed to bring it in.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,6/27/2011,89,213,6,8,12>Sweet baby jesus!! the "kitchen" burger is BY FAR the best burger in portland and the first i have had in portland that has not been over-rated (see slow bar burger) or over-cooked (see slow bar burger or produce row burger).  Perfectly cooked medium rare as burgers should be, the ciabatta bun the ideal smooshiness, a black truffle aioli like i have never seen on a burger before, shallot jam i could have licked off the outside sidewalk (if you have seen the passer byers at cassidys, you know this is a huge statement) and  havarti, a cheese i never knew i  loved until this burger. what rivaled the burger was possibly the most amazing sauce i have ever had, and as a sauce campeona, this too is a big statement: the green garlic curry which came soaking some flawless mussels.  it will require exactly 4 bread orders for three relatively piggy sauce aficionados to soak all the sauce, but the wait staff so quick you won't have to wait long between loaves.  also ridicadicdic was the grilled romaine salad.our servers had the rare combo of efficiency, friendliness and speed i haven't seen in portland in far too long and while we were there in between happy hours, it was not too spendy and it was so so so worth it.  and all this in a dark, cool sexy space...would be a waste to come here drunk late night and possibly let your inebriation impact your taste buds' abilities to cherish every last fucking bite.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,6/26/2011,148,236,17,18,16>You know what sucks about the west coast?  The donuts.  People out here get so damn excited by that pink box.  I just want to puke in it.  West coast donuts are chewy, overly sweet and not terribly creative in their formulation.  It's hard to believe I'm saying this, but they're not really worth the calories.  Thank god above for the saints at Sesame Donut who managed to preserve the time honored recipes that our forebears brought from Boston back in the 1970's.  Powdered donuts filled with white fluff?  Damn right.  Delicious cake donuts chock full of artificial fruit flavoring?  You betcha.  Any sign of an over sized maple bar with nothing in it?  Hells no!Thank you, Sesame, for doing a necessary and patriotic duty.  Your service to your city shall not be forgotten.
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,6/25/2011,265,215,9,18,11>I lived with this girl several years ago. We both waited tables for a living, and while I drank massive amounts of booze and stayed out til the sun came up, Erin went to massage therapy school. As I continued waiting tables and drinking massive amounts every night, she finished school, traveled to Thailand, and eventually left the service industry and started doing Thai Massage full time. Now, a few years later, I still work in the service industry, though now I drink less and work more. And Erin, my old roommate, is still traveling to Thailand to study the ancient art of massage and offering the most amazing massages at the Naga Center. I went to her a few months ago, super excited but kind of nervous--I had heard that Thai Massage was basically like yoga, with lots of stretching and crazy poses. I needn't have worried. My massage was AMAZING. The center was peaceful with soft background music, dim lighting, and gentle incense scents wafting through the air. Erin started moving me and pulling me and it was like a really peaceful intense workout. Sounds weird, but it was awesome. When she finished, I thought to myself, "Geez, that was a quick 30 minutes. I wish it could have gone on FOREVER."  When I looked at my phone (because who wears a watch anymore?), I saw that the full 90 minutes had elapsed. I was in shock; it certainly didn't feel that long. These days, I'm still running around a restaurant, often for nine or ten hours at a time. There is no one I'd rather go to that Erin at the Naga Center to help center me and melt away the impact of stress. It is a little expensive, but it is so worth it. I haven't been to anyone else there, and I of course have my loyalty to my old roommate (Why couldn't she have done Thai Massage when we lived together? WHY?!....Ah well,  probably for the best, as the alcohol seeping through my pores wouldn't have been pleasant for anyone.), but I have a feeling everyone who works there is fantastic. I wholeheartedly recommend The Naga Center, and especially Erin, to anyone in Portland who is looking for an incredible massage.
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,6/24/2011,302,646,10,12,9>Baked! is a walk up window that sells ONLY baked mac and cheese. Their menu is simple and divided into meat and vegetarian categories (I can't remember if there is a vegan option, but don't quote me on this). $6 gets you a very generous amount of ultra gooey, melty goodness. I tried the "garlic and broc" which had huge cloves of garlic in almost every bite. I love love love garlic (and subscribe to the belief that there's no such thing as too much garlic) so this was delicious. I consider myself to have a very healthy appetite (translation: I eat like a PIG) and I was thisclose to eating the entire tray but I couldn't fit in the last 3 bites so I regretfully threw it away. I'm kicking myself for that now because I live across town and can't just run down the street to get another serving!
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,6/23/2011,244,207,6,7,7>Melted-cheese-goodness!  I have had this little spot bookmarked since the day we found out we would be moving to Portland - I LOVE myself a good grilled cheese sandwich, and the options here seemed to be calling my name from a few states away! We finally managed to find our way over here on Saturday, hungry and ready for something tasty.  The Grilled Cheese Grill did not disappoint.  I enjoyed a delish grilled sandwich with provolone, tomatoes, pesto and salami.  It was SO good.  It had the perfect amount of bread-to-filling ratio, and the outside was perfectly crisp.  My only issue?  What to order next time...
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2011,6/22/2011,532,371,14,13,15>It's 7:20am and weirdly dark. Partly due to the spring forward DST shift, partly because I can barely keep my eyes open. I'm hungry. And all I can really see is the bright bold colors of somtum (green papaya salad) in front of me. It's not like I can't eat this at work everyday if I wanted, but here I am, craving. I guess that says somtum about Sotum Gai Yang. The simplicity, the flavors, the freshness, the sticky rice, the heat (they don't hold back if you tell them to bring it) and the roasted chicken.  I here, I mean I hear, there's more. Pad Kee Mao, Khao Soi, etc....need to go back soon, but will I be able to order anything else? Don't know. Don't know much, but I need to get a new song stuck in my head. Oh, but I do know they just opened a second cart, 3rd and Stark, looks like a metal box. They all do you say. For reals though, you'll understand if you see it. Somewhere on the OG cart I thought I saw mention...dark again, a millisecond nap...about this being a healthful diet....forget Jared and his never ending string of turkey subways....I could eat this every meal. Do I even know what I'm saying. No. Just typing. Not really saying anything. Ignore me, I'm tired....I'll wake up soon. Actually don't completely ignore me. Get Somtum or better yet Somtum Gai Yang (green papaya salad plus chicken). Red cart, next to the dump truck, a few carts up from Nong's. I'm sure this'll make sense to someone...okay stopping now. Somtum (It's fun to say, you should try it).
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,6/21/2011,58,56,10,8,10>Throughout my first year of teaching, I have learned numerous things:1) My classroom has a sneaky black-hole that nonchalantly sucks up and holds homework hostage.2) Blue Vis-à-vis pens are evil and I will never be capable of using one without looking like I went all Lady Macbeth on a Smurf.3) When a Jolly Rancher is on the line, even the shyest of shy student becomes competitive and is willing to answer questions about decimals, prepositional phrases, erosion, etc. 4) Outside of school, when asked the question "Do you have children?" it's not good to reply "Yes, 25 of them!"5) By Friday afternoon it's okay to say goodbye to the quiet, straight line and let the class dance out to the dismissal line singing the radio version of "Dynamite" by Taio Cruz.  (Don't judge...sometimes you just "gotta leeet go!")Perhaps the most important thing I have learned however, is that now more than ever caffeine truly does make me a better person.   With lesson planning, grading, teaching and attempting to balance a social life in between, my dependency for caffeine has increased immensely, so I have had to find notable locations to get my fix!  Thatcher's Coffee has no doubt become one of my safe havens in the Couve.  This place means serious business when it comes to coffee, which is noted by the funky coffee theme you discover upon entering this shop.  From old coffee cans being used as holders and decorations to chairs that are upholstered in burlap coffee sacks, there is truly a lot of coffee accents going on which helps tide you over until caffeine truly kicks in.As far as drinks go, Thatcher's serve up Ristretto coffee, Tea and a variety of Smoothies. I have tried a handful of their teas and some of the coffee options and to date my personal favorite is the Honey-Vanilla Latte. Yum! In addition to beverages, they also have a combination of Nuvrei and home-baked goods to satisfy your sweet tooth.  Overall the people working seem nice, they are not overly chatty but are friendly nonetheless. The space is open yet cozy and there is seating galore.  I usually bring papers to grade when I stop by and every time the place seems lively, which helps create a similar "atmosphere" to what I am use to.  While it is a cozy spot on those dark and dreary rainy days, I appreciate that one of the walls is like a garage door and opens up to let in the fresh air on the rare occasion that we have decent weather.  Something that is pretty nifty about Thatchers is the fact that they are a very community driven business.  In addition to using local products, you can tell they also value and promote local activities. They actually have a ginormous chalkboard wall that is a calendar full of local events in Vancouver and surrounding areas like Ridgefield and Camas.  I can't help but wish I had a calendar that big and obvious to keep everything in my life nice and organized!  Hmm, I suppose that leads me to one more discovery about teaching, steeling ideas is the best way to survive!  ...Guess who will be making a huge calendar in the near future?!?
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,6/20/2011,258,205,9,8,12>How strange...that the only bar in Portland where I truly feel that I can be my womanly self is also an arcade. I have yet to be hit on/pestered by any brohyms here, and thank Jeeez...I mean, the NBA Jam gods!! Seriously, the only conversations that have ever occurred between I, a genetic female, and the dudes, genetic males, have been about:1) Dune, the novel, and the series as a whole2) Dune, the film, as directed by David Lynch3) Frank Herbert's Dune, the Sci-Fi (SyFy? I haven't had cable in a while now) miniseries4) Pixel resolution5) Robots vs androids6) Comic book storesWhich is so refreshing, guys! I'm so glad you dudes are all such friendly, cool, and awesome geeks! Thanks Ground Kontrol for being just about the only bar in Portland that lets a girl have her beer in peace and video games.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2010,6/19/2011,107,111,6,14,9>Like any kid before Christmas, I had been looking forward to this day for months -- the day when Grain & Gristle, the collaborative venture of Ned Ludd co-founder Ben Meyer and Upright Brewing's Alex Ganum finally opened. Seriously, Upright, one of Portland's best new breweries to open in recent years, and Ned Ludd, quietly and unpretentiously establishing itself as one of Portland's top eateries, together in the same place at the same time. I was giddy with excitement.The space is definitely an extension of the Ned Ludd rustic western style. Nearly everything is wooden from floor to ceiling, like a ski lodge, or Kramer's apartment. (Wood, Jerry. Wood.) The other striking design element is the bar -- the rectangular bar area is thrust right into your face as you enter and is clearly the focus of the attention. And attentive we were: we went right over and took two seats at the bar, the only two vacant seats in the house. It appeared the bartender could use a little more experience handling the crowd, but the rest of the staff was friendly and happy to be there. As promised, about a quarter of the taps behind the bar belong to Upright, and that is a welcome sight. The Six was on the night I was there, as was an herbal seasonal brew. Both excellent as ever. They had a quality set of guest taps as well, with Coalition's Hanso Stout and Alameda's Rye Not. At $5 for 16 oz, though, the beer prices are a bit steeper than I'd like.On to the food. They have a lot of interesting items on the menu, all in roughly the $10 range, but I decided on the burger to get the gist of their talents. They use a lightly seasoned, coarsely ground beef (with a little onion, I believe) and serve it open on a brioche roll. They cooked it right, it had a good texture and the flavor worked well with the pickle pairing, but it wasn't anything too special. My friend was similarly pleased with the sausage & kraut he ordered. I look forward to trying the meatloaf and the mussel frites on subsequent visits.Like any kid at Christmas, the unbridled joy of anticipation whips itself into a frenzied climax and quickly subsides, and the new toys get intermingled with the old. It's never a revolutionary, life-changing experience; this is Portland, after all -- I now have yet another above average brewery/bar/restaurant within a short drive from my home. Still, this one's got Upright brews and an adventurous menu without being pretentious or crazy expensive (I'm looking at you, Spints), so I'm pretty content that I got everything I wanted.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,6/15/2012,104,65,17,10,12>Magic, indeed, Friends....magic, indeed.Here's a tale of 3 friends who decided they were seeking the Holy Grail of entertainment......boobs, breakfast and booze (the "3 B's," if you will) all before noon. "It can't be done," naysayers opposed. But it could, afterall- -anything is possible in Portland. Double-decker bicycles, mustaches, food carts, carbon-neutral everything...if the 3 B's is to be achieved, it's in this town. So, the search began....while sitting in my Corporate Dungeon and pillaging the heavily-monitored internet for local strip clubs open during the brunch hours. Finally....the call was made.....and the call was ANSWERED, Friends. -"Magic?"-"Yeah, hi...do you guys do weekend brunch?"-(super bitchy man voice) "Ugh, Honey....this is a STRIP club!"-"Yeah....do you do brunch?"-"Oh......yeah......we do."11:45 on that fateful Saturday we entered the Magic Gardens......but 2 girls and 2 guys.....with a dream close to being realized. (Why am I talking like this? Is it because of the upcoming Renaissance Fair? I don't know....but I'm creepy.) The bartender served us one of the best, from-scratch Bloody Marys that I've literally ever had....and I'm a legit alcoholic, so that's right from the ol' horse's mouth. If you like a heavy hand with the Worcestshire Sauce, Vodka and Horse Radish....get ready to open-mouth kiss this artist of the Booze Crafts. Fastforward 20 minutes and I'm sitting at the meat rack with a plate of eggs in my grill, a Bloody Mary in my hand, a stack of dollah-dollah bills y'all and a very enthusiastic "Pixie" telling me about her 4th of July weekend whilst waving her vag in my face. Checkmate.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,6/14/2012,187,281,7,21,16>We were looking for a place to meet some friends who were staying in Lake Oswego that would be convenient for all of us. Ronda thought of a Cena, and we were all glad she did. I hadn't been back since the delightful Elite event they hosted long ago.We arrived first and decided to get started with a bottle of wine. When Ronda began describing the qualities she was looking for in a red, our server suggested that he send over their wine expert. He knew just what she was describing and suggested a Zinfandel from WA that was reasonably priced and quite good. We liked it well enough to order a second bottle later in the evening. This is only one example of the excellent service we received from everyone at a Cena.We started with a couple of appetizers. The house-made mozzarella on the Caprese was great, as was the basil and olive oil. The tomatoes could have been better, but such is hard to come by this time of year. The Arancini croquettes were delightful. One of our friends devoured a plate of Saltimbocca (chicken cutlets) and the other seemed to enjoy her Vitello (veal chop). Ronda was very happy with her Lasagne and I can see why as she gave me a taste. I went with the Scottadito (grilled lamb chops) and I can't remember when I've been served better. The Tiramisu and Sea Salt Caramel Gelato rounded out a fabulous meal.I won't wait so long until I return next time.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,6/13/2012,47,96,15,10,10>If I am ever convicted of some sort of grisly crime that causes me to be put on death row, and on that long night before someone decides they're going to throw a switch that fries my brain pan, I hope that for my final meal, my jailers know the direction to Olympic Provisions.This is a three part review.1) Salumi - I first discovered Olympic Provisions what feels like about a year and half ago at the PSU Farmer's market.  From the first little bite of Cacciatore I was hooked.  To this day, a stick of either Sopressata or Cacciatore and a spicy Italian wine is my sweet spot in life.   I think at some point or another, I've tried every one but those remain my favorites.2) I've eaten at OP a few times and every time has been good weather.   Their location is rustic, and airy down in the Industrial area near the rivier and when they open up to the summer, it's glorious to order a chef's choice plate of charcuterie and drink a bottle of wine with friends.   One of these days I will actually make it to one of their pre-fix meals and feast in a gluttonous way.3) Mail order.   I'm not going to take away a star for this.  I'm really not.   I ordered the Opinel knife from their website.  For some reason it took 3 months to get from me.  They had not gotten their most recent shipment in from France.  I will blame this on Sarkozy and not OP.They also made up for it by sticking a Sopressata in my package.  I was so delighted that they probably could have stabbed me with the knife I ordered and I would not have cared.SO  all that said, I love Olympic Provisions.  I have no problem squealing like a fanboy standing in line for Spiderman then actually meeting Spiderman.  Some day when I find the girl of my dreams, she'll get enroll me in their Salumi of the Month club and all will be right with the world.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/12/2012,550,1055,10,14,11>This will be a short, simple, but sweet review. You must try their KOI Dog. It's not just a regular hot dog, it's so much more. They use Zenner's sausage for the dog part and you also need to choose meat/tofu topping on top of it. Yes meat on top meat! It's so wrong but it's so right at the same time. I had the Kalbi ribs with it and it was such a perfect combo. The horseradish mayo condiment on it was a perfect condiment. It's big enough you can share it with another person, however next time I will get my own because Jesse ate most of it. $8 for a hot dog sounds steep, but then again this is not a regular hot dog..this is a KOI Dog and it's totally worth it.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,6/11/2012,457,244,22,13,16>The very moment I bit into the Tasty Burger, I knew I had made a terrible, terrible mistake.What the hell was I thinking?  I'm a planner, I should have had more foresight than this.  Sure I could change it, but then what would I replace it with?  I mean really, how could I have been so short sighted?  No other situation could have begged more for me to whip out  a Jules Bad Motherfucker  Winnfield "this is one tasty burger" Pulp Fiction review ...but I had already wasted it on Little Big Burger.Don't get me wrong, LBB has great burgers, but as I continued to devour this house ground work of bacony burger art, all I could think was, "Damn, this Tasty Burger is one tasty burger".Motherfucker.
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,6/10/2012,70,389,,37,8>I've been hearing about this new place for since they opened a few months ago, and readers have encouraged me to check it out. Yesterday, I had my opporunity, as owners Dale and Rhoda invited Mrs. Burgerdogboy and I out for a lunch.The Powlison's have been selling their burgers at the Beaverton Farmer's market for some time, to rave reviews. They thought it was time to move into the business full time, and they took the plunge, in a neat and tidy new location in a small strip mall at 2991 SE 73rd Avenue, off TV Highway.Some of the readers that have pushed me to get to Rachel's have crowed about how much it is like a certain California-based chain that has an almost 'cult-like' following. That chain is known for their simple menu, made-to-order food, and a unique 'off-the-menu' 'insiders' way of ordering, as well.I've been to that chain a number of times, and few people would argue it is the favorite of millions. Their expansion has been calculated and slow, and they don't stray far from California.It was Dale and Rhoda's late daughter's favorite fast food, and they named their restaurant as a tribute to here.The first thing you will notice entering Rachel's is that it is spotlessly clean. Approach the counter, and peruse the menu board, which is very straightforward and simple: single burgers, double burgers, fries, soft drinks, and shakes.The emphasis is on hot, quality, fresh, cooked-to-order, and the prices are very reasonable.    What does quality mean to mean?  Fresh ground chuck patties from Fulton Provisions;  shakes with Alpenrose ice cream;  the availability of Tillamook cheddar;  Kennebec potatoes for cut-on-the-spot fries, the very same potato the California chain uses.Burgers come with lettuce, tomato, onions, and signature sauce, with grilled onions and pickles available upon request.The "off the menu" ordering includes the "Chief" burger, and the "Fire Chief"; I ordered the former, which is a cheeseburger, lightly seasoned, grilled with a mustard schmear, and I absolutely loved it.Mrs. Burgerdogboy went with the standard single, and we had fries, which are crispy outside, and soft inside, and the milkshake Mrs. BDB had was divine.  She barely left me have a taste!In our work and lives, Mrs. BDB and I are all about supporting mom and pop enterprises, and Dale & Rhoda deserve your business, not only because they serve great product, but from the ingredient list above, you can tell they are all about supporting local businesses as well.We loved our lunch at Rachel's, and wish them all the success and prosperity their hard work and dedication deserves!They are open Mon-Sat from 11A-9P.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,6/9/2012,645,1150,9,16,15>At Ned Ludd, a lichen-covered Oregon Trail circa 1850 meets French countryside and in this ambience we had a most enjoyable Saturday brunch.  The nicely presented dishes were as good as we've had in a long time, and we'll definitely be back.   The menu is dynamic, constantly changing to reflect what's currently available.For our appetizer, we ordered a lamb dish from the "bit" menu.  The lamb had been "ground", but not in the way I would normally picture.  Instead, it had a texture somewhat like tuna from the can blended with mayo.  The lamb was served in a little glass jar on a wooden board.  Accompanying the lamb were triangular thin slices of rye bread, pickled asparagus and marinated quartered "mini" mushrooms.  We spread the lamb on the rye bread.  Outstandingly delicious!When we remarked to our server how much we liked the lamb, he told us that the lamb had been braised and slow-cooked with marjoram and thyme.  You could have knocked me over with a feather because I never thought I would like a dish prepared with those spices.   But I did today!  In fact, of late, I'm starting to believe that it isn't that I don't like savory spices, it's just that all too often chefs use too much of them in a dish.  When subtly applied, like in Ned Ludd's lamb, they are good.My entree consisted of seasoned polenta, prosciutto, quartered mushrooms and aragula lettuce.  The prosciutto was excellent and the polenta was simply the tastiest I've ever had.  I couldn't ask for anything more except maybe that the delicious mushrooms be allowed to warm to at least room temperature before they are added to the dish.  JP had the roasted trout with fennel.  A very good dish prompting JP to say Ned Ludd was his new favorite restaurant in Portland.Somewhat uncharacteristically, JP wanted to do dessert.  I had no objections!  And that being the case, we split the "oven-kissed" chocolate chip ccokie.  It came served in a tiny skillet on a wooden board with a little cup of milk for pouring over the piping hot cookie.  The cookie was fabulous, rich in chocolate.  Our server told us that the chocolate was actually a blend of both dark and milk chocolate.The only real area I could find room for improvement would be the coffee.  You betcha, the coffee was packed with caffeine, but even when smoothed with cream, the coffee's flavor reminded me of Nescafe Classic instant coffee.   It was a smidge harsh.  But considering all other aspects of Ned Ludd, the coffee is forgiven.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2012,6/8/2012,457,356,6,17,21>John P. Kiggins (1868-1941) is largely responsible for laying the groundwork of the Vancouver that we know today.  He was Mayor for 4 terms between 1909-1938 (not consecutively) but his trade was as a builder.  His legacy is all around present day Vancouver from the Kiggins Bowl Stadium to various office buildings.  However Kiggins passion was moving pictures.  His passion led him to building an ornate palace to this new entertainment media.Now, in this new age of movie theaters with stadium seating, sound systems that can realistically put you on Omaha Beach on D-Day, digital this and Dolby that we find ourselves craving that movie experience from our childhood.  There, standing the test of time, newly rebuilt with a passion that rivals that of John P. Kiggins himself is the Kiggins Theater.I walked in past the tiny ticket booth and I was transformed back to the old Fox Theater in Pomona, California, where I spent my childhood watching everything from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory to Disney's The Computer Wore Tennis Shoes.  The snack bar looked great, it was clean and the popcorn smelled heavenly.  Tasted even better.  And the prices!  So inexpensive!The theater is large with ornate light fixtures, velvety looking curtains and the seats were the only thing definitely looking 21st Century.  Thank you Kiggins owners for putting smart money in the right places.  Another thing that impressed me was the sound system, very up to date and crystal clear.I am definitely in love with this theater.  Now we do not have to cross the river to get that old tyme theater experience anymore.  The Kiggins is back, as grand as the day she opened with new touches in the right places.  Long may she shine as the cultural beacon of downtown Vancouver.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,6/7/2012,258,205,16,11,9>I think I'm in love with Casa Colima. Even though various folks have referred to it as "Meximerican" or "not authentic"...I really don't really give a shit what other people think. A crush is a crush, and when you're in love, everything is perfecto!Let's just list the many ways Casa Colima rocks:#1: You're greeted by a gigantic paper mache bull with the slickest shoes at the restaurant front.#2: Free magic show! Magic! I LOVE MAGIC!#3: Massive margaritas about the size of your head.#4: Free chips with salsa AND bean dip! OMG U GUYZ, BEAN DIP!#5: The food is goooooooood and not greasy and has just the right amount of spice and sass.#6: Free apple churro at the end of your massive meal.#7: All the staff will come and sing you a special happy birthday song and make you wear a sombrero if it's your birthday. But I get the feeling that even if it's na-cho bday, you could get away with wearing the sombrero anyway.#8: They call me amigo here. But really Casa Colima, how about you and I be...more than amigos? ;-)
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,6/6/2012,301,344,6,16,12>For many year I've driven by this Chinese establishment and simply dismissed it as another "Chinese" restaurant on the 82nd strip.  Little did I realize that it offers more than just conventional "American" style Chinese flare.  I arrived and pulled in the wrong parking lot - naturally - to the bar side of the restaurant.  I drove around the back and landed on the right parking lot where the restaurant section presided.  I met up with the group and was given a huge menu.  I like how most of the menu has pictures attached to each item.  It helped me decide what I wanted to order and share along with the group since we were gonna "family style" the feast.  We started off with pork stomach and pork ear.  The ear bits had a glaze of chili sauce but the stomach did not.  Surprisingly the pork stomach became a hit with the group - just lots of flavor with each bite with a hint of saltiness.  It wasn't rubbery or slimy but tender and easy to nibble.  The pork ear was pretty bland and the only saving grace  was the chili sauce boosting its flavor.  More plates arrived and soon enough we were running out of room for dishes in our big table.  We were given a big pot of steamed white rice to pair along with the various items.  The spicy pork intestines was pretty good and had no bad after taste.  It was spicy but not mind blowing burn - just delicious flavor.  The green onion pancake was worth getting as it was light and flaky with a subtle amount of flavor.  The pork dumplings - yes these are good as your gonna find in Portland - freshly made and no gummy bland texture.  The scheschuan chicken I ordered was pretty basic with the right amount of spice and what you expect in a dish so they do have the usual Chinese flare items here too.  The sticky fried rice was unique with a lot of flavors blended together.  I should have gotten more of that instead of the white rice but oh well.  The plates are reasonably priced and usually range in the 8-12 dollar range.  The appetizers are about $3 a plate and definitely a good way to start the meal off.  The food arrives promptly and the service is simply.  They didn't have the pork rectum on the menu - it might be a permanent miss or temporary.  Go with a good size group, order  a bunch food, and chow down some authentic goodness!
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,1/28/2013,184,178,13,15,12>Are you a fan of brunch? If so you'll probably love Babica Hen cafe. I love it because of its proximity to my house, home style food, and the addictive chorizo gravy! The owners did a nice job renovating the old La Provence, it's more open, has new fixtures and a warm color scheme that provides a minimalistic yet comfortable interior. There's just one catch, they only serve breakfast and lunch. However this all day until three concept works because of quality, service, and a simple well thought out menu with no fuss.I've tried an item from each section on the menu which breaks down like this: waffles, eggs, specialties and lunch. The options offer both sweet and savory for carnivore or vegetarian. But take it from this elite meat eater, you'll want something, anything, with their chorizo gravy! I thought their rum, apple, bacon-caramel waffle was inventive but lacked flavor. So if I had to recommend one thing for taste and value, it would have to be the Iron Miners breakfast. For $11 you get a hearty portion of potato hash mixed with roasted tomatoes, caramelized onions and cheddar. That is smothered in delectable, lip-smacking chorizo gravy, with two eggs, your choice of sausage or bacon, (bacon always wins) and toast with homemade jam. You can upgrade your bread option to corn, a biscuit or coffeecake for a mere ($)dollar. I also tried their pork schnitzel and biscuit combo with said gravy for a mouth watering, pork pleasure cruise down tonsil alley, it was heavenly. Picture delicate pork pounded thin and lightly dusted with panko atop flaky, golden biscuits and drowned in a salt bath of silky gravy. The only thing that could elevate my pork fix was dipping a bacon strip and using it like a fat mop to soak up the tasty remnants left on my plate. My rule when eating out is the food should inspire recreation but this cream spiked, meaty marvel, has this addict brimming in jealousy, because this hen house has the secret perfected!Did you hear that Babica? You have created a fan without any fowl play. Just know this, if you decide to put a pork triple play on the menu you may have a gravy stalker licking his hands to get at your recipe!
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,1/27/2013,81,88,3,10,5>I've been a loyal customer at CT Nails for years, but my last few visits left something to be desired, especially since I have to drive to the other side of the city to go there and battle out a parking spot.A friend of mine recommended Healthy Nail in Sellwood.  I tried it out feeling a little guilty for the switch but was glad I did.  The salon it's self is much nicer.  The pedicure chairs are lower to the ground and ridiculously easier to get in and out of with out risking broken ankles.  You get an iPad to play on if you wish while you get your service.  Complimentary beverages ranging from wine to tea to juice.The prices are comparable.  The fanciest pedicure they have is only $45 bucks (and well worth it).  Also the mood in the place is a lot lighter than CT Nails.  Many of the girls are previous employees of CT Nails and all say they are happier at Healthy Nails and the work conditions are better.  So, I figure that's worth listening to.All the girls that I've had for services are great.  Some of them are seriously funny, some of them love to tell you all about their former lives in Vietnam, and some of them give great dating and love advice.  It's always a good time.The pedicures I've had are always nice and just what I asked for, but the experience is the real gem.  Check 'em out!
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,1/26/2013,294,129,8,17,14>I took my mom here because she isn't much of a coffee person anymore.  She specifically asked me to take her to a tea place during her visit.  I'm very much a coffee person so I wasn't really expecting too much.  I was so wrong.  This place is crazy good.  As soon as you walk in, the aromas overwhelm and take you to another, more ethereal place.  We decided to try a tea flight (I didn't even know you could have a tea flight!  Wine, sure.  Beer, ok.  Tea?  This was a new experience.).  The guy serving us taught us all about their teas and how to taste them.  You can add sugar, agave syrup, honey or other types of sweeteners they had on hand.  We tried mainly the herbal infused teas (Meadow, Hibiscus Flowers, Chamomile Flowers and Peppermint Leaves).  Everything was extremely flavorful.  I also had a chai tea (I needed a caffeine fix) and that was delicious as well.  My mom ended up buying several boxes of their boxes full of tea bags.  I was able to snag a couple from her and one bag goes a LONG way!  I can fill up my whole teapot at home with just one bag!  I was seriously impressed with Smith Teamakers and whenever I do veer away from coffee, I will probably go with Smith for my tea choice.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,1/25/2013,949,916,22,35,21>PIG OUTTA HERE!!!!!Lardo started out as a food pod back in 2010 by mastermind Chef Rick Gencarelli. The food pod turned brick-and-mortar (they got their own standing location and is no longer a food cart) by Summer 2012. Known for cooking EVERYTHING IN PIG FAT (yes, everything!), this local fan favorite establishment serves up some greasy goodness, leaving your mouth (and arteries) wanting more! Meats are very succulent and moist! You pretty much can't go wrong with anything on their menu! - Pork Meatball Banh Mi ($8): This tender pork meatball is cooked to perfection! The banh mi is made with a spicy Sriracha aioli sauce, pickled julienned veggies and fresh cilantro. The flavors to this dish are taste-bud worthy "amazing" and is truly a fan fave! This sammie caught the eyes of many during Willamette Weekly's Eat Mobile 2012, where Lardo portrayed this dish to the thousands! This dish is a personal fave in my book!- Double Burger ($8): The pork belly burger was very tender and moist. The patty itself was melted with cheddar cheese. To complete the dish, the burger was served with some diced lettuce and Lardo's sauce upon a toasted brioche bun. A sliced piece of pickle pierced the burger with a wooden toothpick as a garnish. The pickle served a nice tangy flavor to the moist-grease-laden burger. The double burger is a popular choice by many and I can totally see why!- Smoked Coppa Cubano ($8): This Cuban-inspired, toasted-pressed sammie is another delightful winner! This popular item is made with thin slices of smoked ham, a hint of dijon mustard, and thinly sliced pickles. In this dish as well, a sliced piece of pickle pierced the pressed sammie with a wooden toothpick.  In addition, it's an easy eat if you're on the go and it was ordered by many during my visit the other day.- Dirty Fries ($6): Fries are served with a mixture of fried pork scraps and marinated peppers (such as pepperoncini, red and yellow peppers as well). The fried pork scraps reminded me of a fruit candy I had as a kid called "Gushers", where one bite of the fried piece of meat bursted into oozy, oily, bad-for-your-arteries, pork essence. Other than your run-of-the-mill soda (and complimentary water), Lardo also offers cocktails, beers and wine for those who would like alcohol. Parking for Lardo is on the street or neighborhood. The employees at Lardo are full of smiles and are very helpful. They can help you make a decision if you have any questions about their menu. What I love about Gencarelli, is that he uses local and seasonal ingredients in his menu. With his passion for farm-to-table and good eats, you (and your diet) can forget about all your worries and indulge in some *oink*oink*! So for all you Pork Purists and Carni-whores galore - check this place out, you'll be thinking "Oh Mah LARD!"
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,1/24/2013,136,172,10,7,7>OK, so, there's just nothing bad about this food. And by that, I mean the food is really really good. The much-discussed pork butt sandwich with apple slaw is indeed amazing, and I had a mozzarella sandwich (the cheese was hand made by the proprietor) with some other stuff on it that flat blew me away. That doesn't even get in to the soups, about which I can only say that if your tongue could take a vacation day and just lie out on a lawn chair under an apple tree in the grassy field out behind its rustic farmhouse with a cold beer and a good book on a lazy, warm September afternoon, and there was a moment when a perfect ray of sunshine snuck between the branches and shone on his shirtless torso to provide a little extra glow of warmth just as he reached the pinnacle of his book when the many threads of the epic story all come together in a glorious, climactic confrontation, and the over-matched forces of good at last and against all odds triumph over the dark and twisted forces of evil and he realizes that all will indeed once again be right with the world, that's pretty much how it feels when you eat the soup.Go have some.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/23/2013,50,112,3,16,8>EVERYONE MUST EAT HERE!! Do NOT judge this place by the exterior of the restaurant or the location. This place is hidden in a shady-looking strip mall next to a place that provides piano lessons to kids and across from an archery shop. The name is misleading as they serve Mediterranean food and not americanized pizza.  We walked in and were immediately greeted by the nicest man and welcomed to the restaurant. We looked over the menu and decided on a handful of items. Here's the breakdown:Me- Large Lamb GyroWife- Large Chicken GyroDaughter- Small Chicken GyroAll of us (appetizer)- Combo plate of Hummus and DolmasThe appetizer came out first and it was amazing! The hummus was so fresh and the bread was piping hot. We have never had dolmas before and after eating these, we are hooked! They are awesome little grape leaves stuffed with a warm rice mixture. The spices are deep and the dish was awesome! After the appetizers, we actually were pretty full. Then came the Gyros...The gyros were loaded with flavor and fresh ingredients. I can pack away tons of food at one sitting and I had a very difficult time trying to finish the large gyro. My wife threw in the towel halfway through and just picked out the chicken pieces. These were the best gyros I have had in a very long time.One of the best qualities of this place was the staff. I am assuming the man who took our order was the owner. He was very friendly and sincere. My wife and I came to an agreement to do our absolute best to only support local, small businesses as much as possible, especially restaurants. We will definitely be back here and will send as many people to this place as possible.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,1/22/2013,78,333,,15,12>If you aren't sure if you can buy a house, or if you just aren't sure where to even start the process, contact Portland Housing Center!  It's worth it. My mom referred me to PHC as husband and I were first time home-buyers and had no idea what we were doing.  We signed up for their Homebuying 101 class, got connected with a home-buying specialist, and we were on our way.  PHC has several programs to help you save money and finance your loan.  They can actually give you money to buy your house!  We worked very closely with Heidi, the senior loan officer through PHC, and she helped us maintain our sanity through the crazy process.The class was so helpful. We felt so confident each step of the way, and everybody commented on how informed we were.  We ended up using a first time home buyer program that allowed us to purchase a bigger, more expensive home than we would have purchased using a "regular" home loan, for the same monthly mortgage.  We were amazed we ended up in such an incredible home. PHC will provide you with a list of recommended folks from real estate agents to loan officers to home inspectors to escrow and title officers.  USE THESE PEOPLE. They're most familiar with PHC programs and will make your process much smoother.  Trust me.  We love our new house and feel so fortunate that we had PHC on our home-buying team!
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2012,1/21/2013,160,387,5,8,6>I go for the Gasoline.  Yep, you read that correctly, I don't know that I have ever taken a Radio Cab.  What I do know is that if I am downtown this is the place to go for gas.The prices are generally towards the low end of the spectrum, they are open 24 hours a day, every day of the year.As an added bonus it is inside, so if it is really cold outside or super wet and windy, you won't get blown away by the elements while your gas is being pumped.The service is great, super nice and friendly.  You may have to wait a few minutes but it's convenient and it's easy.  Yay! I'm a fan.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,1/19/2013,109,570,6,10,8>This is probably my new favorite restaurant in Portland. It is only second to Le Pigeon when it comes to the level of service and quality of food. We were treated so nicely and the waitstaff was knowledgeable, friendly, prompt and patient when my dad took a million hours to decide what he wanted to order.The food and drink were all superb. First the oysters were very fresh and tasty. The deviled eggs were made traditionally, nothing fancy, but very good. The star of the show was definitely the octopus and shellfish dish. This is an appetizer, but it would be amazing as an entree. I have never had octopus so tender before.For my entree I split the chicken with my sister. I loved that it came with the foot attached and happily gnawed at it. Everything was seasoned beautifully and the sauce that came with it was delicious.Everyone was happy with what they ordered and we walked away happy and fully. Another great place for Portland.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/18/2013,236,543,4,7,6>Slow Bar Burger. Say that slow, and your Pavlovian response is sure to be activated. Slowburger is a new informal burger spot created by Slow Bar guaranteed to satiate that Pavlovian desire for meat, and non-meat burgers on a bun. The menu is simple. Burger one, burger two, burger three, burger special, burger vegie. Sides of fries, onion rings, a salad. Beer and wine. That covers all the food groups right?I had the three. A half pound burger with a grape tomato relish, sweet in the current season, pancetta, aoli, lettuce and blue cheese on a sesame bun. It's a solid thick patty with some heft. Default done is medium, so be sure to specify your desired doneness. A small of fries was plenty for me. They also have slider versions of each burger, which means you can try more than one combination of ingredients in a single sitting, if you like. Inside there are 4 tables, high and low counter bar eats and a bar seat facing a fir framed roll up garage door with windows toward Glisan. There is a three times as large outdoor seating area. Clean minimal design inside with shop stools and navy chairs. Great staff, who welcome customer feedback. Slowburger is a grown up burger spot serving American food with a friendly neighborhood atmosphere.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,8/29/2014,40,122,7,8,8>Ok, this is my new favorite eggs benedict. I've probably said this before (see Mothers, Besaws... both also exceptional), but I think Olympic Provisions really tops them all. I used to measure eggs benedict by the hollandaise - the creamier and more decadent the better. However, I just realized that what really makes the dish is the MEAT. Think thinly sliced layers of perfectly cooked ham that add just the right amount of flavor to an already perfect combination of ingredients... The hollandaise is still important, and here it was top notch. In addition, the eggs were poached beautifully, but these things are expected of any brunch spot. This indulgent benedict is unique for its superb meat, which will definitely keep me coming back for more! The potato cake also sets Olympic Provisions apart. I waste too many calories on mediocre hash browns, home fries, rosemary covered potatoes, etc... I usually find they're not even worth it, but I always end up eating them when I'm hungry. This is not the case here. The potatoes are thinly sliced and cooked in a pie shape so each bite is flaky and incredibly satisfying. Worth every calorie. Lastly, I came in at noon on a Sunday and was seated immediately. This is food I would wait for, but the prompt service was definitely appreciated!
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/28/2014,264,523,5,13,7>A square meal on a bun! The burger patties come in a square, but don't let the shape fool you. TILT is serious about their burgers and feeding the "American Workforce." The cheeseburger hit the spot after a long day of moving. The thin (but not too thin) burger was cooked medium well with a slight bit of char and covered with melted American cheese. The burger was topped with crisp iceberg lettuce, two sliced ripe tomatoes, thinly sliced raw onions and thick pickles, a thin coat of TILT dressing, and all pillowed between slightly sweet, soft buns. TILT nailed it! This is what I imagine when I picture a cheeseburger. Nothing more, nothing less. Murica!The standard, frozen, bagged tot can get boring. TILT's house made original, cheddar tots was just what diners needs to break up the same old tot scene. Formed into small ice cream scoop shapes, I could see and taste the hash brown bits and cheddar. Props to TILT for feeding the "American Workforce" and investing in the North Portland/Swan Island area. Not may eateries have the guts. I am looking forward to sampling some of TILT's biscuits (served all day to the breakfast lovers) and other speciality munchies.
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,8/27/2014,70,54,2,12,9>This place just keeps getting better. My best comparison is Pambiche in Portland. This place is better. A list of things that are simply amazing here are:Croquetes- I have had a lot of different croquetes, from pambiche to the Boise basque and on. These are the best the chipotle sauce just makes them better. Chips and guacamole- the guacamole is more puréed then Mexican style. Very unique. With the chips you get a salsa verde as well as a mango Habenero. You will love this. Empanadas- not as stellar as the croquetes, but still on par with all others I've had. Very good. Pork belly tacos- holy living lord, these are amazing. Fried Avacado- very simple with the chipotle sauce, something amazing about fried crispy outside and soft Avacado inside. Fried plantains- serves with a cream sauce and black beans. Holy crap, unique but will just blow your mind. Basically most of the menu is a tapa sized portion, with a few of the items larger but still not a full sized fill you up sort of entree.The most important thing is knowing what to order, and enjoy as they bring out different items and different times, share, enjoy the variety and have a good time. The only negative I can think of is this place is rarely packed. I worry this place will stay too much a McMinnville secret, it is unique and they have improved and added to the menu each time I've been here. This place gets a solid MATTY LIKEY and I suggest you try it out after wine tasting, or on your way to the beach, or the casino, or the air museum or (enter any excuse to come out to McMinnville you will love it).
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,8/26/2014,490,208,9,14,14>Kava is a great alternative for people who are looking to relax but aren't big drinkers. Alcohol doesn't treat me very well so I was excited to try this place when I discovered it. I've only ever had "stress relief" bagged tea with Kava in it, which is different. I personally really enjoy the Kava "buzz". I'm very sensitive to all substances (even cold medicine) so all I need is just one cup, but I think most people might need two or even three.I've had Kava several times now and I've always had a good time with it. It just puts me in a very mellow, relaxed, and overall good mood. I've tried a few different ones, but my favorite is the Melo Melo.Don't expect it to be great tasting, it is very earthy and you shouldn't really sip it unless you like the taste. There is a piece of pineapple for chaser! I've also been told that the effects of the Kava will be stronger if you drink it quickly.Tips:You should put your hands on the table, clap once, chug the drink, and then clap twice. This is supposed to ward away evil spirits. Ask someone who works there to show you how, if you're confused.They have various Happy Hour deals M-F (I believe 3-6PM) and all day Sunday. There's also some student specials.The drinks will likely numb your tongue at first, so be ready for that!
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,8/25/2014,248,813,6,13,9>Another cart that opened fairly recently. German street food here.The Currywurst features a homemade curry sauce, while the Fonduewurst includes a homemade white cheddar fondue. You can also build your own plate.Lecso is a Hungarian Pepper Stew with red peppers and red jalapenos. No real heat to speak of here, but all the great flavors are there.I was told there is an "Around the World" option, basically a sampler of all the main items. A nice portion of fries, some topped with fondue and some with the curry sauce. Some lecso in the middle. This option has a good balance of sausage, peppers, fries, and condiments.Excellent fondue. Thick, cheesy, and creamy. The fries are perfectly done, beautiful golden brown. Personally, I'd get this "Around the World" option just to combine the curry sauce and the fondue.Mt. Angel sodas are served here. I'm not a soda person, but I hear these are excellent.Give this cart a try!
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,8/24/2014,241,429,14,13,13>A burrito the size of your head with french fries in it.  I call it the regret it later burrito.  While you're eating it, the best decision that you could have ever made, or will ever make. Having kids, donating blood, saving the world, whatEVER.  No, no, this burrito.  The best.If you eat the whole thing by yourself (because, duh!) there will be a moment of reflection on the elasticity of the anatomically modern human's stomach that makes you question the wisdom of what you just did.  The thing is MASSIVE.  Like, that's too large to be a space station big.  And it's got french fries inside of it.  And the seeming regret will pass and the warm fuzzies will return.  Every time.I've been here a few times now, the guys inside are always friendly and pretty quick considering they're gestating a food baby you're about to become surrogate to.  I've gotten this masterpiece of monstrosity, the home burrito, every time.  There's another burrito-with-french-fries but the particular blend of not-french-fries ingredients doesn't appeal to me, so I'll be sticking with what works.They have other stuff, too.  Normal tacos, plates with beans and rice on the side.  But, the home burrito.  OMFG.  Really.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,8/23/2014,151,99,9,15,10>I write this 5 star review with a disclaimer: Go, but text me immediately when you do, and save me a spot at the bar.I mean, you HAVE to be kidding me. Twenty-four constantly rotating taps, and always something for every taste. This place is ridiculous and every neighborhood in every city needs one.I have a longstanding affinity for establishments that claim to be "taprooms/houses" -- in Cleveland, one of my favorite spots was Tremont Taphouse. That place had an impressive beer list and a fantastic patio, as well as really good food. Bailey's is a totally different scene, but still one of my favorite places in Portland.Here, there is no patio. But, that's totally fine, because you'll want to plop down at the bar and have a view of the Beer Screen from Heaven. Want to know what's on tap? You'll get that info, and so much more, just by glancing at the screen. Beer style, ABV, and how much is left of each brew, AND what's tapping next, AAAAND some relevant social network stuff all on one screen, yet totally easy to read and not cluttered. Um, why doesn't every bar have this system? Major points, Bailey's.Here's the kicker -- they don't even serve food, yet they get 5 stars from me. How can that be? I'm a notoriously hungry hungry hippo, and alcohol only exacerbates the problem. Well, you can get Santeria's $9 gargantuan chimichangas (or anything else off their menu) delivered right to your seat at Bailey's. It's really the best of both worlds, because I freaking love Santeria's food. If you do get food delivered here, be polite and bus your dishes to the tub by the entrance.Probably what I love most about this place is the constantly changing selection. I rarely visit the same place repeatedly, but Bailey's will keep me coming back just because they always keep it fresh. Also, lots of bars in Portland can boast 24 taps, but when 20 of them are pouring IPAs, I'm not really interested. This is never the case at Bailey's -- they have great variety in their offerings. Just writing this review makes me want to go back here immediately. I know they'll have some incredible beers on tap that weren't there yesterday, and this is a seriously smart way to try a lot of local and not-so-local beers from top-notch breweries.
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,8/22/2014,143,335,9,12,11>This place has a little of everything and a lot to offer. Went for a bite last night and the upstairs restaurant had festive live music playing, the downstairs was buzzing with different music, a younger crowd, the jukebox and the roar of the skee ball game. I saw comedy there a couple weeks ago... it's free and some acts were pretty funny. Get there early-ish or you wont get a good seat.We sat on the back patio which is lovely. The drink special had a funny name and included miller high life and sweet tea vodka.... served in a mason jar for $5. Surprisingly yummy! My friend had a sour drink which was also delish. We ordered the fries - a mixture of sweet and regular potatoes with fried leeks served with an aioli (sp) sauce. REALLY tatsty. The calamari was also something to write home about. Not the usual boring fried calamari, but light with a vinegar-y taste and some peppers... Loved the flavor!The space, the service and the food were all quite tops in my book!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,8/21/2014,194,499,20,22,21>When I drop into this place, I tend to think of it as some sort of luxury shop, which it really is not. Obviously, comparing this to a standard market is silly. The more I shop and eat, the more I am back to the line of thinking that if you going to eat a particular thing, go to the shop that specialize in this thing. Hence, the Meating Shop. Alright, where would I put the pricing? I'd say a little less than New Seasons, a little more than supers. I am no fan of NS's meat department and I have never been. As much as I want to; mostly because it is so much closer to our house. Buying in a conventional supermarket is a false economy anyway. You end up buying the quantity they sell, it is of poorer quality and few butchers know anything about the meat as a butcher shop will.Have I spoke of the deli case at Meating? I should. We've been having fun over there. If the impeccably clean display cases have smear marks on it, you know I have been here just before you. It is just the two of us, so this is my shopping strategy: I pick up some fresh meat, some smoked meat, a little deli action (though I still have yet to get into the sandwiches) and then scrounge around in the frozen case. Give that a try, if you have not. This last trip I brought home some of their Mortadella, a Cordon Bleu and from the frosty case some Irish Sausages. At this point, I will assume that we all know that what they sell is what they make in prepared meats.The mortadella is an interesting thing. It is pre sliced, like, say, Oscar Meyer; thicker. It is not like a conventional  mortadella. The pork fat is broken up finer, like Oscar's cotto salame, with good sized pistachio within it. It is quite good if you take it on its own terms, but as I said, it is not like a conventional mortadella.  Live on the edge! Give it a try!  The Chicken Cordon Bleu is very good. If you have only had these lovely things out of a supermarket freezer, you will never go back to them and you will moan eating these. Remember these are fresh and they do not like to sit in the refrigerator. Make these the dinner after you have eaten the fresh meat that you bought. Ask them for their instructions for cooking them, or anything else they sell. They are eager to help.  I forgot to, but I know that you can pop these in a 350 oven and leave them alone for 20 or 30 minutes. I like to brown them up on a fairly hot iron pan and then toss them in the oven covered,cook them for a little less time, not that it makes any real matter one way or another.I took the Irish sausages that I saw on a whim. I like something frozen; it comes in handy, especially these, since they are vacuum packed. Preparing this only calls for boiling water and a sense of smell to judge when they are done. 'Sides I wanted to stare at these some. Irish...hmmm.I have a Scottish last name, though I am mostly Danish and English. In any case, I know all too well that the farther north your people come from, the worse the cuisine is. And my mother and grandmother specialized in anything made with Campbell's cream soup. So, I figured that anything from the Green Isles would probably taste like crap.No, no, these were wonderful! I would suggest that you enjoy these bad boys for a breakfast meat, though we had them for dinner. Pork meat with seasonings--I will guess is mace, nutmeg, sage (?) and white pepper. Just boil them in the plastic vacuum wrap for 15 minutes or so and then pan fry them for a little brown. Ours gave off quite a lot of moisture; the sausage was very juicy. I'd suggest frying up some small potatoes cut and add that extra juice.OK. End of cooking class and strategies for buying. Now that I have you all hopped up, grab the car keys. Go!
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/20/2014,97,506,5,10,8>I have eleventy-million check-ins here, about time I wrote a review!I joined this gym originally because my personal trainer works out of it, but I've become a fan and work out there 3x a week now. It's definitely "micro", and doesn't have any of the pool, sauna, jacuzzi, or other fancy gym amenities. And because of its size, it does get pretty full some evenings. BUT, they only charge $39/month, and the place is stocked with a full range of high-quality, well-maintained free weights, kettlebells, plyo boxes, a heavy squat rack, cardio bikes (including recumbents), a rowing machine, ellipticals, all the usual gear. Plus there's a laptop with Pandora set up so that you can (somewhat) control the music playing. The location is very convenient off Belmont, and there's decent street parking on the side streets.  My one complaint is that I usually have to breathe secondhand smoke from the people hanging outside the Side Street Tavern next door, but that's hardly the gym's fault.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/18/2014,98,273,5,8,8>I must admit, I'm already biased in favor of CC because I frequent the carts, adore their employees, LOVE their food and the overall concept.  CC was there for me when I was on a super strict therapeutic diet and could only eat food that I really trusted didn't have soy, gluten and dairy.  And now that I don't have to be on said diet I still prefer this way of eating.  So naturally, I was stoked to hear they were opening a restaurant.  First off, love the expanded menu and that they have desserts and bullet proof coffee.  If Kenton was closer to me I certainly would make CC my go to morning coffee hangout.  That said, I still feel like the kitchen is finding their footing a bit.  Some menu items like the tried and true chicken tenders and the bacon wrapped dates are as freakin' awesome as usual.  Some items like the carnitas and the brazilian beef seem like they are flirting with awesomeness.  On one visit they were served only slightly warm and I felt like they were way under seasoned/salted.  A caesar I had one time was amazing and the second time the dressing tasted a little fishy/off, and not in that yummy anchovy way.  But with the expanded menu I feel like it's normal that they will continue to find their groove.  The portions are generous and there's a solid variety of sides.  The space is nice and big and very kid friendly but still good for grown up time too.  And they have frozen to go food and packaged snacks.  I also love all the cook books to peruse at the counter.  I look forward to working my way through the menu visit by visit.  Love you CC!
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,10/17/2014,11,45,10,9,4>Place was great, never been to a place with steaks of that quality for the price. Whole place is a red meat paradise.Started off with the marrow bones, tar tar, and fois gras appetizers. All of them were delicious but the tar tar and marrow were my favorites. The marrow bones come with a fresh baked pretzel which was a good accompaniment.For dinner our group tried several different dishes, but there was one clear winner: the ribeye. Hands down the best steak I've eaten in my life, and I've paid $60 plus for steaks at places in Chicago and LA that didn't come close. I think this one was $40. It was a religious experience. Topped with blue cheese butter and onion rings, that steak is out of control.Other things we had were the Denver steak and the under a brick chicken, both of which were good. The Denver steak had great flavor, I thought the chicken was on the drier side. None of these compared to the ribeye. Just get the ribeye. Get it or you will always look back and wonder how different your life could have been if you would have gotten the fucking ribeye.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/16/2014,116,134,4,7,7>We raise poultry, so we've been frequenting the Urban Farm Store for a few years now in their old location, and now at their new, larger location on Powell. The crew at Urban Farm have helped us on countless occasions with raising chickens, ducks, and turkeys, and we trust them to always guide us with sound advice and knowledge. No place in town has a better selection of poultry feed, from conventional feed to non-GMO corn and soy free local organics grain, plus they have the largest breed selection of chickens anywhere. They also stock organics vegetable starts, bee keeping supplies, and numerous other items for your urban farm. The real benefit for us is that these guys are experts in poultry care, so their knowledge and information is priceless. Check them out.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,10/15/2014,78,198,10,11,11>Well worth the 15 minute wait on a busy Saturday night.  They will call you from the High Dive next door if you want to have a well mixed cocktail while you wait. Somehow, we got the 'VIP' room I called it, a small room off to the back, ensconced in candle light and a warm glow from the fake fireplace. The stars must have been aligned to put us in the romantic corner with cool lighting-or they just saw we had a baby and wanted to stick us in the back. Either way, I couldn't have imagined better seating.The seafood enchiladas were out of this world, I couldn't believe how good they were. The potatoes were amazing and something I'd like to try at home. They even let me mix one mole enchilada and one seafood enchilada-and charged me for the cheaper of the two-that never happens. The margarita was sweet and sour perfection on a hot day, the corn on the cob was unique and delicious, the guacamole was green goodness. I wasn't too big on their salsa, but everything else led to an amazing 'first baby date night' with ambiance, comfort and taste adventures.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,10/14/2014,138,52,8,6,7>Gravy is a dangerous, dangerous place.  Beware!  If you have ever over-ate in your life please order with the notion that you SHOULD not eat everything on your plate.  It will be a challenge, as you will want to eat every morsel provided to you in delicious fashion.  I ordered 1 biscuit with gravy having heard stories of the gigantic plates of goodness and I still couldn't finish it, albeit I wanted to!!!  We waited for a table for about an hour and it was so worth it.  I cant really describe the food.  Every time a member of the wait staff walked past with an order I stared in amazement.  I had to stop myself from reaching over the table to taste my neighbors/strangers breakfast.  Its unreal...The staff is super friendly, despite grumpy people wanting a table and wanting FOOD.  They will kindly poor you coffee as you wait for a table. I recommend preparing yourself for a long wait, bringing a mug and just enjoying the street scene as you wait for an epic Portland breakfast to unfold.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,10/13/2014,148,128,2,14,4>Finally! I've been driving by this place waiting for it to open and today the 1st of July was the day!I was warmly welcomed in and decided to just take a seat at the sushi bar, where I could chat with the chef, and watch a little World Cup.  The restaurant is beautifully decorated.  As I browsed the menu, I decided to go with something light (6 piece chirashi).  With the meal, I got a little miso soup, and chilled salad (which was welcoming on this 90+ degree day).  The meal was perfect and tasty.They have their liquor license, but I'm not exactly what they serve other than sake, since I decided to not get my drink on this afternoon, and will wait until later tonight.  They do have quite a few sake selections though from the various bottles lined up around the shelves.Browsing the menu the prices range from: Specialty Rolls   $8.95 - $13.95.  Regular Rolls     $4.50 - $9.50 (Tuna Tower* $14.95)Veggie Rolls       $3.50 - $5.95 (Super Veggie* $8.95)Sashimi & Nigiri $2.75 - $5.50 (Toro MKP)Appetizers            $3.75 - $15.95 (13 piece Sashimi Appetizer)Rice Bowls          $7.95 - $10.95Noodles               $8.95 - $13.95Combinations     $8.95 - $23.95Entrees                 $7.95 - $25.95Salads                  $3.00 - $7.95 ($18.95 Fresh Sashimi Salad)I'll definitely be back to sample other areas of the menu and will update this review with more visits.Overall Rating: 84%Service: 5/5Ambiance: 4/5Food: 5/5Selection: 4/5Price: 3/5
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/12/2014,227,412,6,8,7>If you're reading this review between the hours of 4-8 pm, just stop. Put this down, go grab one of these delicious drinks and then come back to finish reading. Done? You're welcome. If not, add a bookmark and thank me later. I first found out about this little truck since they were featured as one of the new businesses in Portland on the yelp front page. I was intrigued, looked on their FB page to check where they'd be and found them on a day we were out running errands. This time, they were located on the corner of Walker & Cedar Mill. It's a bright truck, you can't miss it. I checked in and received one free topping as a yelp check-in offer. For our drinks we ordered an almond milk tea with boba, a passion fruit green tea with boba and a peach green tea with boba for me. My green tea was perfect for a warm day! It was the perfect blend of tangy, sweet, herbal-y, and overall refreshing. Then I tasted the honey-infused boba which are the ideal complement to the tea. The boba were the right consistency, not too hard, not mushy and the flavor was clearly honey but not overly sweet. I imagine we're going to be getting a whole lot more of these drinks. I'm very curious about trying some of their fresh juices. The lady (who I assume to be to be the owner) was very friendly and nice. She answered our questions and gave my kids some Little Boba Truck stickers. We were all quite happy with our choices (and being the mom, it's mandatory that I try all of them, right?) I really liked the two other drinks, so now my only option is to work my way down the entire menu to find my favorite. Yes, I suspect that this coming summer will be the summer of boba!
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/11/2014,574,765,11,15,12>I am so impressed by this place. It feels like new again. Very clean and fresh looking. The employers are pleasant and easy going and the prices are perfect. SO... I walked in without an appointment. They are so new that there were not a lot of customers at this time. I was also there early in the day when most folks are working.  I went there on a whim because I was getting my car serviced at Toyota and the car folks said it would be a while.The sweet employers here did a fantastic job on my toes from the tip to the top to the bottom.  Only thing, WHOOOPS.. I have to now walk back to the car dealership.  I did not see that coming. (Oh I also snuck my dog in). They gave me some FREE flippity flops to wear for the trip. Unfortunately, road dust and dirt just wanted to be added to my pedicure. Ugh I said...but not in those words exactly.Bottom line.. I went back where I would pay for the taking off of the polish to the putting back on of said polish (though I did change my color too, what the heck right?) No bloody charge! Say what? Nope.. nada.. no way.. I did try by the way. I will be returning with my entourage.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2014,10/10/2014,457,244,7,9,9>OPA Pizza.  Is this some type of HARPO production?  If so, it would be brought to you by the hefty version of Ms. Winfrey because this shit ain't for the skinny girls.I'll be honest, I've walked by OPA several times, but never really had the desire to check it out.  My Sellwood trek usually ends in a trip to Jade, Pizzacato, aCena, Reverend's BBQ, The Woods..I mean Relish, or Laurelwood when we have the Lil' Dictator with us.  However my colleague was taking me out to lunch to celebrate my 12th year at our agency, so we decided to give OPA a try.Guess what?  I'm down with OPA, yeah you know me. The calzone was fantastic.  Light flakey crust, with just the right amount of cheese, sauce and meat.  The owners are fantastic.  Friendly, warm and attentive.This is just another Sellwood destination that will become part of my revolving itinerary.
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,10/9/2014,99,70,5,9,7>Another great experience. After a series of rains I noticed a crack in the wall in the dining area, just under the ceiling. Not only was the crack new which was worrisome, but it was also secreting water. I immediately called Dylan and made an appointment with him to check it out. He went up to my attic and found the problem and provided me with a list of solutions. He also noticed that mold had started growing on the drywall and had eaten away at some of it and had a list of solutions for that as well. Thankfully the one he recommended was also the cheapest and easiest solution. He patched the hole that was causing the leak and applied a mold inhibitor and killer to the dry wall. He came back weeks later after several more rains and said it was completely dry up there and the mold had died off. Other contractors may have made it seem like a larger problem and would have recommended replacing the drywall even if it was unnecessary. I'm hoping I don't have any more problems, but if I do, I know who to call.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,6/8/2011,113,90,10,21,11>ONE WORD: Stripparoke. (!!!!)Dance and sing karaoke on stage with hot Suicide Girls/Gods Girls on Sunday nights. The entire audience sings along with you, and gives you just as much attention as the strippers. If you can manage not to be distracted by the hot woman on the pole next to you, you can be a fucking rock star and everyone will love you for it no matter how badly you sing... because everyone's drunk on alcohol and hot women. It's fantastic.TWO WORDS: Fire Dancers. (!!!!)I have never been so impressed in my life by the combination of hot women and fire. I knew that in theory, yeah it'd be awesome, but I had NO IDEA what I was in for. These women are seriously skilled, and I love their passion and dedication to put on a great show. They get the audience involved, and exhilarate everyone with their seemingly dangerous hobby of spinning fire balls near their hairsprayed-do. THREE WORDS: Tip Your Strippers.My one complaint about the audience is that people don't tip enough. There is no cover charge, and there is plenty of seating around the stage that it seems to make people think they don't have to tip. WRONG. Dude, these women work for you, and work for your tips. Stop being a cheapster and throw them a few dollars for making your night/week/month.My one complaint about the actual establishment is that the bartenders aren't always so friendly. Even when I go with friends who know them and introduce me, they don't even really bat an eyelash. I guess you get jaded bartending at a strip club, but dude, a smile would be nice. Or eye contact. I'm a woman, c'monnnn. The prices are pretty normal for strip clubs, which aren't great, but I put up with it because I have hot naked women surrounding me. So yeah, I'm a fan of that.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,6/7/2011,64,120,12,16,16>Before you read my review of Hiroshi, you must first take a qualifying exam to determine your suitability for this type of cuisine.EXAMYou are offered a pinkish, uncooked gelatinous blob on top of sushi rice.  The Japanese name for it has no English translation and you have no idea what it actually is.  The smell is reminiscent of dirty shellfish which has been fermenting unrestricted in the open sun for three days.  Do you:A) Refuse and order a California roll instead.B) Eat it and let it saturate your palette for a few seconds before washing it down with some hot sake. You are offered freshly prepared blowfish, which has the distinct possibility of causing a quick, agonizing death if not expertly prepared.  Do you:A) Let your friend eat it first and see if the poor sap starts convulsing uncontrollably?B) Eat the largest, tastiest piece first because you have a portable shot of adrenaline stashed in your jacket and you are prepared to use it?You have in your possession the very last blue fin tuna on earth.   Do you:A) Release it into the wild blue ocean and let nature take its course?B) Fillet the poor sucker, throw a party and feast on blue fin sashimi (saving the toro for yourself)?RESULTSIf you answered A to any of these questions, please skip this review and move onto another sushi restaurant.  Otherwise, walk into Hiroshi's, sit your unrepentant ass down at the sushi bar, throw a bill down on the counter and order omakase (chef's choice).REVIEWWhat might your omakase experience entail?  Black Sea Bream.  Ahi toro.  Skip jack.  Raw ebi.  Sea Urchin.  King crab.  Pacific Jack Mackerel.  There is seafood here that you simply don't find at other local sushi restaurants.Each piece is skillfully prepared in front of you like a work of art.  For example, the Sea Bream was served with a little bit of ponzu sauce and Fleur de Sel!   Another nigri delicacy that I enjoyed was ahi marinated in sake and little bit of soy.I just about fainted when I saw a chef take a torch to a piece of toro, but the taste of the fat caramelized with some special spices was unforgettable.If you are looking for a California Roll, or some cheap b-grade sushi served up on a conveyor belt,  do yourself a favor and dine somewhere else.  Otherwise, let Hiroshi take you on a culinary journey unique to Portland.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,6/6/2011,53,263,16,16,16>Sometimes I just don't get it.  Don't get me wrong, I lurrrve living in Hawthorne/Sunnyside (see purchase of the purple Craftsman albatross in a down market) but as I watch the brutal hand of Darwinian evolution at work where new & old businesses alike prosper & flounder like flotsam bobbing in the waves I can't help but think, "Why?"  Walking by some of the new additions to the neighborhood two thoughts come to mind, "Would the culinary version of the Emperor's New Clothes be dubbed the Emperor's New Spice Rack?" & "Prohibition is now, erm, trendy?"  I suspect some of the popularity results from proximity, being in the heart of the business strip on Belmont, as well as the fact that PDXers will tolerate almost anything if booze is involved, even $14 martinis outside of the Pearl district cuz vodka & vermouth are more expensive when accompanied by exposed brick, no?  Which brings me to my conundrum, why is it that a friendly, reasonably priced place that serves delicious rustic Italian food is emptier than Paris Hilton's résumé?  After walking by this brightly lit & empty eatery repeatedly while on pooch patrol we finally stopped in after perusing the menu & having a random guy walk & by tell us that they have great sandwiches.  Well, he's right, the sammiches are magnifico.  Had the Heel: toothy  housemade meatballs with marinara & salty creamy cheese on a crispy campagne bread with the perfect balance of zesty spices, just the right amount of velvety cheese & marinara so smooth that your tastebuds are awash with waves of juices from your exuberant salivary glands [sloopt!].  All that & crispety matchstick fries for $9 resulting in 2 delectable meals for me & my microstomach (translation: a generous meal for a dainty girl & a nice mealet for you growing boys out there).  Capt Hook satisfied his calzone craving with the Milano: savory housemade Italian sausage, fresh mozarella & grilled onions floating in a delicate marinara sauce wrapped in a flaky crust for $8.  Yum.  Did I mention that it's also a bakery?  They make their own bread for sammies as well as finger licking desserts with a lot of gratuitous moaning thrown in for good measure.  The bittersweet chocolate hazelnut shortbread cookies are enough to incite spontaneous outbreaks of song or at least a sonnet or two & easily worth the $1/buttery cookie or $2.50 for 3 cookies (hey, there's gluttony & then there's sheer hedonism, ya know?).As for the ambiance?  It's so clean & bright inside this small 8ish table space that you could perform appendectomies in the blink of an eye.  A bit on the stark side given how super nice the staff (who are also your cooks) are & homey the food is but I suspect that's more related to the relative newness of the space & a simplified approach rather than any surgical aspirations.  Our sammies were made to order & crisped in the oven & were so scrumptious that mine even tasted finger sucking good the next day cold & straight out of the refrigerator (yes, I'm a philistine & no, I'm not still stuck in the iron age).  My next plan of attack besides snarfling as many cookies & cannolis as possible involves a stromboli (how can you say no to the Romano: chicken, roasted garlic, caramelized onions, provolone & pecorino for $8?), maybe a pasta (hello Baked Ziti, my name is Cam & I like French pop & snowshoeing) & a Twister® mat (don't ask & I won't tell).  For those of you who are card carrying members of the PDX brunch cult, they serve brunch from 9-4 on the weekends & it must be pretty darn good since that's the only time I've seen them busy.  So for those of you who think that blood orange & anise are a match made in heaven [shudder.], the Emperor's New Spice Rack further west down Belmont will be right up your alley.  Me?  I'll be rooting around the pastry case & inhaling anything laced with marinara like a crazed truffle pig.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,6/5/2011,104,175,11,22,10>It would be fair to say that I don't really "get" yoga. If you take a look at the history of my physical activities, you'd see a lot of running, punctuated by a lot of hitting. Soccer, basketball, swim team, martial arts, rugby, and mountain climbing. Not a lot of stillness, and not a lot of focus on self-reflection. My inherent aversion to yoga stemmed from the idea that I'd fall asleep during Peaceful Warrior like some tank-topped and be-legging'd narcoleptic, snoring my way through meditation. Enter the Bhaktishop in all its pink and gold glory. As woo-woo as this might sound, there's a definite aura of love, celebration, joy, and respect in this shop. Everyone is insanely positive, and I've seen multiple teachers with "I Love You" shirts. Some might find it off-putting, but I find it absolutely charming and the best way to round out my weekend. I take the level 2 class now which I find challenging, but doable. I can't argue with 90 minutes of chanting, meditation, and working up a sweat while improving my flexibility. There isn't a single class I've attended that I haven't walked out of with a glowing face and a lightness in my step. The Bhaktishop is, at its core, a haven of kindness and celebration in yoga form. Go get you some back-bending love!
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,6/4/2011,637,638,14,13,14>I once thought I was going to die on this bridge. It was the 100th anniversary party. People came from all over to get on the bridge, dance, awe at its wonder. The bridge was dressed to the nines with fancy equipment ready to dazzle us with photos from its youth. A marching band was even playing..and really that was the final straw. As they played people danced and kids jumped, it was just a full blown shit show. The bridge was in full swing, I mean this as literal as possible. An official of sort actually came over the loud speaker to advise people that for their safety, they should stop dancing. Did the wonderful people or Portland stop dancing? You bet your ass they didn't. So there I stood in the middle of the bridge scared out of my mind. I had visions of television broadcasting telling America how hundreds of Portlanders drowned in the Willamette. So as you might've gathered by now, I made it and the bridge still stands in all of its glory. Hawthorne is my favorite bridge to bike over. I feel it's the best equipped for foot /bike traffic. Despite my story above I think it's the safest for pedestrians, just don't dance. As far as driving goes the commute in the morning on this bridge trumps in terms of congestion Morrison so I tend to avoid it. Otherwise...It has stood the test of time and weight.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/12/2010,6/3/2011,273,418,19,12,12>1) Do you like to pickle your liver with impunity? I'm not talking about having a couple cocktails after work...I'm talkin' close-the-bars-down-on-a-"school night"-and-end-up-in-some-questionable-character'­s-hawttub-pounding-Old-German's. 2) Do you find yourself waking up before God in a quest to climb the highest mountain and punch said Deity in the FACE?! 3) Are you a bored teen with nothing to do in a town barren of 24-hour Walmarts? If you answered "Yes" to one or more of the above, THIS PLACE IS FOR YOU. I came here mainly because it's the "only show in town" (at least as far as I know) as far as places to get a good breakfast/food between the "deadzone" hours of 3:30am and 6/7am. We were setting out to climb Mt Adams and I get REALLY cranky if I don't have food in the morning. The face-melting nu-metal on the jukebox coupled with a "gyro" omelet flanked by a complimentary side of M.A.S.S.I.V.E. pancakes (don't have to pay extra for the 'cakes here kids, they replace the other starches without causing additional wallet strain) was the perfect PUMP UP for a long pack-in on the mount (also: coffee). As long as I'm hitting high-points I'll be hitting this place. I may even do the "1)" setup sometime too...
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,6/2/2011,109,677,27,23,26>Possibly Portland's most famous "brand" of popular food, Voodoo is known nationally and has even crept into some pop culture goodies, including the roller derby film "Brutal Beauty" and the fine, fine programming gem of a CW show, "Life, Unexpected".  There was only one car in the parking lot with Oregon plates.  This location may be more fun than the downtown one, actually, if you want to stay and hang out awhile.  There's lots more room and several pinball machines, plus a funky patio.  It's a bit different experience than the OG VD, though that ridiculous wait-in-line thing they got goin' over there has its own tourist draw, I suppose.  I yelled "F*ck your mother, B*tch Face" (a phrase that I have never used in my life, not sure where that came from) at a pinball machine before realizing there were three small children standing right behind me watching.  My bad.  Sorry, anklebiters.  But let that be a lesson to you.  Nothing good can come of hanging out in donut shops playing pinball.  Don't end up like me.  The donuts are ok.  But it's four stars for the whole wacky experience that is Voodoo Too.  Oh, and this location is now open 24 hours in case you need a bacon/maple fix in the middle of the night.  Which is totally reasonable in this wacky town.  It is just a stone's throw from the Sandy Hut, after all.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,6/1/2011,949,916,6,10,7>This review for Simpatica Dining Hall is long overdue! What can I say about Simpatica that other yelpers haven't talked about? If I were to sum up SDH - it pretty much embodies what the Portland dining scene is all about. Big kudos goes to the Triple Threat - Ben Dyer, Jason Owens and Dave Kreifels for creating such a gem in the SE district.Known for their breakfast menu - this place executes NW culinary flare to the fullest. They're menu changes every week, but they have great benny's, chicken and waffles, and the ultimate - hanger steak.  What I like about their food is that it is very simple and you can tell they put every thought and care into constructing each type of dish.  Got a large party? Highly recommend making reservations. Place is chill and cozy. Staff is friendly and helpful. Noted in Portland Monthly as one of the "Top Best Restaurants 2010" - Don't pass this place up, it's a gold mine.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,5/31/2011,23,54,11,16,13>Why the f@$#^&k haven't I been here before and how soon can I get my ass back to see mama. Ooops, Mama may wash my mouth out with soap.Seriously the best breakfast I have had in Portland. We went during "Biscuits and Gravy Week" and found a special menu of "breakfasts from heaven". You first choose a base (buttermilk or sweet potato biscuits, grits, pancake or hash browns) then slather it with house made gravy (country sausage, chicken, mushroom, meat loaf, bacon or beef) and then you can also top it with pulled pork, roasted chicken, pot roast, meat loaf, corned beef, ham or roasted vegetables. then you can add egg, cheese, etc on top of that. I had a peppery country sausage gravy that was perfect and very peppery while my friend had the bacon gravy. I have to say that the bacon gravy was more that heavenly. The biscuits were spot on also. I want to have the home made brioche french toast with fruit next time as well as go there for a lunch soon. These two sisters that run the place will welcome you at the door and make you feel like family and bring you what their menu calls "the bestest, most yummiest, pile of comfort food you ever put on a plate." And it is. Mama don't lie. Don't forget to get a piece of pie or a cookie before you leave. You will have to take it with you because of being so stuffed from the meal.On Friday's they have home made cinnamon rolls and I have been told by mama that there won't be any left by Saturday. The regulars that stopped in during our breakfast were greeted by name and can you believe a lone violinist serenaded the place with some sweet music during our stay. This has to be one of Portland's best comfort food secrets of all time.Delivery is available anywhere downtown or Pearl District by Portland Pedal Power.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,5/30/2011,196,280,4,7,7>I think I found my favorite pizza place!I was in search of gluten-free restaurants on Yelp & was impressed with the reviews here. The group & I decided to try it & realized why so many great things were said about Mississippi Pizza.My gluten-free eating friends thought their pepperoni & black olive pizza was terrific! The price wasn't too expensive in their minds & for how satisfied they were with quality & taste, there was already talks of returning here for our next outing.I shared a 16" "classic" pie with another friend & it was the most gigantic pizza we had ever seen. There were plenty of pepperoni, sausage, bacon & veggies spread evenly across the pie that one could easily hit each of 'em at every bite. Of course with this monstrous size pie there were leftovers & who doesn't love eating pizza for breakfast?The side spinach & caesar salads are decent but most likely I won't order it again; I'd rather fill my stomach with awesomely good pizza than leaf greens. Save a few bucks, skip the salads & just go unhealthy for the night!There wasn't a moment when the counter didn't have a customer ordering or waiting in line. By the time we left, almost two hours later on a cold Friday night, the line had gone out the door. Live music was playing in the other room so I can see why this place is a local favorite: pizza, beer, gluten-free options, live music & impressive service. Mississippi Pizza just won the heart of another pizza-loving Portlander.
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,3/21/2010,58,56,9,13,9>Recently while moving boxes around in our attic I happened to stumble across all of my old instrument cases.  Feeling nostalgic, I opened up my favorite case for kicks, only to discover a violin with a very broken string (it wasn't even the G-string that broke, which is a shame because I could have made a joke out of that).  Staring at the spastic string brought back many memories, which apparently were all positive, because the next I knew I was driving to East Vancouver scoping out a new string at Beacocks.Prior to my musical lull, I frequently found myself at Beacock Music on some sort of mission.  While I never was a fan of their instruments per say (they seem geared towards beginners), I almost always had luck finding other accessories suitable for whatever instrument I was currently convincing myself I could play.  In all honesty, it would be easy to just order things online, but there is a certain charm about Beacock Music  that makes it a fun environment to be around.  From kiddos joyfully trying out an instrument for the first time to pros showing off their latest musical repertoire, the shop always seems to be full of life. The store itself is conveniently (and neatly) broken up into different instrument family sections, making it easier to find what you are looking for.  Along side of the instruments is a library of sheet music, scale and etude books, stands, cases, pretty much every instrument gadget you can think of, and random trinkets such as tote bags, jewelry, etc.. In addition to their merchandise, the store also holds music classes (both individual and group), an instrument repair shop, and a small café as you wait or shop.  There is certainly a lot going on within the store, but there are enough super laid back, friendly, and knowledgeable staff to help you out.Now that I have all strings in tack, I have been having a bit too much fun pretending to undo four years of not practicing!  While it is safe to say my musical abilities have deteriorated over the years, it's nice to know at least Beacocks hasn't lost its flair!
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2009,3/18/2010,53,263,26,27,26>What $4 will get you in 2009:A)  Shipping for a used book on Amazon.com with $0.01 left over for those 151 out of 365 rainy days.B)  A 0.33 oz bottle of non-shi shi nail polish.C)  Bubble tea with enough to spring for those boba choking hazards.D)  1 golden crispy Liège waffle (Belgian, but better) topped with thick cut Black Forest ham, sprinkled with Jarlsburg & Gruyère, & schmeared with housemade rhubarb-rosemary ketchup + 1 canine groupie.I know what I'm doing with my 4 George Washingtons, do you?PS: Before dear departed President Nixon took us off the gold standard, $4 in 1971 was equivalent to $21.13 2009 dollars.  I'm sure it seemed like a good idea at the time....
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2009,3/17/2010,426,1757,21,26,25>"Tell me about it, stud."There comes a time in every girl's life when you wonder, am I a Sandy or a Rizzo? Good girl waiting for the right bad boy to awaken her inner harlot or bad girl with a heart of gold.  Or do you just want to be fierce and crazy like Cha Cha? When I was a kid, Grease was the word, Happy Days were here again and I wanted to cruise with my friends on a hot summer night just like American Graffiti.  My dream car in those days was a classic Mustang.McLoughlin Boulevard sometimes seems like the land that time forgot.  While much of Portland has moved on to embrace local and organic, and artisan cuisine that is vegan-friendly and gluten-free, the strip in Milwaukie is still filled with car dealerships, strip clubs and dive bars.  So imagine my surprise when I walked into Hot Rod Pizza and felt like I was in a scene from one of my favorite movies.  Plenty of places have a theme and in Portland frequently that theme has become less is more. Bare walls and uncomfortable chairs. But here they have gone all out recreating an era.  The owners are a group of friends and family who are hot rod enthusiasts who consider pizza 'almost like a religion.'  They have put the same amount of love and attention to detail into their new pizza parlor as they did restoring their classic American cars.  You'll never find a fleet of cooler delivery vehicles.  Everything here is customized.  When you walk in the door you can select a tune on the juke box before placing your order at the counter, which is the front end of a '58 Edsel. What I love about the era is it captured that feeling of freedom and the joy of the open road.  Oh, and the color palette.  Red is candy-apple, the metal is polished chrome and the jackets are vintage leather.  Everything here is in Technicolor.The pizza is also old school.  They serve traditional New York thin crust pizza and something unique in Portland, Detroit-style Deep Crust Sicilian.  It is square and the toppings are under the sauce.  We ordered some of each and we loved the Continental (pepperoni, Italian sausage, ham and bacon) and Coup de Ville (BBQ chicken).  They also have salads and pasta on the menu as well as cinnamon knots for dessert.The retro vibe continues to the drink menu where they feature at least five types of root beer, Yoohoo and Coke in glass bottles.  They are still in the process of getting their liquor license, but will eventually serve beer.  The dining room is still under construction and should open in about a week with custom-made booths and stools that will remind you of your favorite soda shop.As you can tell, I fell completely in love with the spirit and style of this place and the excitement of the owners who are living their dream.  The pizza on its own merits is at least a four.  It is closer to what you will experience at Escape from New York than Apizza Scholls.  But here you probably won't experience the attitude (which my family loves at EFNY) or the long lines.  You should factor in some extra time to check out the hot rods in the parking lot while snapping bubbles with Bazooka gum.  "The car is Auto-matic. Its System-matic. Its Hyyyyydro-matic. Why, its Greased Lightning!"
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,3/16/2010,148,236,18,15,12>I'm really hoping that I never have to undergo a colonoscopy.  I'm banking on technology improving dramatically before I reach my 50's.  I've got 20 years left, so I can afford optimism.At the moment, we're trying to buy a house, and it needs a colonoscopy (i.e., sewer scope) of its own prior to closing.  Since there's not an MRI-style solution for sewer inspections, we need the old fashioned  invasive tube-down-the-hole experience.  The gang at Soil Solutions were happy to deliver.  Yikes.Seriously... If you need any sewer related work done, these guys are true pros.  I even got a DVD video of the sewer scope.  I think we'll show it at the house warming.  Isn't that charming?
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2009,3/14/2010,171,101,18,17,18>Screen Door,I love you. Let's get married and have Buttermilk Fried Chicken Babies. Let's ride off into the sunset on a sea of fresh peppery Shrimp and Grits.You have won this Southern gal's heart. And to you i pledge my unending love of okra and black eyed peas. The food. Not the band. I'd never pledge on Fergie.You are instant Prozac and your Rhett Butler cocktails make my toes curl.And all the big bad ass cooks I know back in Alabama and Louisiana would not only save you a seat at their table, but also applaud your biscuits. And so do I.XOXOXOChrissy
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2009,3/13/2010,66,161,7,14,12>Banana. Bread. French. Toast. With. Real. Maple. Syrup.That's all I really need to say. However, it probably really wouldn't help you in your decision to eat here. Maybe I should add in the fact that I also had some of the best biscuits and gravy that same day. Thank goodness for sisters who are willing to split dishes so I could have my sweet and savory that morning. I'm excited to go back to try some of their other options because its cheap and sounds sooo amazing. The fact that I enjoyed both of my options that morning, I have a feeling I would enjoy other things off of the menu.Went on a Sunday morning expecting to have a pretty long wait, because lets face it, most places are packed on Sundays. We actually got seated in under 20 minutes! Granted that was a party of two but as I looked around I noticed several large booths and tables for larger groups.My only real complaint is the fact that the servers do not have set areas. We had two waiters show up at the exact same moment to take our order, they're always running around the entire place (not a HUGE place by any means but it loops around which could make it tough on the staff) and I saw some tables just be missed by the waiters. I'm guessing they figured the other one had gotten it or just didn't realize that they were just seated. Who knows! It does seem for the most part they can keep things under control!Must. Go. Back.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2009,3/12/2010,43,106,6,18,10>Yum!A new Korean soft tofu soup + BBQ place opened in the Fubon Mall, so we had to go try it out. I'm giving SKD a 4.5,  but rounding it up to 5 because it's as good as it gets in Portland! We picked from the combo menu (seafood soft tofu soup + spicy chicken). It was all really good, except for the banchan (side dishes)... which can be improved. There are different kinds of soft tofu soup flavors you can choose from like beef, pork, and seafood. The broth is the same for all of them and you can choose the level of spiciness. Warning: Soondooboo (soft tofu soup) is normally spicy to begin with.... even the medium was pretty spicy.  You also have the option of an egg... the server will crack it in for you, but don't worry because it will cook right away due to the hot stone pot. I like the egg because it neutralizes the spiciness.Unlike the previous soft tofu soup place, Hosoonyi's (which I wasn't very fond of by the way), SKD serves rice in the hot stone pot.  So for those who aren't familiar with the whole stone pot deal, here's the 411:  The server will take some of the rice out of the hot pot and transfer it to a normal bowl and leave the rest of the rice that's on the bottom. He/she will pour hot water in the pot and you're supposed to let it sit for awhile. Towards the end of the meal, open the lid of the pot (with a napkin..it's super hot), and enjoy the warm rice/water. The rice will be golden brown. You can finish off the rest of the soondooboo with the rice/water in the hot pot. I remember reading a review awhile ago and this man was complaining how a korean restaurant he went to burned the bottom of the rice in the stone pot blah blah blah... uhhm, well, it's supposed to be like that! Usually that happens when you order bibimbap (mixed rice) in the stone pot. the bottom gets crispy and you can either eat it like that or add water (it's called nooreungji). The place was super clean and everything is brand new. They even have Korean BBQ tables - I'll try this next time. The service was prompt, but even if they aren't, don't wait around to catch a server..  just ring the bell on your table for service!I liked the soondooboo and the taste wasn't heavy with MSG like some other soft tofu places I've eaten at. I heard all the BCD chains in LA for instance, have changed everything to organic and got rid of the MSG. Hopefully SKD will follow suit!Overall, a great K-restaurant to try out. I would say this place will stick around.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2010,3/11/2010,36,146,6,10,8>We've eaten here twice in the past few weeks for happy hour and have really enjoyed ourselves.  We had the same waitress and she recognized us the second time, which is always cool.  They call themselves a dineraunt, which kind of fits.  The decor is a little swanky, but the food is inexpensive and good.They have some upscale versions of sliders and pigs in the blanket and a daily hot dog.  The first time we were there, the daily hot dog was battered and deep fried covered in bleu cheese and buffalo sauce.  The second time it was a cobb salad dog where the bun and dog served as the lettuce.  We've even heard tell of a beef stroganoff dog...  And the hot dogs are huge!  They're definitely meal worthy.The milkshakes are great.  Very thick and creamy.  They have poutine w/a brown gravy that I like better than Potato Champion.  We were also able to get dinner of wild caught steelhead served w/spatzle zucchini and squash for $12.95.The happy hour menu (3pm-6pm daily) is cheap (everything, was $5 or under) and includes their daily "punch" (sweet tea vodka/lemonade the first time we were there) for $4, house wine for $4 and draught PBR for $1.  Oh, and lots of food!Beer selection on tap is limited to 4 choices.  I have yet to have a dirty martini here, so I'll reserve judgement on that... Maybe next time.Oh!  One last thing.... They have free valet parking at the Marriot (on Oak between 5th & 6th) for 2 hours.  Use it.  It's awesome.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,3/10/2010,145,218,17,15,14>THIS PLACE MAKES ME DIZZY.I am not much of a reader.  I admit it. I do enjoy a good book, but where am?... I am at purple, seeking neon clear. Are you kidding?  This is Book Church.  If you like books you go here, or if you like watching people shop for books, go here.  I picked up pride and prejudice and zombies, it was in at least 34 different rooms...Which floor am I on and why am I surrounded by zombie books.This place inspired me to read, that says an effing lot.  Go here buy books, learn.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,3/9/2010,147,332,8,13,12>The team here is Portland Food Nobility. The attitude is " we're as good as The Best". The space is warm and inviting.  The wine list is inspired and complete. The execution is perfect.  Pancetta, Serrano, Prosciutto. These are world famous names for a reason. They pack intense flavors and chewy textures and fat into every bite. OP is going to put Oregon charcuterie on the map. OP is getting big reviews for their sandwiches, and I'm sure they're great but Spousal Unit and I have been trying to get here for dinner since they opened but they're only open weekday nights for now.  So when we had a change of dinner plans midweek .........You would think a place that, in two months, garners national recognition for its cured meats would have big smoked/cured meat dinners...nope!  We  ordered a bottle of wine (a delish Oregon Gamay Noir) and a charcuterie tasting plate. WOW! A couple of different pates, coppa di testa, two Spanish-style smoked sausages and a few garnishes. Quality. Not a lot, but rich and flavorful and all made right there! Next, we both ordered ....fish! The Barramundi (light mackerel flavor) with a sweet/sour caper sauce was, for this sardine lover, heaven.  The Walu with chorizo, boned frog leg and a pepper relish was just incredible! Now, the way it works here is that veggies are $5 plate and meat/fish are $10 plate. To go with the fish, we ordered 3 veggie plates:Shaved brussel sprouts; escarole (preserved lemon, cured olive, pine nuts, creamy ricotta) and roasted carrots with a cilantro pesto. It doesn't get better.This is complex, creative cooking. This is rich, Mediterranean-inspired, intense and flavorful eating. It's not quantity, it's quality cooking. Put this on the list with Beast, Toro Bravo, and Le Pigeon, Laurelhurst Market, Clyde Common. Certainly as good as The Best. Bravo!!
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,1/17/2013,86,292,2,3,3>Did someone say Wine bar? ....I love a great wine bar!My sweetie and I wanted to grab a few glasses of wine before our dinner reservations, and this place was in the neighborhood. The NW area of Portland is pretty, with it's tree lined streets and old houses, it has a completely different vibe than on the other side of 405. Taste is on a corner of 23rd in a old house, I almost missed it driving by. The stairs are on the side of the house, leading you up the wine bar. The doors were open, letting in the afternoon sun. I noticed it was busy, but still a few tables open. For a late Sunday afternoon, Taste was hoppin! As soon as I sat down, and older guy dressed in a vest and slacks walked over to me. He was very cheery and made small talk while I waited for my sweetie. Later I found out he was the owner, very nice gentleman that likes to chat with his customers.They have a lot of nice wines, and on this day they featured Rose's! Perfect for this sunny day! It was also Happy Hour till 6. $5 glasses of wines, and snacks from olives, deviled eggs, and cheese plates all under $5. The olives were so good, smooth and creamy, I have not found olives that tasted that good!The staff is friendly, and takes the time to make suggestions, and the pours are nice too. I will make this spot my go to for wine in Portland!
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,1/16/2013,52,73,6,12,7>No sushi. No kids. All wonderful!  Four of us came for a culinary adventure, and we got it. Dark and mysterious -- no name on the door -- and on the TV were wild asian soap operas and a live action drama of a panda trying to woo his human office co-worker.$30 omakase brought us an insanely cool assortment of bar food and main dishes: bacon buns, crab claws, squid jerky, kimchi, pickled eggs, sausages with mustard, seaweed salads -- and a lot of dishes I am not sure how to describe in a way that does them justice.  Much of the food I wouldn't have known that I would like just by looking at the menu (or in the light, for that matter), but the brilliance of omakase offers many new foods to try. I enjoyed all of it -- although I think the sausages in spicy mustard are my favorite. Carrie, our sweet and charming server who also tattoos around the corner at Bless This Mess, kept the glorious parade of imbibements (is that a word?  it is now!) coming.  I lost track of how many dishes she brought us -- the food just kept coming. We got lost in complete blissful food pr0n ecstasy.And the drinks -- oh, the crazy drinks! With clever names like "fleeting sip of happiness" (complete with nudie pic taped to the glass) and others I remember as being clever but they were so tasty and potent that the names now escape me. Humongous cans of beer!  Taiwan jello shots paired with another potent alcohol (liquor?  sake?) . Something tall and happy and fruity with a bit of spicy kick in a tiki glass.  Sake in wooden boxes.  Sake in souvenir Miyazaki cups. Japanese whiskey served neat.  The chef, Janis, even brought out a rare woman-brewed sake for us -- apparently the *last* bottle of its kind in the United States.  I am honored that I was able to enjoy that with my friends.It's not every day that we can go on a bender like this, but I love that the prices are accessible so we can return and enjoy our new food and alcohol discoveries.  Happy hour? Oh yes! Very soon.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,1/15/2013,145,186,8,10,12>This is one of those menus that makes the fat kid inside of you wanna shout!  You know, the fat kid who wants to pick you up and spin you around after reading the words "gravy fries" on the menu?  Right here.Gravy fries was only the beginning for me as there were plenty of other things to grab a ketchup bottle prop and air ejaculate over.  I noticed that like me, they have a thing for eggs. Chopped, fried, hen. If you egg  it, they will come. We did not egg it but we did terrrine it, recommended by our waitress who was down to earth and kicked 18 assess.  Typically I skip terrine, something about the texture but this texture was perfect, especially when accompanied by crusty bread, pickled veggies and crispy cornichons.Other noteworthy menu items included duck egg sandwiches, fried chicken sandwiches and fancy corndogs.  After the terrine, we shared the spicy corn which  mirrored that of the L.A style elotes. Spicy, and rolled with Parmesan cheese.  We had a salad that was good but  unremarkable. The star of the evening was really the chicken and waffles.  Juicy chicken breast floating on top of a beautiful, fluffy waffle.  The syrup was not your mamas syrup and more like a soft honey.  I think I may have been shanked with a fork by my husband when I swooped in to try to get the last bite.The atmosphere inside is sorta upscale with a dash of Portland hipster. There is a beautiful bar in the center and a couple of flat screens for sports fans. Outside seating for your dogs or your kids.  Did I tell you about their chicken and waffles?  This fat kid would eat them everyday...
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,1/14/2013,188,386,14,21,18>As noted in a recent ROTD (woohoo!) for King LASIK, I've become the proud owner of a brand new set of eyes this year. No more contacts! No more specs! Jeepers! Creepers!So the logical next step for a girl with factory-fresh eyeballs is to celebrate with eyelash extensions, right? RIGHT!While I had been a long-time lover of fake lashes, and was enthused (and I mean ENTHUSED!!) about the idea of eyelash extensions, I was finding myself peppered with naysayers. Ladies whose extensions had done them wrong. One whose lashes looked like stringy pieces of baby-fine hair. One whose real lashes had withered to nubbins over time and extensions. One who'd had an allergic reaction to the glue and had had to cut off her own lashes. Stuff like that. Naturally, I was nervous. Especially since I'd just already nervously spent $2500 on shiny clearly-seeing eyeballs that I wanted, like a mama bear, to fiercely protect. And decorate.But I still WANTED them! Thankfully -- and I'm not even being sycophantic here -- there was Yelp. I read the story of another woman with a bad experience at another salon, and then followed her breadcrumbs to a winning experience with Midori.Midori does a full consultation before you ever lie back and let her flutter your lashes for an hour. She answers any questions you have, gives you details on the technique and type of glue she'll use, and asks you about your lifestyle, your job, your personal image, your vision, before she sets you up.With Midori's recommendations, you'll get to select the type of curl (I'm a J, not a C), the length, and the thickness of the lashes. She gave me a length suggestion, for example, based on the shape of my eyes, and said that based on my office-casual type requirements, if I went any longer everyone would notice my lashes and I would start to hate them. After my consultation, I was sold.In her studio (which is super private, in that you make an appointment with her, get buzzed up into the building, and are the only one with her in the studio) I laid myself down for an hour, chatting for a bit, and then drifting off into wonder-land. When all was done, I asked her if clients often fall asleep. She said, yes, every one. It is So. Relaxing.When it came time for the Big Reveal, I got short-breathed with nervousness. Oh, God, I thought. Baby hair. Showgirls. Glue-induced blindness. Oh godogodogod.....but...They were BEAUTIFUL. Exactly the lashes I'd wished genetics had given me. Not distracting, not silly. Just subtle and beautiful and MINE ALL MINE.I'm not a girl who goes and gets her hairs did, or massages or manis or pedis. But THIS. This I'm making a regular thing. So now you all know where I got these peepers.Which reminds me, I'd better make my next appointment. This lady is busy as all get out. It's no mystery. Midori sings the fluttery siren song of the lash extension, and it's simply impossible to resist.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,1/13/2013,143,429,6,9,8>I've been here twice now and loved my experience both times.Most recently I came here for dinner with Kate N. and Jaime L. during Last Thursday.  I expected, given the event, that Davis St. would be packed and we would have to wait, but thankfully we were seated right away.First off, our waiter was bloody hot and had an adorable Aussie accent, so Davis St. gets major points just for that.  I briefly considered asking him to read me the entire menu out loud just so we could all sit there and enjoy him for an extended period of time, but thought that might be crossing the line.While we were waiting for our order, one of the female servers brought out a complimentary sample for us to try that consisted of goat cheese sandwiched between a slice of cucumber.  It was a lovely little treat to start our meal.Kate and I both started off with a half order of the Dancing Roots Farm Greens with Granny Smith apples, shaved fennel, almonds, Rogue River Blue Cheese, and a Riesling vinaigrette.  This salad was all sorts of wonderful and fresh with the crisp apple balancing out the creamy blue cheese.I opted for the Anderson Ranch Lamb Burger for my main course.  I am ever on the quest to try every lamb burger in the city, and thought this one looked especially interesting as it was stuffed with Feta, dried apricots, and pine nuts, which I had never seen done with a lamb burger previously.  The customary red onion and mint yogurt topped the burger and it was nestled in next to a heaping mound of shoestring fries.  While the burger was interesting, it definitely came with faults.  The combination of the moist lamb meat and mint sauce soaked up the bun and made the entire thing a bit mushy.  I would prefer to see this same patty done on a more substantial bun or kaiser roll.Shoe string fries usually fall at the bottom end of my fry scale but these were spectacular.  They were cooked just right and flavorful enough for me to wonder if the chef had ever so lovingly dusted them with crack.  All three of us agreed that they were some of the best fries we had had in a while and all nibbled on them as if they were the showcase item.Kate opted for the Mac & Cheese for her main course.  The noodles were enveloped in a three cheese bechamel that looked so velvety and delicious that both Jaime and I had our forks in it before Kate was even able to take a bite herself.Just making sure it wasn't poisoned for her, right?I would definitely order that dish myself on another visit and appreciate that it can be ordered in full, or in half if one wanted to pair it with a salad or soup at lunch.Jaime went with the Seared Halibut with roasted Yukon Gold potatoes, grilled asparagus, Cardoncello mushrooms, and Salsa Verde.  Kate and I both sampled that dish too and it was fabulous.  The halibut was cooked perfectly, balancing the flakiness of the inside of the fish with the lovely little seared crunchy bits on the outside.  I gladly helped Jaime with her mushrooms which were some sort of wonderful on their own.I've sampled the Salted Caramel Gelatto on a previous occasion, and would recommend it to anyone imbibing in dessert, but after our wonderful meal this time we all decided to pass on dessert in favor of sitting at the table and chatting at length.  The place wasn't busy and the staff was in no hurry to rush us out even though we had completed our meal, which was really nice.I am anxious to drop back in sometime to try their Happy Hour (M-F 4-6 & Sat 3-5) and would gladly recommend this as a fantastic place to enjoy lunch or dinner.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,1/12/2013,148,708,6,7,6>We love Abhiruchi. We eat here quite a bit. I don't have a smart phone, so you don't know how often I check in. At least once a month for takeout or eat in or a lunch with coworkers.This time, we had our usual butter chicken ( Princess adores this and kept it all for herself) , naan, saag paneer,but also a couple of new things-- chicken vindaloo ( just yummy) and malai kofta ( BIL chose this, some kind of minced veggie and cheese balls, dense and oddly meaty... maybe eggplant? in a yummy sauce. I wouldn't get them again, but they were interesting). Our food came with delicious rice and the usual papadum and trio of chutneys. But, the surprising star of tonight's dinner?Spinach pakora. I am not kidding. I think we've had them here before, but I don't remember them like this. "This" was tender leaves of spinach, dunked in an almost tempura batter, and deep fried. Crispy, hot, slightly salty... addictive. My ten year old ate them like popcorn. After all my months of trying to make kale chips work for our family, I  have now figured out the problem... no batter, no deep frying. Spinach pakora was delicious. What a great way to get your greens in. Oh ok so maybe my arteries hardened a little... but I'm sure all that spicy stuff helped clear up any issues. Really, I'm sure it did. Go. Abiruchi was oddly empty on a Friday night... I want it to stay in business. Yes, it's in the kmart shopping center, yes it's weird inside, but the service is usually good ( we had a sweet friendly Asian lady tonight and the usual quiet  unobtrusive gentleman both helping us).... and the food is delicious.
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/11/2013,126,2155,6,16,14>Rumors are funny things. Two years ago Portland's premiere (read: only) place to see live soccer without fear of someone changing the channel for some no-name college basketball game (or worse, golf) was set to open in SE Portland. It was called 442 and joined The Horse Brass Pub in essentially being the only places to watch footy in town. (We're omitting Kells.) But both are bar atmospheres. One has pretty crappy pub-grub, one has a more traditional Bosnian (and surrounding area) menu.Then one day about a year ago I heard on a soccer field that a new soccer bar was set to open in North Portland. Internally I called BS on that. Yeah right. Everything like that goes in SE. Everyone knows that.Wrong. Eventually what was just a rumor kicked around after playing pickup became a news snippet on Eater. And then a Facebook page emerged and then a Facebook soccer group I oversee was amazingly invited to a soft opening and then...Long story short, Radar is here. It opened last night. It's on N Mississippi right next door to Bar Bar. Hurry up. Go. I can hardly contain myself. Initially I assumed Radar would be something akin to "442 North" but it's quite different. Not that different is bad. They're an American tapas focused restaurant/bar first and foremost. The bonus is that the owners just so happen to love footy and want it playing all the time. While they get things dialed in their hours are 4pm-10pm (Tues-Sun). During that time they show replays of the day's soccer games on two TV's at the front and back of the space while dinner and drinks are served. Radar is by no means a traditional sports bar and that fact is -quickly- growing on me. Watching footy in a slightly upscale dining environment is a welcome change. The atmosphere is such that you could come in casual attire, a jersey, or be dressed up a bit, and not feel out of place. (PRO TIP: If you walk in wearing a Tottenham jersey you'll probably be physically embraced by the owners who are big fans.) The rest of the space is warm and clean with an open kitchen, plenty of seating at the bar, two-toppers along the adjacent wall and two larger tables by the front windows.Did I mention the owners (Lily and Jonathan) are super cool people?Between my two visits I've tried probably 80% of their food menu, and about 30% of the drink menu including cocktails and beers. If you've read other reviews of mine for tapas places, you'll know that I have consistently not been a believer (That's a nice way to say I've been a hater) solely on the grounds that I too often go home still hungry after dropping $50+. I have to admit that Radar's food quality is quickly changing my mind about tapas, and I don't say that with any "there's soccer on TV, of course he likes it" bias. I went home more than satisfied, on the brink of full. Their food is masterfully good. It comes from two extremely humble chefs (one is an owner) who serve eye-closingly delicious small plates that run roughly $5-9. Such as...-Beef Cheeks, Orca beans, Greens,-Smoked Bluefish Pate, Crackers, Pickles-Brisket, Soubise, Fried Shallot-Country Ham Croquettes, Red Eye Aioli-Pork, Cotija Grits, Chili Vinaigrette-Pimenton Potatoes, Bravas Sauce-Baby Octopus, Hummus, Chive Oil-Catfish, Fennel, Apple, SquashShall I go on?You can wash that down with beers ranging $2-7 or one of the pretty amazing cocktails between $7-10.Still hungry? How about homemade desserts including ice cream?Granted, as is the common sense with any tapas restaurant, you should probably not be coming here absolutely starved or you're potentially going to leave with a big bill and (maybe) still hungry. But if you're looking for delicious food delivered in sizes (and prices) half that of an entree of similar quality to split among one or more guests, this is a great place to be. Take small bites. Close eyes. Moan.Sometime early next year they expect to know more about opening during the day for live games. They also said they're building a patio in the back where they plan to project games onto a huge wall. This means it will be a great spot to check out some summertime Timbers away matches where if yours truly gets a little toasted he can walk home and not endanger any lives.As an aside, I love that this restaurant will be somewhat immune from Portland's professional circle-jerk food scene. While the owners have experience in fine-dining culinary backgrounds, they've most recently been involved in restaurants in New York and are not big names in Portland (yet). When the usual food critics around town begin to review Radar it's refreshing to know the high marks will come because the food/drink offerings, atmosphere, genuine owners, and staff are letting presentation and execution of their product do the talking. Not because of the ass-kissing expectations of 'who's-who' food scene politics.I love when a good rumor turns out to be true. Welcome to North Portland, Radar. Stay as long as you like.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,1/10/2013,207,465,9,17,13>So in Hillsboro there is this doofy strip mall that seems to be where restaurants go to die. I mean, it's oddly placed, the driveway for it makes no sense in the set up and...I've been in that strip mall strictly ONCE since I've been in Hillsboro (about 4 years).  But I'm a sushi junkie and my boyfriend is not - I've calculated it and I want sushi 9x times more than he does ever. The conveyor belt style is a good solution so he can just pick whatever floats by instead of ordering and being disappointed. This place is brand spanking new and I hope it's around awhile. First off, the decor is gorgeous. That usually means dip and s**t to me, but when I'm already digging a place I notice these things. They have two large screens at the bar itself with a movie or sports playing. Now to the food - first off, it was a little bit before dinner time (or on our weekends, lunchtime!) but the belt was full of choices. And guess what? The plates are $1.75 regardless of whatever. Oh, well now it's just time to go to town. Each roll was completely fresh & very well prepared. From the rice, to the veggies, to the fish - fresh, fresh FRESH. There was a variety of rolls "rolling" by (see what I did there) & the sushi chefs checked in frequently if you wanted to order anything. Oh! And unlike any other sushi conveyor belt place, their tempura had shrimp. Yes, shrimp AND veggies. What. Service was spot on, almost a bit overbearing (but I will cut them a break since they are new). When I swiped a tempura dish, the waitress asked if I wanted some tempura dipping sauce (has never happened before at any sushi place ever!!!) and refills were quickly offered on our sodas. Like I said, happy to have a new sushi joint & will be back. As much as my lovely boyfriend lets me or I go by my dang self!
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,1/9/2013,426,1757,9,15,13>Coulda, shoulda, woulda...I coulda written my review during their first week of business and waxed poetic about this beautiful addition to downtown Milwaukie. I shoulda written my review after an absolutely lovely private dinner a few months later. It showcased Chef Pascal's skills in the kitchen as well as his charm as a gracious host. I woulda written my review earlier this year after countless breakfast and lunch visits, but I was on a Yelp break.But, here we are, just days past their one year anniversary and I am finally getting around to praising one of my favorite spots in 2012. While I love a high-end place, there is great joy seeing quality ingredients and high execution in a casual environment. Variously described as a deli, coffee house, wine shop, grocery store, pastry shop and community gathering spot, Chef Pascal Sauton has created a space that feels like a breath of fresh air in Milwaukie. It is a bit like a French version of Pastaworks with more hospitality... sit, stay, drink, dine. Most food can be eaten on-site in the casual dining area, but it is also readily packaged to go. And they offer cooking classes, both by Chef Pascal and other local talent. I'm also a fan of their special events and this open space is well suited for a gathering.While sometimes it can take a new place a number of months to find their groove and execute their vision, from the beginning it felt like they'd been there forever. After all, he had years at Carafe and other restaurants to hone his craft. From my perspective, it certainly started strong and continued to build during their first few months. My best experiences have been ordering breakfast and lunch items off their small, but fascinating menu. The lamb sandwich, which I once described as so messy that it looked like a crime scene on my face, was certainly an early favorite. And I guess I'm not the only fan since they recently won Best Lamb Shoulder and People Choice Award at the Portland Lamb Jam (who knew there was such a thing?).I like that food is served on cooking trays and the coffee is from Portland's Ristretto Roasters. Sometimes I grab a cup of coffee while browsing the shelves and other times it is a place to curl up with a book or hang out with friends and enjoy the more relaxed pace of life in this little community on the cusp of Portland.The four star rating is because like many small businesses, service has sometimes been erratic and prices (esp. for the grocery items) are high. Things have continued to evolve with a few changes to the menu and now the introduction of dinner service starting this week (6 days a week, 5pm to 8 pm on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Sunday from 5pm to 8pm. Friday and Saturday, 5pm to 9pm.) I'm just happy to be along for the ride as they continue to grow and become a fixture in this community.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,1/8/2013,36,146,10,12,12>Beard Trim + Bourbon + Cigar = $8 + tip = Happy MeChase has been my favorite barber so far, and he specializes in long hair, so when I have needed to get a full on hair cut/trim, he's been spectacular.When you buy a gift certificate for someone, they use custom hand crafted old-timey cards to do so.The upstairs is a full on bar, so feel free to skip the facial/head treatments and just go get yourself a drink or a snack.  They have free wifi, too, so it's a fun place to do some work.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/9/2013,342,431,7,11,9>The Liberty Glass ended up on my list of places to hit up simply because they were the only place I was able to locate out of many places that served GoodLIfe's Descender IPA.  I'm a huge fan of that beer, and being a huge fan, I had to try it on tap.  With a few strikeouts using taplister.com, I ran a google search which led me here.  A patron checked in 15 hours prior to my Google search, and mentioned he was sippin' a Descender at The Liberty Glass.  I gave them a quick call to confirm the brew was there, and it was. Something else that intrigued me?  While calling around to ask about the availability, The Liberty Glass was the only place who didn't talk to me like I was insane for asking.  A few other places must have pictured me in a padded room or something... We arrived around 2pm on a Sunday.  This is a quiet, mellow, laid back place that grew on me minute by minute.  Why? The simpleness.  They weren't trying to be something they weren't.  It's as if TLG says, "Here I am! Love me for who I am, or get the **** out!"  Which I doubt they would ever say ****.The waitress we had was great.  What I found humerous was that she somehow knew I was the guy that called and asked if they had Descender on tap from the day before.  I laughed and admitted it was me.  She actually agreed that it's hard to find and she was quite a fan of the beer herself.  I appreciate you understanding my love for that heavenly beverage.We didn't explore the menu since we were stuffed from a large brunch, but that was just fine.  Great service with fantastic beer is a win-win in my book any day.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,4/8/2013,83,121,,12,4>***UPDATE******Dear wonderful world of Yelp. A moment of silence please, allowing the residents of St. Johns to mourn a life cut too short.  Chris and Julie are not continuing their contract to run J&R.  There will still be a restaurant at the some-day-to-be hotel.  And Julie and Chris are looking for new ways to share their talents with us.  So keep your eyes and ears open for the up and coming.***Residents of the unofficial city of St Johns rejoice!  There is a new addition to our expansive collection of bars that until now have fallen mostly into the dive bar category, with an occasional hipster options thrown in for good measure.  The team at Juniper & Rye still have work to do, but are already on the right track to a perfect blend of friendly local bar with a more upscale vibe.  Opening night was a huge group effort with friends and neighbors kicking in to get the doors open to the public.  The bar has been cleaned up considerably from the last crusty tenants, and they have some good ideas for what they would like to do with the expansive space.  I could happily spend hours here just for the music playlist alone.Chris is still of course a master mixologist with a devotion to the classic cocktail, who made CPK the unexpected, surprise hit under the bridge.  Do not go to this bar and order a vodka redbull.  Trust your bartender to serve you something unique and delicious.  The menu is an obvious homage to some of the creations from CPK, sadly however, the kitchen staff at J&R do not yet do it justice.  I saw a wedge salad that was chopped lettuce, the Parmesan truffle fries came out without Parmesan, and I heard similar things mentioned about food that was perfectly fine, but didn't wow.  The menu seems a little less made-lovingly-from-scratch than I have come to expect.  I know that sincere recommendations will be taken to heart, and I expect to see huge improvements over their first few weeks in business.
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,4/7/2013,145,186,9,16,10>Vintage stores in Portland are like malnourished hipsters; they're everywhere. Yet finding one that isn't swimming in overpriced stank or self serving attitude, can often be a problem.St. Johns Vintage is fairly new,  but already they've managed to perfect a winning formula.   Their shelves are not overflowing with heavy, overpriced items that a grandma just croaked in. Well a grandma may have just croaked in them, but it shows that they have taken the time to carefully examine each item before shoving it on a rack and praying that somebody buys it.  I have purchased a number of items there including one of my signature dresses and a pair of cowboy boots that I always get compliments on. Their prices are more than reasonable and this is why I keep coming back.  If you are not into vintage clothes there is an entire showroom of furniture, hats and shoes in the back.The owner is funny and helpful and doesn't throw a fit when I shop with my dog, Chito.  Great job in leading by example, St. Johns Vintage. I look forward to more unique finds and friendly chats in the future.
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,4/6/2013,130,164,9,11,9>Ok, so once in about a million years, I am wrong about something. This would be one of those times. I have been back to East Side enough to qualify as a Yelp regular. Their meat heavy sandwiches on gloriously bad for you white sub rolls are my second biggest crush (after Nathan Adrian, because OMG have you seen that guy?). I always seem to get their Italian sub or another multi-meat special whose name escapes me. Aside from being a tad salty, they are so, so good. I recently branched out and tried the Fra-a-nch dip.* Pair that with some mac salad, a bottle of bubbles and college football and you've got the perfect Saturday, dudes. The prices are extremely reasonable - a 12" sub could easily feed three. Mexican Coke and other non-HFCS sodas are plentiful. I haven't tried the vegan offerings, but you could slap some veggies on Dave's Killer Bread and not be gluttonous like yours truly. The service is always super friendly and they still seem to have raided my iPod for their music choices. Pro tip: Order your sandwich, stroll over to Hawthorne Liquor (same parking lot), pick up some booze. Boom. Two birds, one stone. *I just now got the "Better off Dead" reference. See? They're THAT cool.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,4/5/2013,188,386,12,13,15>I'm on to you, Nudi, you Asian Fusion Geode. Unassumingly hiding away in plain sight all this time. Pretending to be a plain ol-plain ol' noodle slinger, when inside you're a tiny world of wonder... Don't think you're getting away with it. I'm telling everyone your secrets.My parents and I were lucky enough to stop in here on the eve of Christmas Eve and I was pleased as punch from the very first step into this fairy land. The decor is charming as can be. Everything on the menu looks delicious. The service was SO nice and SO pro. When someone at another table spilled their water, it was quickly and cheerfully addressed, almost as if it were part of the show. When a table of 11 entered without reservations, several tables were efficiently jostled together without a care, and the eleven happy diners were magically whisked into place. When my 78-yr-old meat-and-potatoes style stepdad mortifyingly asked for salt because his dish was "too bland," the smiles never faded, and both soy sauce and salt were offered with grace. And even with that, the menu was varied and accessible enough that he was willing to try something different from his m&p routine, like a noodle-strewn gateway to exotic cuisine. And he liked it just fine. The Asian Rice-Krispie appetizer thing was the best ever. Our main dishes were flavorful and huge and the leftovers were a next-day delight. I love how noodles are even better as leftovers. Mmmm. Noodles.My mom had no leftovers, as she finished her enormous soupy bowl (I'll figure out the names of things eventually) and was still raving about her dish a few days later.So. The thunderegg's broken open now. There's no going back. Strike that. There's no question: there's absolutely going back.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,4/4/2013,276,315,15,11,10>I'm an equal opportunity coffee joint patron.  And, in my 'hood, I have as many choices for my daily jolt of decaf as Kim Kardashian does in terms of ways to annoy the general populace.Coffee Time is definitely one of my go to's.  Not only does the weekday morning barista know my usual hot beverage order, the fact that they serve Water Avenue brand coffee makes the decision clear and easy.  (They used to have Dragonfly or Caffe Umbria or some such lesser quality coffee, which kept me away in the past.)Food stuffs: Pastries and a few bagel sandwiches.  Nothing too substantial, but decent enough to keep me entertained.The place is deceptively spacious.  Don't let the primary vestibule fool you into thinking, "This is it?"  Walk back beyond the restroom, and you will discover a backroom oasis secret porn dreams were made of.  Whenever I want to work in peace but not feel completely isolated, I plop down on one of the multiple seating options in the back room.And that they're open fairly late into the evening for a place that doesn't sell alcohol, and remain crazy busy thanks to the tasty coffee and free wi-fi, makes me a definite fan.Oh, and I'm the Duke of this joint, btchs!** This statement is true as of the completion of this review.  No claims of enduring dukedom intended.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,4/3/2013,200,109,7,10,4>There is nothing not good about this place. Nothing, ya hear? As usual, I had avoided this place for two not-so-good reasons:1. It's in the Pearl. No self-respecting reverse snob Portlander will ever admit to actually enjoying anything in the Pearl. So of course I had to feign some nose-thumbing.2. It's a martini bar. Being something of a cocktail purist, I am of a mind to think that martinis ain't martinis unless they're gin 'n' vermouth shaken-not-stirred and very little else. Frou frou drinks in stemware need not apply.Turns out, just because it's in the Pearl doesn't mean it's full of assholes. I mean, sure, there were a few bored-looking ladies with spray tans and hair extensions and a couple dudely companions with biceps and fancy sunglasses at night and ridiculous timepieces, but the waitstaff were perfectly friendly and provided timely service to my extremely large table full of rowdy, hungry thirsty companions.The atmosphere was great - big comfy booths, mirrors, cool lighting, exactly dark enough to make your drinking companions look hotter than they normally do - everything you want out of a boozey lounge.Now, let's talk about the drink menu. ERMEHGERD, LET'S TALK ABOUT THE DRINK MENU. It is amazing. Uh. May. Zing. I could have ordered one of everything on there, but then I would have no money left for the mortgage. But that would be OK because everything I ordered was delicious.The "pooh-tini" (honey and vanilla vodka) was like a nectar of the gods. The elderflower drinks (yes, there was more than one) were incredible. I tried every single drink each of my friends ordered and every single one seemed worth the full price paid. Each was delivered quickly despite the crowd, and our waitress was eminently patient with us as we hemmed and hawwed over which delicious beverage to order next.Next time, I'm coming back for the storied happy hour, so I can afford to sample even more of their wares.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,4/2/2013,122,59,10,20,13>I've waited long enough on this review so, let's begin.Do you know a lot about cars?  Do you understand the operations of engines, transmissions, drivetrains, suspensions and the like?  Are you also working on your own car?  if so, then you need read no further.On the flip side, do you fear lifting your hood?  Do you even know where the latch is?  Is there about a 50/50 chance that you could find the dipstick on a sunny day?  Do you fear going to an auto repair shop knowing that your n00bness is written across your forehead or chest and you will be taken advantage of by unscrupulous mechanics who smell easy pickins?How about the folks in the middle?  You know something about cars...maybe do some of the minor work yourself (oil changes, brakes, etc?), aren't afraid to pop the hood and even know where your fuse box is and how to change them out?  Know the difference between a tie rod, axle and driveline?  Maybe it's easier and more convenient to take the car to a shop during your work day than it is to crawl under the car during your precious time off?Enough buildup.  Tom Dwyer's is solid as hell across all fronts.  They know most makes and models and bend over backwards to make your experience there the best you could ever imagine...seriously.  Is your car less than 15 years old?  Then they will be able to take care of you in all likelihood.  Why 15 years?  Their philosophy is that after 15 years, your money is better spent on a newer car...that the repairs will mount and it is no longer cost effective to continue to fix your old hooptie.  And no, they don't sell new cars as a side business...it's just smart thinking and they're not trying to take your money doing a bunch of avoidable repairs.Hell, sometimes they're not trying to take your money at all.  I have been there on two separate occasions where they have put my car up on the lift, actually done some work and refused to charge me...not a single thin dime.  This after taking me to work in their shuttle.HonestEffectiveReasonableThese guys are the real deal. A knowledgeable shop you can trust...and who can put a price on peace of mind?  I won't take my business anywhere else...ever.And I appreciate the owner's politics...but you don't need to agree with his politics to take advantage of the service he provides.  These guys are one of the good ones and I would give them more stars if I could.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,4/1/2013,207,465,13,21,17>A few things have happened recently to reduce my desire to drive home to Seattle to visit my family. Those things are the 3-4 random dash lights on my car flashing on and off. I checked the engine, it was still there....but then the brake light started going all crazy and decided long trips are no go. I'm sure you'll eventually see a review about me finally taking my car to a mechanic* but not yet!So I've sought alternative method to do the PDX to SEA and back. My true love is the train, but apparently Amtrak thinks their trains are made of GOLD sometimes and the prices are nutso. I took the Greyhound...once. And that's that. So turning to BoltBus recently, I was pretty pleased. Booking is a total breeze on your phone or online. Prices - reasonable! I have yet to snag that $1 fare, but it's between Greyhounds "you really pay for what you get" and Amtrak's "excuse me what!?" prices. Unfortunately I plan crappy so I never get these $10-15 roundtrip things people rave about but I blame me. Bus - newer! Clean! Comfy! Spacious! Electric plug ins on most seats! I love it. I know there's wi fi but I read the reviews prior and didn't bother with it. I pre-loaded videos to keep myself amused. Bathrooms don't make me want to die in a fire. The driver's are whatever. The first driver barely looked at anyone, the 2nd one was nice and hilarious. It doesn't change my opinion a TON but I like cheerfulness anyways. The stops are amenity free - 6th & Salmon for PDX and by King St in SEA. King St is on the SEA Bus Mall so there's stuff there but the PDX stop is so random. Oh well, again, don't care that much. Also I've showed up 5-10 minutes early both times. I'll be back, I know it. *because I freaking hate car maintenance!!
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,3/31/2013,376,599,14,13,11>The high dive - the one at the pool, ya know - used to scare all but the literal crap out of me. During the debacle of the summer I took swimming lessons, I was the kid who climbed up the ladder and froze at the top, making the other students waiting behind me grow mutinous. All the swim instructors had to assemble in the water below and coax me to (fucking) jump already. Still I balked, and the awkward interaction between water sports and me reached its Hiroshima.Praise your god and goddess that there is no such reticence between me and the High Dive, the bar, near Hawthorne. I'm a much better drinker and hanger-outer than I am a swimmer. They have cheap beer in cans as well as Old Fashioneds crafted with Bulleit and thick lemon zests as well as free reign for any of the food cart dishes around the corner, so there's an appeal for any kind of imbiber. It's a testament to how skilled we are at hanging out at the High Dive, because we started there on Friday, headed up to another bar with the rest of the group, then decided to return to the High Dive as a splinter faction. A splinter faction of hanger-outers. And while it appears that the group dynamic has ensconced the High Dive in a solid four-star place, I'd even go out on a limb and give it five.As long as that limb is not a crazy-tall diving board. Jebus Fries, never again.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2010,3/24/2011,53,263,17,18,15>Death by kimchi isn't such a bad way to go.  On the scale of ignominious deaths it's got to be better than getting run over by a Smart Car or some form of kinky asphyxiation during grandma's 86th B-day, right?  Have been salivating from the mouthwatering aroma of BBQ wafting from this place whenever we're out & about & finally took the plunge.  Tried the $7 kalbi plate:2 strips of beef short ribs, 2 scoops of rice, salad, & homemade kimchi.  Adding a healthy scoop pulled pork for another $2 turns it a feast for 2 with enough tender smoky pork leftover to have your own canine groupie.  As for the flavors, while they're not very traditional they are definitely scrumptialicious.  The kalbi was well cooked & the marinade was salty-sweet with a hint of garlic & no discernible heat.  At first I thought I'd hate the wet sticky rice as the texture was somewhat pasty but the nutty salmon-colored curry-based sauce it came with won me over.  As for the homemade kimchi, it was piquant, refreshing, & strangely our favorite of all the offerings.  Which brings me to the conclusion that pickled cabbage is a gateway drug, & explains why I was rooting around it like a truffle pig on crack.  At least that's the story I'm sticking to.  Next time will spring the $2 for an extra short rib instead of the pulled pork-- altho it's tender & smoky, I suspect it would taste better as the $5 sammich option.Given the great location, on Hawthorne right in front of House of Vintage, I suspect they will develop a slavering cult.  Not only more witnesses to my voracious snarfling but potential waiting for my newest addiction.  Good thing for me I can call my order in en route [cha-ching!].  I swear there's crack in that delectable marinade, or maybe the zesty kimchi, or even the redolent  smoke enticing you down the hawth, nostrils aquiver & salivary glands in overdrive.  Maybe it's not death by kimchi but drowning in my own saliva that will get me in the end....That's better than asphyxiation, right?
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,3/23/2011,104,175,18,18,19>Anyone who drinks with me on a regular basis knows that I have a terrible drunk memory. Like, awful. Mockery-worthy. Between being teased constantly and always forgetting names of bands I should check out or beers I tried and loved, I started writing myself notes on my phone. They're conveniently broken down into categories like "How I Know This Person," "Booze Finds," "Tunes," and "Important Things People Tell Me That I Should Probably Remember."We'll come back to this.I've been batting around the idea of a capsaicin molecule tattoo recently and, after securing a source of moral support, did a quick search for tattoo shops that encouraged walk-ins and were rated highly on Yelp. Boom: New Rose. A phone call confirmed availability, and I even (with four hours' notice) wrangled myself a 5:30 appointment with Kim. For the rest of my work day, I had a sneaking suspicion that something sounded familiar. When that happens, it usually means booze was involved. iPhone notes were consulted and, whaddaya know, a note from last May (shamefully uncategorized) that simply said "Kim Kress and New Rose Tattoo." With this confirmation of my accidental good taste in hand, I traipsed off to the adorable shop and met Kim who did a lightning quick and awesome job of resizing and placing my molecule tattoo (and telling me that her husband *also* has a capsaicin molecule tatoo -- we're good people) and kept me laughing during the whole tattoo process which is great when needles are repeatedly being jammed into the back of your thigh. Overall, a really great experience. Friendly, welcoming, hilarious, efficient, and she even seemed excited to do the tattoo despite it being the most boring kind - simple, black, and all line work. I want to draw a clever conclusion, but all I can say is DRUNK IPHONE NOTES WIN.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,3/22/2011,637,638,23,20,22>My clothes nearly fell right off my body when I walked in. It's just that sexy. Secret Society Lounge is the perfect name for this place. Another good name would be " Take your date here and you'll get laid " but that's a bit long.The ambiance is truly intoxicating. This place is tiny, literally  the ladies rest room is bigger...really though. Even though there is an over abundance of reviews...it feels like a well kept secret. Alas, not well kept enough for there not to be a wait. I loath waits, just cannot handle them. Consequently I try to come at off times and have never had a problem.The drink list is absolutely decadent, chills ran down my spin. A word of warning for the mans man, they are pretty big on silly steam-wear. I love exotic glasses but when you think you're ordering a stiff drink and it comes in a martini glass it can be a little emasculating.  I've had quite a few things off the menu. The most surprising of which was the popcorn. I worked at a movie theater growing up, this isn't my first time at the popcorn rodeo..but it sure felt like it! Popcorn has never been so classy. Other delicious picks include mac and cheese and steak bites. If you have a hot date on the horizon may I submit my nomination for Secret Society as your destination, you wont be disappointed....if you know whaddamean.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2010,3/21/2011,273,418,18,12,7>"Even though I trudge through the darkest barcrawl, I fear no hangover; for you are with me; your broth and your beef--they comfort me." Phosalm 23:4Yep, Pho has become my go-to food when I'm feeling crappy (whether self-inflicted or as a casualty of co-workers competing over who can go the longest without using a sick-day).  You'd think this would've operant conditioned me to feel like crap at the thought of Pho, NOT SO.I am no Phocking expert, but my roommate purports to be and he says this is the best Pho he's ever had.  My exposure to pho is pretty much this place and Pho Hung and I think they're both great.  I mainly come here because it's pretty close to me.The number of ways they have managed to mix-and-match beef here is incredible.  Beef tripe? Beef Brisket? Beef Tendon? Ribeye Beef?  I like that.Oh, and the prices are CHEAP.  $6.50 for a filling lunch?  Heck yes.Great place to eat in this winter we're about to enter, or if you're feeling ill, or if you think you *are* the Pho King.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,3/20/2011,109,677,24,17,19>RAWR.  Tiger Bar, along with its other sexy kin including Devil's Point and Dante's, is a great spot and the location of my very first karaoke performance ever, just a couple of months ago. I'd bookmarked this place (to review) in April 2009, totally forgot about it and deleted it, but then due to what's become a regular Thursday event, Karaoke from Hell, it's time to recap this madness.  I was really skeptical of this idea of the live karaoke band at first, but holy hell it is fun.  They truly want people to do well and will speed up/slow down, fill in vocals if needed, and have a great time.  Really fun band.  Bartenders are sassy and sexy.  One of them gave me a recent hot tip on where to find a necklace made out of brass knuckles that says, "Bitches Get Stiches".  Their sweet potato fries with coconut and chili sauce may be one of my favorite bar snacks of all time.  Wicked rad art on the walls, great drink specials, and good music all the time round out the reasons why we collectively love this place.  You will encounter some colorful characters out front, some panhandlers, some regular neighborhoodies, and in general, people who like to party.  Sidling up to the bar encouraged, don't be shy.  It can be tricky to get up to the bar when it's busy, but just bust through the rock and roll crowd, no one will mind, I promise.  -I owe the recent TB revival to Joe M, Danni D, Jarrod S and Chrisi B.-I owe the Anna B Karaoke Debut to Amado L. and bourbon.  -I owe many rides home from this place to Matt E.  -I probably owe the Devil my soul, but let me tell you, the night we spent at Tiger Bar during Fleet Week when it was packed full of sailors was worth it.  RAWR.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,3/19/2011,949,916,8,10,8>Did I just die and go to heaven?!?!??!?!? Because I did when I went to Laurelhurst Market! Which is why I wanted to dedicate my 300th (yes my 300th! Yay me!) review to Laurelhurst.I've been WANTING to try this place for the longest time! And I finally had a chance to try the place out to celebrate two of my buddies' birthday. For a party of nine we dined and enjoyed 2 bottles of wine (1 red and 1 white which we brought to the place). Your first two bottles for "corkage fee" is $15 and after that I believe it is $30 (don't quote me on the $30 but it's close to that price). So I must say this place doesn't really have an ample parking lot, so you might want to look for parking around the neighborhood and walk a block or two to the place.  When you walk in they have a little deli area where you can get market meats sliced up or you can get some sandwiches during their lunch hours to go.  The place is pretty much a bit cozy and they have the Portland communal dining tables going on if you're into sharing your space with neighbors. But you can also have a table to your own if you like your privacy as well.  They have a small bar and you can totally see the kitchen which is right behind the dining area. So Laurelhurst serves their food a la carte kinda style. My meal for the night:APPETIZER:- Crabcake: lightly breaded, medium amount of crunch, what I liked about this is that they had a lot of crab meat in the cake. It was complimented quite well with the light green salad.-Charcuterie Board: included a lot of different pate's, salumi, pickled red onions, smoky mustard with mini-crustini to spread upon. MEAL:- 45 day aged Rib Eye with Truffle Demi Glaze: complimented with waffle shaped chips. The meat was utterly amazing. It was cooked to perfection and the flavors that emitted from every bite of the meat was savory, powerful, leaving you wanting more and more. For this special of $45, I thought it was worth every single bite. Why am I still longing for these flavors?!SIDES:-Fingerling potatoes with oil cured olives, black garlic, hazelnuts - was a decent side dish if you want your set of carbs but this one didn't really blow me away.DESSERT:- Enjoyed their Praline Caramel Cheesecake, which I must say hit the spot to a wonderful, flavorful meal. The graham crust was so buttery and it was pretty much devoured in a minute or two.Would I go back? Definitely! I highly recommend this place for a date (maybe even for a special occasion such as an anniversary or something). But definitely worth spending money at this joint. Yes it's a bit on the pricey side, but the place packs a lot of flavor and TLC (tender, love and care) into their dishes.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2011,3/18/2011,113,108,7,13,7>For me, Thai Peacock gets 5-stars for their won ton soup alone!  I'm no connoisseur of won ton soup (or any soup, really), but I don't care, this is the only soup I ever crave, so it earns these stars for the peacock.Other won ton soups can be bland with just plain chicken broth, some soggy won tons and a few leaves of cabbage.  This won ton soup is the antithesis of that yuckiness.  The chicken broth is rich in flavor with spices that I can't identify, but that my taste buds love.  The won tons are filled with an amazing ground chicken based filling that tastes amazing without any kind of dipping sauce.  This soup is different every time I've had it because they fill it with all kinds of fresh veggies.  I've had it with crisp tender bean sprouts, all sorts of yummy greens, sprigs of cilantro, carrots, daikon (I think) and even peas.  I love that it warms me up and is so delicious!I find that this yummy concoction is the perfect comfort food for whatever ails me - illness, winter chill, the doldrums.  They wrap it well to go so it makes the perfect gift for any friend who feels under the weather.  I find it odd that this is the soup I crave to make me feel better because usually the best part of soup for me is the crackers for dipping.Their won tons taste great fried, too, which I found out recently!  They might taste even better this way than in the soup.  The fried crispy texture really adds to the delicious filling and the dipping sauce is the perfect compliment to these little packets of deliciousness!  I could've eaten the entire order by myself (there were 6 or 7), but I'm glad I got to share them with my dining companions.  The deep fried version of the won tons is just icing on the 5-star cake here!I also like their noodles and entrees.  I like that you can order each dish to your personal spiciness level preference.  But, really I'm just thinking of the won tons, so I'll let you read everyone else's reviews to find out about the other food.Everything I've had here from Pad Se Ew to the Spicy Garlic has been yummy, but what keeps Thai Peacock on mind and will keep my feet wandering through their door, whether in their delicious soup or deep fried, is their won tons!
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,3/17/2011,24,53,6,5,4>I am really fond of Indian food.  The smells and tastes of spices from far away lands.  It is all so wonderful.  I've eaten here a few times for lunch.  They have the usual Indian buffet offerings with a few out of left field choices sprinkled in which I like.  And it's always well stocked no matter what time in the lunch hour you arrive.  My one and only gripe, and it was really bad this last go around, was the amount chicken bones that could be found in some of the curries.  And I'm not talking about little cute milk bone shaped bones.  I'm talking about bones that could be fashioned into a formidable prison shiv.  Children, snitches and prison guards should be warned when dining here.On the whole I like this place.  It's clean, the staff is friendly, and it's priced about the same as any of the other Indian joints in the area.  Definitely my go to Indian food buffet while in the burbs.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,3/16/2011,228,95,11,22,16>Hands down the best dog park in the Portland area. Having a separate area for active dogs and shy dogs means I don't have to worry as much about my big, goofy lab puppy mowing down someone's frightened chihuahua. The fact that there's running water means the water bowls are constantly full (plus there's a doggie height drinking fountain that's always filled with fresh, clean water) and if your dog gets too dirty there's a hose just outside the entry/exit gates to clean them off. The whole place is very well maintained, I have never once seen a shortage of poopy bags, which are offered in several locations inside the play area, and there's a very clean bathroom for us humans to use. Yay! I always feel bad for my pup when I have to make her leave dog park before she's ready because there's no bathroom there and my coffee has made its way through my system, and the fact that the bathroom here is sparkling clean is a super-extra bonus. Generally everyone I've talked to here is very nice. When we first went I was afraid it might be a bunch of snooty Lake O people (which we did run into once, but only once) but what I've found is that there's a pretty diverse crowd that comes. There's a group of older women who come every morning and let their dogs play while they chat, there are students from the nearby colleges, there's older and younger couples and singles, pretty much a little of everything. There are 4 or 5 picnic tables to sit at (no food allowed) and one is under a cover which is helpful for when the rain suddenly kicks up. I like to bring my homework and try to get some reading done, though I usually end up watching the dogs play and chatting with other doggy parents. Oh, if you leave hungry I recommend a stop at Curry in a Hurry that's a minute down the road if you're heading back toward downtown Lake Oswego. Very yummy, reasonably priced, and very quick. I like to pick up dinner there on my way home.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,3/15/2011,4,89,11,7,7>Everything you could want from a trendy breakfast joint, plus gravy on top. My arteries and stomach literally went to war when they heard my friend and I order biscuits and gravy as an appetizer. Can we say "huge freaking delicious biscuit action"??? I would, but my mouth is full of biscuit. After recovering from the gravy covered ecstasy we moved onto a mountain man size serving of sour dough french toast. As wonderful as this place is my trainer has requested that I not ever go back, ever again. Its a good thing I don't pay her to ruin my life...
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/27/2012,345,531,5,8,5>On any given sunny day you will find us kicking back soaking up the rays, throwing back a couple of pints just living the life. We like to bike here and when we are feeling very adventurous we will walk and take one of the dogs but sometimes he acts like a dick and so we usually just bike here. Everyone there is in a good mood, this is most likely due to the awesome times and beer flowing from the brew bus. There are plenty of seats/picnic tables. Some really great mexican grub from Velas food cart and plenty of room to park your bike. At night they have a fire pit. Is there anything this place did not think of?Bring cash.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,7/26/2012,400,884,9,13,8>I've driven by Frank's Noodle House at least a zillion times and every time I've thought, "Dang, I need to try that place someday soon." Funny, I've been thinking that for about a year and a half, but never made it happen. I actually stopped by a while back, but found out that they're not open on Sunday. Curses, foiled again. Well, I finally made it in recently and I'm really glad I did.The dining room looked very clean in this mom and pop shop. I was amused by the bright green tennis balls affixed to the legs of every table and chair. I guess they want to avoid scratches on the hardwood floors. Tacky as hell, but whatever works.Lots of tasty items on the menu--not just noodles. I wasn't sure what to expect. I thought perhaps it was a ramen type restaurant. I was glad to see they serve mostly Korean items. We ordered the handmade noodles with shrimp and the bulgugi. I liked the noodles a lot more than the beef, but both were very tasty. Portions were generous and there was plenty to share family style. Good stuff.Service was friendly and attentive. Our food came out of the kitchen pronto. I liked the kimchi and radish appetizers. You can never go wrong with kimchi. I like Frank's Noodle House and intend to make it FRANK'S Frank's Noodle House. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,7/25/2012,196,280,8,10,11>The #8 bus is just steps away from Brunch Box. After eating a "YouCanHasCheeseburger", or maybe the "Trial by Fire", you may feel the need to seek medical attention due to tachycardia. That hospital on the hill could help you with your rapid heart rate but why spend thousands of dollars for a physician to diagnosis you with cardiac overload, aka love?YouCanHasCheeseburger is manageable. You'll feel gross & ashamed yet happy & satisfied at the same time but I want to tell you it'll be okay. The burger is made up of beef or veggie patty, lettuce, tomato, american cheese & grilled onions. What's holding all of this together? Two texas toast grilled cheeses. Holy butt Jesus! Why didn't someone think of this sooner? The one change I'd make is substituting the processed cheese with Tillamook cheese. BTW, the mayo, ketchup, mustard concoction tasted a lot like the special sauce on a Big Mac.My bf ordered a veggie Trial by Fire. I don't know if I was more impressed with the burger or how quickly he ate it. I guess it was good. Along with the same veggies as YCHC, the TBF is different in that it contains pepperjack cheese, grilled jalapeño, bacon & Aardvark habañero sauce. Being the vegetarian that he is, the bacon wasn't added & the regular hamburger bun was substituted for texas toast at no additional charge. Damn, that's awesome.Plastics are accepted with an extra $.50 cent charge. BB is open until 8pm weekdays so don't pay attention to their website. It lies but I'm sure it's not intentional. Toss an extra $2 & you've got yourself a combo meal. Breakfast is served ALL day. So what you need to do is grab an order form, mark what you want & within 10 min you'll be in burger heaven. Have a good day.
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,7/24/2012,127,273,7,12,8>Now this review might come across as incredibly specific, but seriously folks: best place in the city to sit down and write.  I come here in early weekday evenings, get myself a drink - and the drinks here are /crafted/ - and I write.  The atmosphere is something I'd expect from a movie set on a ship in the late 1800s.  It's like being in the belly of a whale.  Dark, smooth wood, cocktails in gemtones, life in other places.Kask gets down to business and those cocktails do /not/ mess around.  If you're looking to get drunk classy style, or get creative in a dark dingy corner that's a lot cuter than you'd expect a dark dingy corner to be, well, Kask's got your back.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2012,7/22/2012,434,336,10,14,14>I like to roll into Clyde Common for their popcorn and Heavy Petting. No, I'm not mistaking it for a date at The Living Room Theater across the street. Clyde has a happy hour that I'm quite enamored with. Their popcorn with pimenton rocks my world.The first time that I tried Clyde I was out with a few friends. We had been having drinks at several stops before coming here for a late night happy hour with food. I made the mistake of asking for a well drink. DO NOT do this. They will look at you like you have 3 heads, and belong at the Yamhill Pub. This is a proper cocktail bar, so you will not be allowed to drink swill. I do have to admit that there is bit of pretension here. Just know, and embrace it, and you will be fine.Now, to the Heavy Petting. It is a cocktail made with Monopolowa vodka, grapefruit juice, Aperol, quinine syrup, lemon peel. I usually get this, or whatever they are serving from the punch bowl. Their other cocktails are excellent too. Because I like my bourbon, I will order a B.M.O.C. (bourbon, raw ginger syrup, Angostura, soda water), or Bourbon Renewal on occasion. A word of caution. Any of these fine and tasty cocktails will knock you flat on your ass, sending strange Twitter & Facebook updates in no time. Pace yourself. You have been warned. They are so delish though.The popcorn. I have been trying to emulate their version at home. It's popcorn, right? Whatever they're doing with it is pure magic. Like curl your toes goodness. I also have a thing for the grilled cheese with aged sharp cheddar, and wild mushrooms. I can't have happy hour without ordering the almonds and olives. Again, simple. I love nuts, but I like them roasted nicely. There is a teeny tiny fine line between too raw, and burnt. Somehow, they always find that sweet spot. The items on happy hour that I have listed above keep me coming back.On my last visit, my friend Kim & I wanted something sweet to polish off our HH smorgasbord. We ordered the chocolate fudge cake, with peanut butter frosting, peanut brittle, and cream for dessert. So rich and good. Almost more like a pudding.You would think with all of this gushing, that I would have made it in for lunch or dinner. Well, that is in the works. Until then, I am going to be content with popcorn & Heavy Petting.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,7/21/2012,236,543,5,13,11>Fried chicken. My best yet in Portland. Retrolicious lays down a simple menu of tasty Southern-inspired food served from a pink cart by a couple who are owning their vintage threads and vittles. They get Southern-style hospitality.These skinless boneless bird breasts brine in an herb-infused buttermilk baste by moonlight. Then they are breaded in a just spicy enough floury coating before a trip to a hot steely pan. They are panfried homestyle, not deep fried in seventh circle of hell oil that's been cooking for a week.The result is a good build of crunchy crust with some heat, some salt and some secret spices. Doesn't seem greasy. I had mine Southern banh mai-style on a good quality bun, toasted and buttered, with fresh tomato and their slaw of red and green cabbage and grated carrots. Served with some chips on the side and with a plentiful supply of napkins for the drippings. You can get it in salad form, too, not sure what they do with the butter though.They are only open days now 11AM-7PM so plan your Southern family dinner early! You can get them to go, but no guarantee the lid will completely close over this plump bird sandwich! So bring a carrying bag!
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,7/20/2012,78,198,8,15,14>The current economy sucks! Jobs are hard to come by. Fortunately, I have had luck finding some pretty stable temporary assignments. One of the benefits of selling my skills all over town is that I get the chance to test the area's culinary capabilities. The night before a temp job, most people would probably research the company, so they raise the chances of being hired permanently. While I might do that too, I mostly research yelp and my eating options. As I walk into new establishments, I almost feel like a yelp spy-and my experience reads more like a yelp review than a diner-you know what I'm talking about, "The ambience is two stars, but the food is a solid 4!" And reviews start to form in your head while eating-comparisons to similar cuisine, and colorful descriptions dance through your mind. Sometimes, if the food is good enough, the review center of the mind shuts up for a moment, such as my trip to Amelia's. I just enjoyed the food rather than critiqued it. You get a good portion of delicious handmade salsa with an addictive tortilla. I've been here twice, purchasing salsa to-go both visits as well. This was the day Hillsboro started growing on me. Downtown Hillsboro is really quite charming, and I got to drive through town to get to Amelia's. In Portland, you'd have to pay to park-here I got free front door parking, it might as well have been valet.As for the food, I've had both moles so far. I preferred the green one, but both were bursting with flavor-they also let me order a salad instead of rice. The salsa is some of the best I've had, and I can't wait to try many other dishes, which I'm sure are all expertly crafted with care. This lady sure can cook!
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,7/19/2012,18,98,15,4,4>I think my husband has met his 'hot and spicy' match at Soi9. Here's my $100 tip for future diners: When you order a dish spicy "HOT," you WILL get it that way.Hubs, who lived in Mexico for a spell, prides himself on  being some sort of hotness afficionado -- meaning, there's no amount of hot that he can't handle. It's sort of a macho thing with him and a little on the unbelievable side. I've always expected that one day, I would live to see the fall of the braggodocio, which happened last night at Soi9."Give it to me as hot as you can make it," he asks boastingly to servers at nearly all Thai and Mexican restaurants. "I can handle it. I used to live in Mexico. Blah blah blah."Usually, unbeknownst to him, there's some degree of translation between the server who takes the order, and the kitchen; a translation that is hidden from him:Server:  "Hey, there's this goofy guy out there who wants his Grilled Chicken with Papaya Salad as hot as you can make it,"  (wink, wink)So, the chef thinks to himself, "Well, I don't want to make it so hot that the poor guy can't handle it and complains, so I'll make it medium-hot."Well, that quiet exchange didn't occur at Soi9. Apparently, the chef heard, "As spicy as you can make it," and delivered exactly that.I played it safe and ordered the Panang Curry Beef, mild. It was love at first bite.I was also completely entertained by Mr. Macho Guy-I-Can-Handle-Anything *Cough-Cough-Tears-Involuntary-Sweating-and-­Twitching* as he attempted to soldier his way through the papaya salad. It was so hot, he said, that he could not taste the poultry at all. I was sweet, and refrained from openly mocking him through most of the dinner.Eventually, he asked me for some of my Panang sauce; reasoning that if he poured some of that over the salad, "The curry will tone down the spiciness of my dish." And at this point, I couldn't resist the urge to laugh any longer, and handed him a spoon.We really enjoyed Soi9. Really. I just wonder what happened to his insides as that food meandered below his esophagus.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,7/18/2012,637,638,9,11,9>I had long heard people singing Podnahs praise. Not wanting to be the odd lady out I just smiled and nodded assuming with a name like "Podnahs" it had to be some exotic indian restaurant. One hangry (hunger that leads to explosive anger) morning lead me to brunch at Podnahs. Menu/Price is irrelevant when it comes to hanger, they just need to offer food and have a short line. Podnahs met all of these qualification. Podnah's is Meatastic, flipping to bird to all of Portlands vegetarians. Ribs, Brisket, Pulled Pork, it's all cooked to absolute perfection. Like any responsible BBQ they offer a solid variety of sides. You'll be hard up to find a better potato salad in town, this coming from a potato salad enthusiast. Other highlights include coleslaw and mac n cheese. Really, if you insist on skipping meat you could make a 5 star meal comprised solely of sides. I'm not to impressed with the corn-bread...there I said it. Now, lets talk about the "Magic Hour". What is the magic hour you say? It's 12-1pm on the weekends where they serve both brunch and lunch. That means you can get a biscuit AND potato salad, which are normally on separate menus.  Let me tell you, you want a biscuit...you want like 10 biscuits. I'll end this glowing review by sharing that I just had to let my Father know about my good fortune of having found this place, who just so happens to be a born and raised Texas cowboy. I knew without a shadow of a doubt that even he, with all his Texas pride with give his stamp of approval. After lavishing over the details of my meal I mentioned " I don't know why it's called Podnahs...I thought it was an Indian food for the longest time. ". There was a long sad pause where he was obviously lamenting not having imparted important life lessons to his offspring, " It's Texan for Partners".  My Bad! Come on down Podnahhhh!
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,7/17/2012,45,259,19,12,12>"3000 calories" That was the chef's smiling and joking response when I asked "how many calories in a schnitzelwich?"That can't be right.  But damn, if it is 3000, it might be very well worth it.I've eaten Tabor at least 5 times. It is so good it haunts me. The Schnitzelwich cannot be beat. Both the chicken and the pork is absolutely fantastic.This is basically a BIG piece of chicken or pork, seasoned and breaded on a Grand Central Ciabatta roll. Their horseradish sauce and the veggie garnish on top & it is just soooo good.To let you know just how good I think Tabor is- on a previous day, I arranged to meet a friend at this food cart for lunch. However, this was one of those crazy Portland days where it was sunny and clear one minute and pouring down rain the next. We abandoned our Tabor plan in lieu of sitting down *inside* at a table for lunch somewhere else.To appease my Schnitzelwich hunger, however. I decided to get one to go for my dinner later. As I got in my car, it just smelled so damn good. I took a bite. Well, one thing led to another and long story short- I had to find something else for dinner cuz I ate the whole thing in my car RIGHT AFTER I HAD EATEN LUNCH SOMEWHERE ELSE.That's how damn good this sandwich is.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,5/12/2008,45,71,11,7,8>But you're thinking, "I don't need any embroidered hankies or sugar bowls! My closet simply cannot hold any more crinolines or fancy dresses!" This place will make you think otherwise. And among all the clothes and handbags and beautiful home items, there is quite an extensive collection of vintage kitchen things. I don't know about you, but I can kind of use an old-timey egg beater. It's personal.And the thing is, and this is the part that really gets me going, the ladies who work at Lived-In Lover are unbelievably friendly! And helpful! And gosh, go the extra mile when you find this beautiful sheath dress that seems to have at one time belonged to a set, and call you when they've discussed the dress in question and realize they had the matching jacket in the store all the time! Because the sweet sweet owner had been working her fingers to the bone in the process of DARNING the LACE to make it proper again. But really, you're not allowed to buy any more fancy dresses, no matter how much you want to kiss the ladies behind the counter. I mean you can; I just can't. I mean I'm gonna; I'm just going to have to hide them.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,5/11/2008,171,101,8,8,9>MY KENNY AND ZUKE'S STREAM O CONCIOUSNESS(a.k.a. FOOD PORN)fresh bagels made the way all bagels are meant to be made. they have come to the end of the line and have reached their bagel destiny. my mouth waitscraving delicious cream cheesey fantastic-ness.with shallots? sure.with olives? you bet.plain? why the hell not.Nova lox that look as pretty as they taste. I wait patiently (tapping my hand on my wallet and resisting the urge to throw myself against the glass case holding my future meal)the smell of freshly cut smokey meats hits me hardand i close my eyes and breath it in slowlydo i want a sandwich?they make a smoked turkey sandwich that makes me want to cry.rye bread mustard LOTS and LOTS of shredded fresh turkeywith Russian dressing lettuce tomatoOr the famous Pot Roast sandwichopen-faced covered in just enough onion gravy to make your breath funk-a-licous, but also make you thinkthis is DAMN WORTH IT.Pastrami mommyyou are too much for mei will bite you from time to timebut you are overwhelming, my dear.though, i will gladly sink my teeth into your eggs bennyanytime you want.my sweet and salty jewish deli.you are the real deal.you are the cream in my stumptown coffee.and most importantlyyou had me at knish.oh baby yeah. ;)
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2008,5/10/2008,46,48,9,9,8>I was one unprepared uneducated stupid man when I set foot into Forest Park and started to traverse on the Wildwood Trail. With nothing but a t-shirt, jeans and non-hiking shoes on a sunny day, I actually came close to accidentally going full-circle around the 40 mile loop. I sort of put two-and-two together that this was no walk in the park (well, no walk in your average small non-40 mile-trail-bearing park, anyways) when I kept seeing people with backpacks, water bottles and, you know, just stuff people take with them on a forty mile hike. I'd see the map every now and then and think "Hmm, that's odd, why is it showing me a map of Portland? I'm just on this one stupid dinky little trail." Yup, I'm retarded and kept going for what very well might've been 20 miles before I turned around and said screw it, the whole trip I think went from 7-4pm, so prepare your day if you take on the challenge and DUH bring water bottles and don't expect to be walking the following day 'cause your feet will not feel like it if they weren't trained for it like mine!
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2008,5/9/2008,107,111,27,18,15>The Crystal Springs Rhododendron Garden is Portland's largest and most over-the-top monument to fertility. If you can plan it right, you should try to make sure every romantic moment in your life happens right here. Couples on a first date who haven't quite gotten that first kiss should have no trouble coaxing it out here. If all the beautiful flowers and cute animals everywhere weren't enough, the big fountain in the middle of the pond should put the right idea into your date's head. Later on, you can propose to that special someone here and pretend you were the first to think of it.If you have your wedding here, parking is an issue, as is carrying all the catering items from the parking area to the reception area. On the bright side, singing the "Happy Working Song" from the Disney film, Enchanted, will prompt the squirrels and ducks and other cute animals to help you set everything up and clean up afterwards.If you're having a tough time deciding whether you want to procreate, there are usually enough well-behaved, cute kids here to push you over on the side of spending the quarter million dollars it will cost you over 18 years. And then you, too, can take your own cute, well-behaved kids here and hear them scream, "Look at the weird duck, Mommy!"After the kids are long gone and your hair has grayed, you can come back and live it all over again. (The park is wheelchair accessible.)
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2008,5/8/2008,4,22,7,1,4>Oooh...Ohh...Yes!Yes! Yes!Yes! Yes! Yes!YYEEEEESSS!They hit my flavour spot every time!!!(I'll have what she's having)
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,5/7/2008,295,77,28,19,20>.                                             Generic Hot Sitcom ExtraGet lost creep! I wouldn't sleep with you even if you were the last man on earth AND we were both stranded on a desert island.                                              Obligatory Lovable Sitcom WomanizerSo, you're into role playing? Kinky. How does tonight at eight sound to you?                                              {Canned Laughter}HA HA HA! This is my life, except I am the hot chick, Fuego is the last man on earth, and the desert island we are stranded on is the office wasteland around SW 1st and Columbia.  Oh yeah, and on this desert island I {blank} the {blank} out of Fuego on regular basis.I previously worked close to Pioneer Square, and regularly snubbed the Feugo carts I would pass on my way to something better. Well, times have changed. My new gig has moved me closer to the river. All of the lunch places in this area suck hard and I was left with no choice but to enter the belly of the beast. Call it "Burrito Stockholm Syndrome" if you must, but have grown to like - NAY - love Fuego over the past four months.  The burritos are more in the earthy hippie realm than the authentic Mexican one. One might think of them more as burrito inspired wraps if they need help easing into eating them.Fuego isn't about greasy fatty ingredients found in most other Mexican carts. The burritos are filled with brown rice, grilled chicken, fresh salsa, and black beans. If that isn't healthy enough, one can opt for a whole wheat tortilla, yogurt instead of sour cream, and top it off with fresh spinach for only fiddy-cents.Fuego is a solid three star cart, but I'm giving out an extra  one because, well, they are the most edible thing within five blocks. But to be fair, at this point I would probably continue this Fuego habit even if "The Professor" figures out how to make a telephone out of coconuts and manages to get us off this crazy island.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2008,5/6/2008,241,429,10,13,9>I hate shopping for clothes.  Hate hate hate.  I'm very stereotypically male in that regard.  I don't like the process of shopping and I'm clueless about fashion.Before the UYE Alibi I had some time to kill before catching the Yellow line and decided to check out Lizard Lounge, because I need to update my wardrobe (see above and consider that the pair of jeans I bought last autumn were the first I'd bought in years, and the first new style of jeans I'd bought in a decade).I go in just to look around, they've got a ping pong table and First Thursday stuff but these are all distractions to me (other people might dig it, so it didn't cost them any stars).  I'm looking around and I guess the stuff is cool and all (CLUELESS!) but I can't really tell.  They're still unloading winter stuff and I'm looking confused with all the signs to that regard when one  Amanda asks if I need any help.Wow.  That's a dangerous question to ask me.  I should have come clean right then and confessed my complete ineptitude, but poor Amanda had to discover this throughout the course of the adventure we were about to share.I say I'm looking for a casual lightweight jacket.A: "Sporty casual?  Casual casual?"JW: "Excellent questions you're asking."She was not only very helpful and patient to the level of sainthood, she was persistent in trying to encourage me to rely on my own taste, to find something *I* liked, that *I* was comfortable in, because I, after all, was going to have to wear it.  But I'm giving up on gray t-shirts and baggy jeans for a reason, so I'm sticking with the expert advice.I found several jackets that I really liked but they didn't freaking fit!!!!  Just like at UO everything was too tight across the back and through the biceps. I'm no 'roid freak, where are these mere wisps of men they're designing this stuff for?Obviously, no stars lost for that, either.  Cool shop, stupid designers.I did end up buying something.  Hopefully all of the staff at Lizard Lounge are just as helpful as Amanda.  Because I'm probably going to have to go back to find a hat that goes with a brown jacket.Did I mention I'm clueless about fashion?AND I caught the very Yellow line to the Alibi that I'd been killing time for.
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2008,5/5/2008,93,278,7,5,4>Sweet fancy Moses!  That is some fine fatness going on!  The menu is simple - you got your meats - ribs, chicken, brisket.  You got your sides - cornbread, black-eyed peas, coleslaw, etc.  And you got two sandwiches: a wicked pulled pork and a succulent BBQ brisket. You got your Anchor Steam on draft or if you're in a non-alky mood, Crater Lake Lemon Lime bitters from a bottle.  Plus some other stuff.Comfortable, friendly (as long as you are not a farm animal of the meat-bearing variety) and - for me and mine - devastatingly convenient.  I can barely remember what vegetables taste like...
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,5/4/2008,29,46,10,11,4>I didn't get the nickname "babylegs" for nothin--pants off the rack never fit me!  T.S. Cleaners has saved my short leggged/long panted life.  I am always nervous about bringing my pants to a dry cleaner to be hemmed, but T.S. helped to cast all of my worries aside.  I have had 15+ pairs of pants (no, I'm not quite a shopaholic, I've just been disguising my over-length pants with super tall heels for a long time) and they have all come out beautifully.  I have had both new hems created, and kept the originals, and they all look great.  Best of all, alterations are done in a matter of 2-3 days.  T.S. is also a great place for dry cleaning.  I have had nothing but great results with my clothing.  I even entrusted them with my most precious shirt, and they gently removed a nasty marinara stain, restoring it to good-as-new status.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2008,5/3/2008,426,1757,13,13,12>Naan.  It is all about the naan, man.  My current food obsession that just isn't stocked in most stores.  Freddies - nope.  New Seasons - the guy in the bakery had no idea what I was talking about.TJ's is the place.  Not only do they have naan, they have five varieties, so I loaded up on garlic, tandoori, whole wheat, etc. last weekend.  Then you get the hummus quartet for dipping and it is a party in your mouth.  Lake Oswego is my usual store, but I've been to this one several times in past couple of months on weekend mornings and always had a great experience.  Compared to other grocery stores they have the nicest (and dare I say cutest) staff.  This location is actually larger and cleaner then the LO location.   I imagine parking can be a nightmare, but I've been able to park in their lot with no problems every time.  This is also a store that it is impossible for me to leave without buying curries, tortilla chips, wine, chocolate (those peanut butter cups are insanely good!) and flowers.  I never buy flowers anywhere else, but at TJ's they have the most beautiful (and affordable) selection and they last for weeks.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,6/26/2012,429,96,8,10,9>I just want to buy a vat of S+S's Honey Lavender ice cream, plop down in a hammock and consume it all in one sitting. Yes I believe it is completely do-able. Challenge accepted.It was my first visit. Tried Honey Lavender, Bury Me in Gold and Green, and the Almond Brittle with Salted Ganache. I wanted to try a sample of every flavor but there were just so many people and it was so busy! So sadly, I only got to try these 3. All of them were delicious but my favorite is definitely the Honey Lavender. I plan on returning (many many more times) to sample a scoop each.BEST ice cream I've ever had. And way better than Molly Moon's (Seattle). The flavor combinations are incredibly unique and creative (like Honey Balsamic Strawberry with Cracked Pepper, Rhubarb Crumble with Toasted Anise, Dandelion Sorbet, Apricot Wheat Ale with Candied Peppers, Banana with Spicy Monkey Caramel and Walnuts, and many more). Also the cone I had was tasty - and I never usually like cones!S+S, you stole my heart. You make my tastebuds melt :)
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,6/25/2012,86,292,4,22,10>After a hazy afternoon in the Dundee Hills of wine tasting, we decided to stop at Paulee for some small plates and crafted cocktails....Paulee is new to the area, in the formerly farm to fork location, they just opened this weekend. We were excited to try them on their first night open, as we have been anticipating their open for a few months now. Chef Daniel Mondok and Brandon Tebbe are the guys behind Paulee. They have created a place to come in after at the end of your day and have fresh local food, wines/cocktails, over great conversation. We have been here when it was the former place, but wow....what they did to the inside was amazing! Hard to believe this is the same space as before! The huge floor to ceiling wine cellar is the first thing you notice. It separates the bar from the open kitchen and more dining area after that. It's all glass with metal shelving, absolutely beautiful with all the wines displayed. Across from the wine cellar is a wall flanked with wine glasses. The bar is beautiful with a walnut live edge. The space feels modern but warm with materials from metal to wood and rock. The fireplaces are covered in sheets of metal from floor to ceiling. They do have a patio area with another huge fireplace, but it's not open just yet, I'm sure it will be in the near future. I could see myself lounging here in the warm summer evenings over wine!The staff is very, very friendly. They give that genuine feel, making sure you are happy with every aspect of your dining experience. From the moment we were seated to the time we left, everyone was very friendly. The staff at the front door greeted us with a smile and said no problem when asked if we had reservations. We had the choice of sitting at the bar or at the chefs counter....oh yes, please seat us at the chefs counter. This was going to be an awesome dining experience! As we were seated, Chef Mondok was already in action. The open kitchen is very open! In the front they are 2 chefs preparing raw dishes, Mondok had his table behind them. Then the full kitchen crew was behind Mondok. There must have been 8 chefs in that kitchen! It goes way back, with white subway tiles, and glass jars displaying dried goods. On Mondok's table, there were a row of glass jars all filled with fresh herbs that he used as he plated the dishes that were going out. Yes, I have to admit we were a little star struck watching all this action right in front of us. The dinner menu consists of small plates, starting with what they call "raw". It's broken down from starters to entrees. A lot of seafood and meat, but there were many I have never heard of or tried before. I love seeing new dishes on a menu! We had to start with the Sea Urchin! But before we could order, 2 plates were put in front of us with some interesting textures and colors. Compliments of the chef, out waiter say, Amuse-bouche. Raw salmon with oyster and seaweed on top, it had our taste buds awake for sure, excited for more! The Sea Urchin was not what I had expected...very creamy! I had never had this sea creature before so I wasn't sure what to expect, but this, oh this was so good, I wanted more! Paired with cauliflower and egg brulee, definitely something new for me! Cuttlefish was our second. What was a cuttlefish I wondered...well I had to try it. It reminded me of a breaded calamari. Served with leeks and peppers, it had a kick to it, but was very fresh tasting. By now we were enjoying a few drinks and sampled a little of what they had to offer, when the chef came over to us and asked how we were doing. The place was filling up fast, every seat was now taken, the chefs were busier than when we first got there, but plates and drinks were still coming out quickly. Next we tried the Turbot....again I had no idea what a "Turbot" was. It was a white fish, that had a thick crust on top. Smells of maple filled the air, but did not taste of maple! Served on top of a bright green sauce with asparagus and radishes cut so thin, they were almost transparent. Flaky and fresh, we were pleased with this dish also. The choices for the meat plates were duck, pork, or beef. we choose the duck breast with forbidden rice and baby bok choy. What is this ":forbidden rice" we wondered? It was black as night with bright green bok choy on top! and the taste....oh my, it was so good and creamy....not spicy, but a smoky flavor, it was a smoked black tea jus. Oh and the desserts were to die for also!The attention they put in every dish really showed. We had the BEST dining experience here. From the food to the staff, even the broken light incident that happened, were all fabulous. Nice to see this what would be labeled as a "Portland restaurant" out here in wine country. This is exactly what this area needs! We look forward to trying their brunch menu in the near future! Cheers to Daniel and crew!
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,6/24/2012,107,287,8,9,6>I really like wine. I don't know a whole lot about it, besides the fact that I enjoy drinking it, but at least I know that I think it's delicious. And when I saw them working on a brand spanking new wine bar (that's a bottle shop as well!) literally a half block down the street I was very excited. The wine is all fantastic (not that I know enough about it to tell you why). They have the shop separated out by the taste of each of the bottles. For example whites are on different sheets as "Crisp" or  "Juicy" or "Soft" or the very nice sounding "Luscious". I love that! I also love that I can walk said half block after work to get the wine for myself and coworkers and can tell them the price and what I want they will give me three different options. That's awesome!But it's not just about the bottles (no matter what my liver tells me) sometimes it's about the glasses. And the dinner. Which is also nice. And tasty. And on 23rd. (I'm beginning to see where they got the name).
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,6/23/2012,87,106,8,10,8>What have I done to deserve this, something so freakin' tasty?  Miho is like the Japanese mother I always wanted.  Tucked right along Interstate Avenue, the yellow craftsman style house just looks so inviting.  As I ride the Max past this place, I think, "Is it weird if I stop by, just for a little bite?  Just to say hi?"  No, I'm not weird.  If you go to Miho I think you will understand why I've become a little obsessed.Nothing against tapas, but Izakaya food kicks its ass.  Miho hits the spot every time, whether I'm ordering the calamari salad, tofu and greens (from their garden), pork meatballs, loco-moco, or the well-done pork belly and egg.  If you're with a friend or two, then you have the opportunity to try the huge variety of dishes. I appreciate how the menu is broken down by price (2-4-6-8-10) and the portions are appropriately sized.  Somethings on the $4 are a really good deal, while maybe someone would be disappointed with the portion given for a more expensive item.  I usually start with something small like kimchee, then work my way up to the meaty items.  If you leave this place hungry, you're doing something wrong because even on my college student budget, I still have to be rolled out the door.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,6/22/2012,258,331,5,18,8>Today was my first float ever, and after this great experience I plan on trying all the float shops in Puddletown. I did a *lot* of research and once I felt ready, a Groupon for Float On magically appeared!The people who run Float On are so wonderful - they have a lot of passion for floating and are eager to teach you all they know.  They offer free floats to volunteers and artists....anything they can do to spread the word - they're not just business owners but generously community-minded.That being said, Float on is, well....rustic. I know they have a devoted following, but they could increase their membership even more, with just a couple of detailed improvements: One is better lighting.  It is so dark in the tank rooms I lost my black socks after the float (on a black floor) and couldn't find them, so I left them.  Before and after the float you should be able to turn on an overhead light and get organized.  (Also....how can someone clean the rooms thoroughly without a good light?  Just sayin'. )Second, there was an old fan next to the tank, salt stains on the mirror, shower and walls, some kind of light blue duct tape wrapped over the tank light, and an old door leaning up against a hole in the wall....just sort of a general disarray and lack of aesthetics in the tank room.Now for the float experience...I was looking forward to the full sensory deprivation, to see what would happen.  For those who are new to the concept: the brain will fill the void if no stimulus is coming in.  Some people see and hear things - I didn't.But about halfway through the relaxing, warm 90-minute float (in 100 gallons of water mixed with 850 pounds of epsom salt), my legs and torso dropped lower and lower, pulled down by my feet, until they all completely detached from my body and fell away, below.  I knew this was physically impossible with me back-floating on an 8-inch depth of salt water, yet that was the sensation - that they were slowly dropping, and then gone.  And I felt like I was left with arms and a head only.  I felt light and free..... it wasn't scary, it seemed natural.  With practice I hope to achieve that feeling of freedom with my entire body, and finally meditate in peace without all the physical burdens associated with traditional meditation.Next time I'll bring my own preferred earplugs and a swim cap. It took ages to get all of that salt out of my long hair.I left happy and relaxed, my neck stiffness totally gone.I can't wait to do this again!
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,6/20/2012,276,315,12,14,11>This is a perfect little bakery that's a perfectly short walk from my perfect home. (Okay, that last part is a stretch.)Get their bakers's dozen, and I will bet you money that you won't be able to scarf all of those bite-sized marvels in one sitting.  I know I did one time.  Okay, maybe twice before.  But who's counting?I can't even decide what variety I love the best, but I may have to put a vote for their macaroons.  SBBJ (Sweet Bald Baby Jesus), they're great!Box their cookies up, and give them out as perfect little gifts.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,6/19/2012,145,218,15,17,15>Shut the Front Door!I haven't reviewed what is easily the coolest place I get invited to all of the time?!  For shame!The service at this place rules,  they know I have been there, but we aren't on a first name basis like some people I know (cough...Joe M. Cough....)  If you are in a party of 20, or kicking it solo to work on your chops, you get treated well.  It's all about beer and Sake. and a few drinks in, you wish you weren't in a private booth with you being your own k.j. and destroying the extended version of love shack without the "stink eye"  Wasted performance?  Perhaps, but based on videos that surface days later, be glad there is no hard liquor in what is a glory hole of singing spots.  The catalog here is awesome, the controls from fancy phones, the beer prices, the staff...this is quite possibly my favorite place in portland that does not have a pinball machine...it's quite possibly king of bosscock.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,6/18/2012,184,178,11,10,9>First off Ping unlike Bing will make you search for it because it lacks a visible street sign. Instead look for the large phallic sign that reads hung far lo. Follow its suggestion to the door below, through a curtain and *Ping* you're in. There you'll discover a dining room surrounded by soft lighting, natural woods and frosted windows that give some visible protection. My first time was with friends, we decided to sample several of their small plates. Suddenly a steady stream of street food was fired at our table. Out came steamed pork buns, lamb satay, boar skewers, quail eggs wrapped in bacon and even Kobe beef served sizzling on a salt rock. Everything was very tasty but I thought the portions could have been better for the price. Next I diverted my attention toward my pick from the online menu, ramen with bouncy pork. Bouncy pork I thought? I don't discriminate the pig so I had to add this action versed one to my repertoire immediately. What I discovered was that I don't care if it bounces, springs, twists, or lies flat, this pork filled soup kicks ass! Of course it partly kicked my ass too because I decided to add pickled serranos and Thai chiles without testing the broths heat first. Regardless of my intense sniffling and sweating the ramen was affordable and delicious! So tell me how could anyone not give this pleasure palace of pork purification any less than 4 stars? I suppose if you don't favor savoring several succulent, salty, pork plates you probably wouldn't. I however am not that individual. In fact last there I ate nothing but pig and when it came time for dessert I asked if it had swine in it! Actually I did skip dessert but the manager Damian, my buddy from Ten01, told me it was his goal to add even more pork to the menu ... that folks is SWEET enough!!! He then informed me I should have tried the fried pork shank because he considers it the best thing on the menu. Fried..(drool)..pork..(drool)..shank..(napkin)..­you say? How did you let me miss this? I thought we were friends! My very next visit I was brimming with anticipation, I sat down and said "Hello, skip the water, just serve me up that fried pork shank please!" During my exasperating wait I consumed a few pints of a Rogue Morimoto ale that's specially made available to them. One that is crisp but with a nutty, complex, malt profile that finishes dry. Ok, say whatever you will about the location, service or other food because all else pales in comparison to this uber crispy, tender, juicy, fried pork leg! The skin has an assertive snap, crackle, and pop while the meat cries salty tears for your enjoyment. Its served simply garnished with cilantro, a chile infused lime sauce, pork broth and side of jasmine rice. A combination I now lay dreaming about once my head hits the pillow. The chile sauce is a deliciously tart, acidic, spicy blend of simple ingredients that help push the meat to heat envelope. And do I really need to say anything about pork broth? I didn't think so. This prolific dish pushed me to a new pork pace, its power pacifying my mouth like a padlock. Seriously, after the first bite my order was the last anyone heard from me. Instead all that bellowed were noises of pleasure followed by long, quite pauses, as I showed off my talent to destroy pork, effortlessly.  Whenever I am near Old Town all I can think about is my precious, my pork plated companion. Listen, all who know my pork obsession take me seriously when I say this may be one of the best things I have eaten in Portland!
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,6/17/2012,119,205,7,11,10>Yep, it's true....this little place is a king hell five star joint.  We dropped in for lunch on a Sunday and the little place was full of Hispanic folks, cowboy hats, and Meriachi music humping the jukebox.An extended family of about 15 took up a single long table, and they wore their best snake skin boots, rhinestone shirts, and Stetson hats.  We had just finished planting vegetables and wore stained blue jeans and sweaters - we sat in the back.I'm a hog for Mexican dishes featuring whole deep-fried fish, so I ordered the Mojarras Al Mojo which is Tilapia deep-fried with tons of garlic.  This is the real deal - Mexican food prepared specifically for Mexicans....but you can eat here too.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,6/16/2012,509,364,11,18,14>Seeing the name "estiatorio" in a Greek restaurant was the first sign. After all, this is Portland, Greek population nil. And I am not sure if even one visit to Greece is enough to rekindle the memory for the Greek word for restaurant, especially when there are more obvious terms like, "taverna." The use of this word alone made Eleni's a great beginning in my quest to dine at all Greek restaurants in Portland.(So what, if there are less than six of them.) Also, they often have rabbit on the menu. Rabbit Stifado, a rich stew laden with pearl onions, is probably the most common form of eating bunny in Greece. Eleni's rabbit came braised in a tomato and wine bath on a mound of slightly overcooked rabbit food. Cooking vegetables a little too long is surely a sign of real Greek food. Overall, this bunny was mild, clearly domesticated, with the slightest hint of nuttiness. Let's be honest, it tasted like chicken.But let's rewind from the rabbit and I'll tell you about the wine. Poor Greek wine does not get much love in the western part of the U.S. Living in Portland for almost two years now, I rarely see it in brick and mortar commerce, and if I do, it's usually Boutari Moschofilero, which there is nothing wrong with but variety is the spice of life. My dinning partners, wine pros Beau of Beau's Barrel Room and Becky of Kramer Vineyards and with my lovely fiancé , Justin, and I were ready for something new and delicious. And Eleni's was ready to give it to us with their expansive Greek wine menu. The best wine to eat mezedes with is no doubt Moscofilero, with its mineral taste and refreshing finish. The salty, gooey saganaki, garlicky revithia, and crispy kalamarakia were all made that much better with the wine.The onset of entrée envy hit me quickly with Becky's Arni Me Filo. Chunks of tomato braised lamb leg suspended in a red pepper purée and cheese wrapped up in a giant phyllo packet, represents everything that is awesome in the world. The Soutzoukakia Justin ordered was stacked. Soutzoukakia is Asia Minor Greek comfort food - meatballs that are twice cooked. Once in the fry pan, and then to the oven in a tomato sauce spa. Eleni's offers her balls on top of "Crete risotto" or spaghetti. Don't forget the feta topper to complete the stack. Although, I cannot lie and say this was better than my Aunt Mary's version, but it was certainly everything that embraces what comfort food represents: rich, soft, flavorful and belly filling. Beau ordered the same, but with spaghetti, so I won't bore you with almost the same picture. I don't usually comment on service, but I will note the service was definitely "Greek Style" in that, once we got our main dishes, our server abandoned us - almost for good. This happens in Greece because you can kick it like a cricket at the table for as long as you want, and the service doesn't want to hurry you so they do not check on you. But this was probably not the case - they were either short staffed or there was fresh blood in the door needing more attention. Either way, the Eleni's experience was excellent and I would gladly return after finishing my Greek restaurant quest.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2010,11/6/2010,36,146,3,7,6>We've eaten here twice now and our experience has been excellent both times.  It's a very small restaurant but the service and food are great.  I'd never had Indonesian food before and found that I like it a lot.  We've tried the Empek Empek (a fish paste pastry w/an egg inside), Nasi Goreng (a fried rice dish w/chicken skewers on the side), Nasi Kapau (a beef dish served w/rice and slaw), Sate Ayam (chicken skewers over these little rice cake things covered with peanut sauce) and bites of other people's dishes.The menu changes daily, but has some dishes always (like Empek Empek!).  If you look at their website, you can see pictures of everything and pictures of some dishes I have yet to see in real life.  I hope to get in on a weekday sometime to try some of the different menu items that look so great in the gallery.If you're not familiar with Indonesian fare, I recommend coming here, because the owner is very nice about explaining the dishes and everything we've tried has be delicious.  If you are familiar with Indonesian fare, hopefully this lives up to your expectations.  I think it's rad.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,11/5/2010,289,148,20,6,7>oh sweet pok pok you are so fun to say! my handsome as hell date and i just kept chirping pok pok and dancing a little happy dance over and over until we arrived.we got seated and i took a swig of the water and immediately stage hollered "TASTE THE WATER IT'S WEIRD" because i thought maybe like PCP or some shit. apparently, it's laced with nothing more than palm leaves (but are they an aphrodisiac? because i felt a little something in my bathing suit area).prithee tell me why the hell the wait staff looked like honky hipsters but acted like secret service people with their cb radios on their shoulders saying things like "10-4 good buddy" (okay i added the good buddy). it was enough to make me wonder idly, while sipping my psychedelic palm water and enjoying the twinkly lights, if they were also going to belly crawl our food to us with a gun strapped to their back. of course we wouldn't see them coming as they would be wearing camouflage. of course.date and i ordered the fish sauce wings which we slurped off of the bones like they were unattended babies and we were starving chupacabra. they were so ridiculous. i mean how the hell did they get so good? what is wrong in the world that i have gone my whole life without these delicious little darlings? why don't they just have a conveyor belt that runs into my house and onto my table?we also ordered the roasted game hen rubbed with lemongrass, garlic, pepper and cilantro. it was all kinds of falling off of the bone and into dipping sauce with sticky rice and into our throat holes. everyone was very sweet at ye olde pok, great service and our server didn't freak when i asked him if a dyke had ever fallen in love with him because of his spock tattoos (psst willy dee. CALL ME. luv u).
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2010,11/4/2010,550,1055,11,17,15>Wow, N Killingsworth & N Greeley cart pod is hopping with new carts. So many selections, too bad I only have one belly. I came here on Sunday afternoon and window "carts" shopping. I was not too hungry and very indecisive. I circled around the pod and my eyes landed on these fine words on Savvy J's menu "Cajun Chicken Wings with Fries $6". Before I knew it, I handed my money to the nice guy inside the cart. He said it would take 10 minutes. I said no problem, it was nice out so I just waited (impatiently). When I got my chicken wings, I got giddy. When I opened the container box, I was in heaven. Three big pieces of chicken wings with bed of fries. I took a bite and it was delicious. It's definitely has a kick. It was perfectly seasoned. It was hot, both in temperature and spiciness (think Cajun hot, not Habanero hot). I shared my meal with my sister and her boyfriend. It filled us up. It's perfect for snacks for three people or a big meal for one person. I hope Savvy J's will stick around for a while. I would love to try their other food offerings such as Po' Boy and Pulled Pork sandwiches. Yummm...
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2009,11/3/2010,532,371,18,13,15>The Fremont (a steel tied arch or through arch bridge) got its lovely curves as a reaction to the butt ugly Marquam Bridge. Where the Marquam's clearly a self scratching dude, the Fremont's a real woman. Six times more expensive, but easily six times as lovely. I wonder if in the thirty years since its completion, if it's become now possible to build affordable bridges that have both form and function. You'd think.Unrelated note: It's funny and sad, but I still mess up the I-5 South, head left to go right, connection when traveling east on the bridge. Let's just say sometimes drastic multiple lane changes occur. Anyway, I like big curves and the photos don't lie, The Fremont's banging. Checkout the gallery to see how I got lucky with this one.(edit: ugh, this "review" is just another example of why 4am is for sleeping not writing)
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2010,11/2/2010,301,344,6,9,10>I have a confession to make:   Thursday nights at the Tiger Bar has become the hangout spot for me and a group of friends for the past couple of months.  They play awesome rock music during the day and happy hour for food and drink goes until 8 daily.  The bartenders are sweet and sassy.  Service is prompt and serves up huge dishes of food.The reason we have been trekking over on Thursdays is because of the infamous "Karaoke from Hell".  The song line up is the same as their sister location at  Dante's Inferno.  You pick your song out, graciously tip the lady, and wait to be called on stage.  There is no TV screen boys and girls; just a piece of paper and a loud mic are provided for your use.  What I like about this karaoke spot is that it is ultra laid back and you will be called at least a couple of times to grace the stage.  If your a super star and the tip is right, more appearances will be frequent like my best friend.  The past few visits, they have been rewarding great performances with gift certificates.  My best friend and I scored when we performed a duet.  Jarrod S. claims there a video but I have yet to see :).  The late night happy hour goes from 11 till close.  It is for food only but you will need it to soak up the boozy drinks they serve.  The Tiger Burger for $5 special hit  the spot for me last night.  It was very juicy and thick.  It's certainly one of the better bar burgers I have had in a long time.  The fried rice is enormous.  It even comes with a cabbage salad on the side.  I added chicken and it's white breast meat of goodness, no skimping at all.  So if you want to see what it feels like singing with a live band, this is a great place to start.  I have had a great experience everytime and hope the trend continues in the future.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,11/1/2010,141,355,9,16,15>You know this building is famous, right?  Like, crazy famous.Okay, perhaps less well-known than the Portland Building (ugh), or the iconic Big-Pink/US Bankcorp tower, but definitely more important than both.  And yet no one ever calls it out.  No one ever takes the time to revel in it's significance. Maybe because it's a plain building in a neighborhood that boasts many ornate structures of the late 1800s.  Or perhaps because it's a 14 story skyscraper that takes up a half of a tiny Portland city block, simply dwarfed by the others in town.   To most, seeing the Commonwealth is like seeing someone on the sidewalk.  They could be the most famous person in the world, but their stature means nothing if you don't recognize them.  They're just another face in a sea of people.  And unfortunately, this building has become just another facade in the crowd.So take a look at it sometime. Seriously. Stop and take a look.  Designed by local architect Pietro Belluschi (herein referred to as: "The Man") in 1944, the structure was way ahead of it's time as one of the first tall "glass box" buildings.  It showed up to the party before most of the iconic modern skyscrapers in the great US cities, most notably  the Lever House in New York City.  Originally named the Equitable Building, the green glass and aluminum sheathing looks like what you see on most contemporary buildings.  But this was the first time it was ever used, and the double-glazed window system (meaning two pieces of glass with air trapped between them) was a state-of-the-art construction idea, creating an invisible insulation to help keep the glass building warm in the winter and cool in the summer.  Of course the air conditioning helps, it was the first commercial building in the world to have that, too.  A tiny roof deck for employees of the building gives great views of the city, it's a shame, but totally understandable, that it's not open to the public. Admittedly the Commonwealth's fame is really geeky, but when it opened in 1948, you can only imagine the ooh's and ahh's that it garnered from both Portlanders passing by and the envious/curious designers throughout the world.  Today this office building is kind of drab and stuffy space to be in, especially when compared to buildings where you can open the windows and get some fresh air.  But for the era, you couldn't ask for a cooler spot.  Today the spaces are totally off limits to the general public, except for the tiny Starbucks on the ground floor, but if you get a chance, walk into the lobby, or at least press your nose against the heavy glass doors under the metal awning.  You'll see minimal fixtures, polished materials, and a huge art piece by "The Man", himself hung overhead on the way to the bank of elevators.  The Commonwealth is an example of how many cities changed after World War Two.  Long before the Mad-Men era was even relevant, our tiny city was making waves and pushing ideas for urban America.  Which should be reason enough to point up at it next time you walk by with a friend or visitor and say: "See that? That's a building that changed the world."Revel, Portland. Revel.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2010,10/31/2010,145,218,5,11,12>Damn it!Like I need another 5 star review in the archives, like I haven't dished enough of them out.  Today after running some errands and crossing things off the to-do list, I got a rumbley in my tumbley.  I remembered hearing about this huge new cart pod on the other side of town, and went.  After reading every menu at the place 2 times, I decided to take the new to me route and eat at a cool little cart called Lardo.The chef was explaining the sandwiches to another customer and I heard a few keywords that peaked my interest. I ordered the Griddled Mortadella and Provolone Sandwich($7).  It also had long grain mustard and pickled peppers on it.  I have to say, this is what I would call the Italian.  The colliding flavors never compete and the tangy peppers with the salty meat were perfectly balanced.  They only had 4 menu items total, total fan of little menu's, no reason doing 10 things wrong if you can do 4 oh so right!Next time, I am getting the lamb sliders.The place uses local ingredients and even sells Pie holes from Pie Spot, and SOL pops too.  Friendly guys that seem to care run this cart, the diversity of the cart pod they are in can't hurt either.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,10/30/2010,53,263,17,18,14>Apparently you can have a gastronomic Achille's heel.  Mine happens to involve gnocchi among other things which probably provides waaay too much insight into my twisted little mind.  Why?  You see, when you read "gnocchi" and fantasize about fluffy pillowy potato dumplings rolling around on your tongue and are assaulted with chewy hard pellets that fall down your gullet like rocks it's gut busting & heartbreaking.  The fact that I continue to tilt at tantalizing menus offering these roly poly little pastas despite my stomach's protestations is either a sign of deep seated obsession or that Pavlov's dogs were pushovers.  Needless to say, after smooching a herd of frogs, I've found my fluffy, starchy, slurpalicious prince, erm, I mean gnocchi.  Had the $14 housemade potato gnocchi with oxtail ragu that was plate-licking good.  Perfectly cooked potato dumplings in a savory cooked down oxtail sauce.  Capt Hook had the fish special: seared sturgeon over cannellini-esque beans topped with bittersweet brussel sprouts.  The sturgeon was beautifully cooked with a meaty smack yet still moist and toothy.  Shared a salumi & formaggi plate with our friends ($12 for 6 items of your choice) that had a nice salumi from Molinari's for those of you pining for San Fran, a creamy peppery red pepper sheep's cheese, and a briny proscuitto di parma that could just make you convert to porkism.  For you pear lovers out there, check out the $10 Oregon Pear Sidecar with a lip-smacking tang of pear and brandy (compliments of Clear Creek's pear brandy) that tastes just like what an alcoholic pear should be when it grows up.  Yum. The chocolate bondi or some acoustically similar word (this is what happens when multiple sidecars are sacrificed in the name of revelry) dessert was initially dry and dense rather than resembling a molten chocolate cake.  A quick word to our friendly & knowledgeable server & a new & improved version graced our table along with complimentary glasses of plummy port.  So while the delicious smaller portions & price would merit 4 stars, the friendly staff & chatty chefs in the open kitchen bump it up to Woohoo!  So now my poor abused stummy can gorge on downy velvety gnocchi leaving me to tilt at other culinary windmills like say the dearth of really good che (Vietnamese dessert soups) in PDX because the proof of the pudding is in the eating, no?  [ribbit.]
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2010,10/29/2010,64,120,7,9,11>Portland is a foodie town.  A foodie town seemingly devoid of the amazing, melt-in-your-mouth barbecue that one finds in Texas or Mississippi.  At least this was my personal wisdom - until fellow Yelpers showed me the light and I made the pilgrimage out to Leroy's Familiar Vittles.Bitchin' name apart, this mobile barbecue rig is no food cart.  This elaborate trailer looks as if it escaped from the pit of the Daytona 500 to inflict uncompromising barbecue upon the unsuspecting citizenry of Portland.  Chrome trim and a crown decorate this black beast; don't think for a second that the smoke billowing out of it's hellish barbecue and inundating the vegetarian restaurant across the street  is any coincidence.  The tantalizing vapors purposefully taunts those who have abandoned their omnivorous roots.Meat is murder, the over-powering scent says.  Tasty, tasty murder.To get to the point, Leroy's pork spare ribs are quite simply the best in town.  Their beef brisket and chicken thighs are pretty damn good as well.Lest it seem that I was alone in this line of thinking - my dining companion's take on the food was "awesome."My recommendation is to skip the poor boys and just go for the meat along with one of their sides.  I especially like their collard greens that are stewed up with pork shoulder  and still have bits of meat in them.I'm afraid that I'll never be able to drive past this temptation on Division without stopping ever again.  My vegetarian friends will just have to learn to deal with it.
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,10/27/2010,109,570,,13,5>yep, this place is the best. don't get ripped off by lenscrafters or another big corporation, go to the little guy and get a better deal and service. blink has awesome eye docs, helpful salespeople and a great selection of unique frames. i had been putting off my eye exam and new glasses for a while because i dont have insurance and didnt want to spend all that money. i first looked into lenscrafters and they wanted $275 just for the lenses. um, no thank you.so i went over to blink, made my eye appointment and browsed some frames. they charge more than 100 bucks less for lenses than lenscrafters and their frame selection is better too. they carry more specialty brands and you can be assured that when you are walking down the street you wont see another person with your same glasses. and just because they are specialty does not mean they are more expensive. their frames range from 100 bucks up to 600, so there is something for every budget.the salespeople too are really helpful and do not pressure you into buying something more expensive. they will give you their honest opinion on frames and will help you navigate the store. i liked the service so much that i bought two pairs of frames. my glasses came back super fast and they fit them perfectly to my face. the icing to this optical cake is that i got a handwritten thank you note in my mailbox a couple days after my visit.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,3/22/2014,34,65,6,11,8>Tarad rad boom dee ay! Go here now before it gets lines out the door. It's authentic-as-they-can-make-it for Portlanders thai. Much different than your standard even excellent thai joint. AND cheaper and friendlier than Pok Pok.We showed up around 8pm Friday night and were seated right away. Our server was super friendly and explained the dishes. We had the 2 specials- a lump crab pad thai, and a mushroom/shrimp Tom Yum soup.  The soup came out in a terra cotta pot on top of a flaming terra cotta -what - brazier? it had tons of large shrimp, and that amazing lemon/chilies/magic broth. The pad thai had a huge pile of crab on top of delicious pad thai noodles with tiny dried shrimp. The whole dinner felt so decadent!They also sell Mama ramen noodles, 3 different kinds of soy sauce, prickly heat powder, and Parrot brand bar soap, and a few other Thai sundries, and produce.
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,3/21/2014,126,2155,7,25,14>My least favorite reviews are the ones that start out with, "I've been to ______ so I know authentic ______ food." If you're on Yelp, you're probably guilty of writing something stupid and pretentious like this once, or many times. I know I am guilty of it when it comes to burritos.I'm going to start my review like that anyway. See, I've been to Cambodia (recently) and I know what their food tastes like. And you know what? Sok Sab Bai is exactly what it tastes like across the sea. Maybe even a little better on account of higher quality ingredients available in the USA.Cambodia was one of the most morally challenging places to visit that I've been to, but the food was delicious and the younger generation now coming up over there were extremely excited to share their cuisine with Westerners. Due to the less than rosy history of Cambodia, they haven't had as much opportunity to let their foods cross the Pacific in ways that Thailand has. I'm hoping that changes, because while this is definitely South East Asian cuisine, Cambodia does it in a certain way that is all their own.Sok Sab Bai used to be a cart but those days are over now. They occupy an old house converted into a restaurant on 21st and Clinton. It used to be a sushi place. Blink and you'll think it's just someone's residence when driving by.Cambodian food, to an extent, has more sour flavors than Thai food, but not to the level of sour you get with Korean cooking. I'd say Cambodian cuisine is still pretty safe for most pallets and just changing it up from Thai once in awhile is worth the effort. Entrees here run around $12 and are pretty large. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees. We probably could have done without one of those, but once they arrived and we had a few bites we were willing to leave uncomfortably full. We had a curry, a noodle dish, some Amok, and a mind-blowingly good sausage. I had a Chang beer to mentally take me back to the sweltering heat of Siem Reap on a rainy night in Portland.The chef/owner is a Cambodian refugee (left as a child) and he and his family have been in the business of bringing the food of his home country to Portland for quite a while. He might be one of the only people in Portland doing this with Cambodian food. That alone makes a trip here a unique experience. And I'm telling you, the food is wonderful on all levels. It is definitely, definitely worth your time.
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/20/2014,251,648,7,12,10>Having experienced a car accident, my acupuncturist, Tracy Thorne recommended I see Dr. Shannon Livingston for chiropractic work. Shannon is incredible, a true healer on many, many levels. Though she's a licensed chiropractor, she's also a Reiki Master, spiritual counselor, and has also trained in the sciences (specifically Zoology and Raptor Biology).She offers a great blend of scientific and spiritual, and truly attunes to whatever each person needs, often suggesting supplements at their actual rather than inflated price, unlike many doctor's offices. I love that she incorporates a solid knowledge of the body, nutrition, science, and spirituality, as well as body-centered techniques like physical therapy suggestions, myofascial release, massage, and craniosacral work into her practice. A huge focus is on inflammation, which affects everything, and her integrative practice addresses that. Since she works with auto accidents in addition to private pay clients, she has handled all of my paperwork. What a relief! Shannon's practice is focused on meeting the needs of the community with a very generous sliding scale to private pay clients, making sure everyone has a right to wellness. I love that!I also love that her style is incredibly attuned, humble, AND knowledgeable. It was my first time to experience chiropractic care, (and I was scared I'd be flattened and cracked without warning), and Shannon has done her best in helping me to feel comfortable! She's careful and checks in with me about the speed and intensity of her interventions, always going at my pace. Yay!Shannon works with the sweetest dog, Doc, and together, they offer a warm, friendly, empathic space that really encourages care from the heart! I've been able to get the care I need, and am feeling so much better! If you're looking for an integrative approach to healing from a car accident, a sports injury, or any other mind-body-spirit concern, you've come to the right place. Dr. Shannon is it!Tip: You can book an appointment online.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,3/19/2014,466,819,12,17,11>I found a new joint and it's name is TILT. Tilt-a-whirl? Tilt your head? Whatever it be this place is great. Here's my theory:T - Totally awesome place w/ cool industrial decorI - Insane foodL - Lots of options. LEGIT. T - Tots! OMG TOTS!As I had heard stories of it's amazing-ness on Swan Island I was saddened that their hours did not accommodate my ability to get over there. Low and behold the heavens opened and they arrive in the Pearl District! Upon entering I noticed how big this place actually is. They even had an upper level area for seating. Very industrial. I had to loop around to even see where the bar area was - it was hiding from the front door. I'm not sure what I was expecting but it was neat. With too many options to choose from I nearly closed my eyes and picked one. I ordered the Non-Union Club which was grilled chicken, thin shaved onion, lettuce, (I added TILT sauce...yummmm), swiss, avocado, honey ham, tomato, and bacon...mmm bacon. Also tried out some of the bacon tots. Again...yay for bacon! $10 for the sandwich and $8 for 12 tots....REALLY!? The sandwich was reasonably priced but the price for tots was a bit insane. This is also why I can't give 5 stars. I understand they are handmade and totally delicious (actually, I kinda thought they were a tad too salty...perhaps it was just the batch) but yeah....too pricey.  You're handed a buzzer to wait for your food. It didn't take terribly long for them to make the food and holy cow was my sandwich huge. I could only eat half and dang it was tasty. The tots...bacon, cheesy, goodness. The ranch dipping sauce was even good! All in all I will be back. Again and again. The baked goods were freaking giant and it took all will power not to order something. They have a full bar (SCORE!) and a crap ton of food options for any palate. They have decent hours as well so you can eat late! Or early! They have breakfast too! Do yourself a favor and go getcha some!
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,3/18/2014,12,154,3,13,6>Gotta admit when I read the review in the Oregonian I figured this place would be packed!  To my pleasant surprise at 5:30 on a Saturday it wasn't bad at all.  We got the Arancini which were some of the best I've had in Portland.  The oven roasted cauliflower gratin was crisp yet tender with the perfect balance of sauce and cheese.  for our pie we got the bacon goat cheese and roasted leeks which was a dynamite flavor  combination.  The crust is seared and crisp, yet still chewy and tender even at its thinnest points.  I can tell you the next pies we try will be the seasonal mushrooms pecorino romano and truffle oil.  or the carmelized onion goat cheese and garlic confit.  Both sound fantastic and are making me drool a little even though I'm still stuffed from dinner.  Though not a large menu, there should be plenty to satisfy most everyone.
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,3/17/2014,42,89,7,9,10>Every single time I come here, I am reminded at how awesome this place is. They serve up some of the best drinks in town and they definitely earn some bonus points for creativity and clever naming like the "you're not my real dad" which is a fantastic cocktail that is served with a cigarette on the side. The only bummer about that is you really wanna smoke it in the bar while you sip away but those days are long gone in portland's renegade past. The friend farmer is another good one. It's a gin cocktail served with cranberry shrub and a sprig of rosemary. A word to those who ask "what the hell is shrub?" Google that shit. Basically, it's drinking vinegar and it tastes amazing. I could really go on and on about several other cocktails they have but I don't want this review to be like a movie trailer that spoils all the surprises before you have a chance to unearth them yourself.This food is always spot on. I usually get their burger which definitely holds its own in such a burger-centric place like our dear Portlandia. However, tonight I went for the Cobb salad and the Mrs. ordered the Nicoise. Both knocked our socks off. After eating several disappointing Cobb salads around town, it was nice to have one that brought me back to flavor country. I like the subtle twists these guys put on theirs to make it their own. They put chicken confit in there instead of sliced deli meat and the blue cheese they use is several notches above the bagged crap you get most other places. The wife's Nicoise was very nicely done with no skimpage on the tuna and other fixins. Beautifully dressed and loaded with goodies, I had almost wished I ordered that instead... Almost.Dessert here is always a good call. It's not something we usually get while out for supper but after the heavenly ice cream we experienced on our first visit, ordering one of their sweets seems obligitory at this point. Tonight's confection of choice was the molten lava chocolate sundae with salted pistachio brittle and caramel. Holy shit, it was good. I believe Ashley's exact words were "it's so fucking good it makes me want to punch someone" With all that wonderment already keeping us satisfied, the music here is like the icing on the proverbial cake. Sundays are our favorite night because they always have a different, really good, little jazzy band laying down some smooth buttery ear food. I love the sapphire hotel.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2014,3/16/2014,95,86,17,19,13>Unless you're reading this on Jan 1st, chances are you've probably forgotten about your New Year's resolutions.Garden Bar Salad Co is a great reason to remember them. Upon entering, you'll see the big board with  salads you can order right off the bat or if you're feeling adventurous the list of ingredients to build your own. I decided to leave my construction to the masters and ordered the Winter Greens salad (Kale, raw beets, roasted winter squash, seasonal apple with a pink peppercorn & cider vinaigrette).My first thought upon getting it? HOLY F THIS THING IS HUGE (and yes, I can hear your chorus of 'that's what she said's from here)I made my way to the seating area which was surprisingly not too crowded (but this may change by the time you read this) and dove in.MMM, the quality of the ingredients was delicious (the winter squash was a definite highlight) and even though I swore to myself 'I'll save half for lunch tomorrow' I totes gorged and polished off the whole thing (serious they're some big salads). How good was it? It was 'this is so good, I need to come back and check out the rest of the menu good'But curiously? Even though I went straight up Jabba the Hut style on that salad, I actually didn't feel guilty afterwards. If anything, I was full all the way to dinner and resisted hitting the free afternoon snacks that my works leaves out for us. This one's going to be hitting my regular lunch rotation for a while, and if you work downtown?  Indulge in a little bit of nostalgia for the noble aspirations of the New Year's Resolution and check it out.
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/15/2014,509,364,11,14,10>"Just swing by Voodoo and pick up donuts on your way into work"The dreadful line I've heard spew out of my colleague's mouth one too many times. "....but....I have my own local donut shop..." mumbles from mine."Fine. But It's on YOU if you want to go out of your way." Oh, daaarn I have to drive a whole three minutes to the cutest pastry shop in the world. Get my beautifully made, ultra fresh dozen donuts plucked and arranged by the owner himself all while waiting negative 2 minutes in line. Darn. Eleven bucks cash and I'm out like trout. Colleague comments as follows:"Oh, wow cool Shakespeare quote on the brand stamp...""Oh, yum, these are really good..."---pause for two hours--"Time for another donut...gosh I am such a bad influence."Now, my comments:Rich, airy, golden dough. Homemade, developed maple icing. Beautiful raspberry jam filled centers, perfect white icing.But.Get.This.A pretzel shaped donut, frosted with white fluffy cream and topped with chopped walnuts. Done!
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,3/14/2014,145,218,7,13,13>I love this place!To be honest, I had eaten their food a dozen times before going to the actual restaurant.  I had been picking up wraps for lunch at Food Fight when I am in the area because it's so damn convenient.    After learning they were open for happy hour on Saturday, I made it a point to go.  When I walked in, I saw three words on the special board I never thought I would get to say out loud since becoming vegan..."BEER CHEESE SOUP"The day before I was talking with someone that couldn't stop talking about perogies; they had them on the Happy Hour menu so of course I had to order them...WOW!  The server was great,  when asking about buying some soup to go, they had some already waiting in the cooler by the door!I can't wait to go back, the happy hour is a great deal and it's a nice place for a drink and some awesome food!  It just happens to be vegan too!
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2013,3/13/2014,101,133,8,17,16>Baker and Spice is a fabulous little neighborhood treasure in the middle of the Hillsdale Shopping center. They have fantastic gourmet sandwiches made on freshly baked bread & croissants, and absolutely wonderful pastries, coffee and teas. Their special seasonal pastries are diverse and fun. My favorites recently are the apple spice cake, and the pumpkin bread pudding... Yum! An item they always have I am particularly fond of is the Chocolate Flour-less Cake, which comes with chocolate ganache on top, and shaved white chocolate... It's surprisingly light, and moist. The bread and roll selection is also quite impressive, and scrumptious. It's a comfy, welcoming, clean environment with a friendly helpful staff.I've visited Baker and Spice while in the area over the years, but now that I live within a few minutes, it has become a regular stop:).
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,12/2/2011,149,161,8,10,10>If I were to leave my boyfriend that I love and adore it would be for a Cena.  I feel like I don't even need to say anything else but I want you to know how serious I am.+Melissa rocks!  Amazing, attentive, witty, best of all she has the best recommendations.  She knows what I want when I don't know what I want.+Limoncello is perfect!  They make this inhouse and it's some of the best limoncello I've had.+Fresh ingredients, made daily!  It would not surprise me if they didn't fresh press their olive oil, everything is THAT fresh.  +Just right portions.  You can choose to have the the full or half size pastas and the appetizers are just as they should be and appetizer not a meal.+Mellow atmosphere and everyone is welcoming and accommodating.+Bruscetta that changes daily based on the freshest ingredients!  Always amazing!+ Delicious homemade thin breadsticks and focaccia to start, with a super fruity fresh olive oil for dipping.Although I have not tried all the Italian places in PDX, I am going to call this the BEST Italian, actually I would say it's probably the best all around restaurant in city!  What a local gem!
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,12/1/2011,188,386,6,9,11>I don't eat at carts very often. It isn't for lack of want or trying. There's just something that gets lost in the translation for me. On one side is my desire to be a proud participant in Portland cart culture and try all there is to try. On the other side are the seemingly limited-to-heavy/greasy choices, the exhausting mental resistance to sometimes steep prices, and the hackneyed seating situations, especially in the cold and wet.Still: I try. One night, I drove to three different pods, in search of something, but seeing nothing that really rang my bell. Ultimately, I stopped by the grocery store. I know, right?Then Good Food Here enters the scene. It's been around and I've driven past for long enough now that I've run out of excuses not to try it. JUST TRY IT. JUST GO, Katrina.And it's lovely. It's not a big circle with the seats in the center, like a state fair food court. It has greenery, and little pods within the pod, giving you a wandering feeling, like with every turn you're discovering a cute cart tucked into a corner and offering up its unique goodness with its own culture and environment. And you get a true variety of quality options.Does it hurt that within its streets you'll find both ice cream and a dessert cart? And a bus that doles out beet salad? Decidedly NO!The only thing that would make Good Food Here more precious would be cobblestone paths. Can they do that? It's a small, small world, and I fully intend to eat my way from one end of it to the other.
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,11/30/2011,107,111,7,11,8>If there's one thing I know about the D.O.C., it's this: "No One Can Do it Better."I mean the hip hop artist, not the restaurant. DOC Restaurant, unlike its rapper counterpart, The D.O.C., doesn't like to boast. (There really aren't many similarities between the two DOCs at all, but that's not going to stop me from dropping clumsy references to the rapper throughout this review. Why? Because I'm a big dork.) Anyway, like I was saying, DOC doesn't like to boast...That may surprise some readers who may have scoured DOC's reviews, or who worry that restaurateur Micah Camden's local fame might be going to his head. I don't fault people for reacting negatively to the front and center presentation of the kitchen staff, interpreting it to mean, "Welcome to DOC. These people making your food here are more important than you, the diner, will ever be."But once inside I realized that the space was a "Brand New Formula" for restaurant design, separating the diner from the burdens of the outside world, allowing him/her to "Let the Bass Go," as it were. (Clumsy, I know. I'm almost embarrassed to hit the "Post" button. Almost.)DOC appears to be a four-person operation most nights, and it was an impressive crew the night we went. Our server was knowledgeable about the menu and nerdy about everything, eager to use the house's sound system as a conversation aide as we discussed our comparable affinities for Paul McCartney and Andre 3000. (I didn't have the audacity to ask him his opinion of The D.O.C., but I'm sure he would have played "It's Funky Enough" on the sound system if I'd asked him to.)The food was adventurous and plentiful. My domestic partner and I each did a five course meal, which meant I got to try ten things on the menu. I will admit, not crazy about all of it. In large part, it's what comes from being adventurous, but the execution certainly had a few imperfections as well. Overall, though, I was impressed.We were even more impressed with dessert. My partner still raves to this day about the espresso panna cotta with biscotti. Using coffee from Extracto next door, DOC has created a "portrait of a master piece" of not-too-sweet dessertiness. Big fans.DOC might end up being a one-hit wonder for us. There are just so many great restaurants, and we can't afford a lot of repeat visits to the more expensive ones. But that's not going to stop us from singing its praises, much like Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre in "Nuthin' But a G Thang."
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2011,11/29/2011,147,332,4,11,10>Here's a guy (Andy) totally devoted to amazing small vineyard wines from around the world. Very knowledgeable!  He's recently added an amazing collection of cheeses and breads and charcuterie that he offers as plates to munch on while you taste his wines. One lucky gent walks in and asks for a wine from some incredibly obscure corner of France. Andy doesn't even hesitate, walks over to the rack, pulls out a bottle, describes it in great detail and BANG! One happy customer!I was just in the other night. The Spousal Unit was out of town, I'd received some good news and wanted to have a nice wine with some stinky cheese after my lonely dinner of leftovers. Blackbird tastes on Thursday and Friday nights so I went over, told Andy what I wanted and he offered me a taste of a delicious red from Gascoyne and a plate of stinky Epoisse and some other cheese that I can't remember at the moment. Perfect! He also slipped in one of his "Atomic Bites", a chocolate/ blue cheese/nut delight.  Half a bottle later, celebration complete! Andy was recently featured in Imbibe in an article describing small wineshops offering distinctive wine options. Blackbird is becoming a fixture in Beaumont Village and it deserves to be.
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2010,11/28/2011,145,218,15,19,17>It's almost like giving a pornstar a "freebie"...writing another 5 star review for this place that is.  Arriving at 1:30 on a rainy day isn't the worst idea I have had.  In fact, there was only 1 other table occupied at the time, and that didn't last long.  The big open space was painted and decorated in a cozy, upscale, but not pretentious like some others described.  The staff wasn't overly warm or super welcoming, but 2 people handled the entire lunch rush without even a hint of emotion, just efficiency...a diner's dream.  My cocktail had to be one of the strongest I have ever had.  I am always reluctant to order speciatly cocktails because half the time a pint glass of punch comes out, and the other half its a shot or a shitty martini.  This drink was tiny, and I was initially upset...until I tasted it, I nursed it for about an hour.  My turkey sandwich was a tad on the spectacular side, nothing fancy, just done right with great ingredients..I am giving the sweet potato fries their own paragraph.  These bad-boys are worth the price of admission.  They are fried at least 2 times and crisp crisp crisp.  Maybe a tiny tempura/panko mix?  A fancy dipping sauce to dip them in would deter from the perfection, which is why you get ketchup I guess.I can only imagine the wait for this place, but If you can have a drink while waiting, I say wait.  That's right, I said I would even wait!
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2011,11/27/2011,72,144,8,7,5>My sizzle Pie did not sizzle at all. It was stone cold by the time I got it home. Why the 4 stars? It's not Sizzle Pie's fault. Maybe I should be writing a one star review of the effing Plaid Pantry that I decided to "quickly" grab some beer to wash down my sizzling pie. Slowest Cashier in the Universe coupled with the two vans full (20 or so ladies) of group home folks that all needed cigs, and all needed to pay for the cigs in change. The cashier had our IDs held for ransom for the key to the beer cooler, but only could seem to pay attention one thing at a time, or else I would have just left that whole punishing situation behind and my blood pressure at a normal level. A half hour later we finally journeyed up Burnside to retrieve our Sizzling Pies. We ordered to go, because it is a new place, and it was prime pizza munching time. We were also aware of a coupon out there for $30 worth of pizza for $15 on about 13 different websites--and just assumed that the place would be packed,and decided that eating in would potentially take forever. Boy howdy, I need to invest in a crystal ball. It was not packed, not by a long shot. The decor was modern, but not cold. Plenty of seating in neat little booths. The music was loud and the service was slightly snarky, but polite. The snark may have stemmed from the fact we we using aforementioned $15 coupon, and we got our two 12 inch pies for a buck at the register. The regular price of $30 for two 12 inch pies IS a bit much, but I think it was worth it (ESPECIALLY when we only paid $16....) We had plenty left for leftovers. I think that the quality and thoughtfulness of the ingredients were worth the price. Truffle oil and goat cheese, yes please! I am enamored with the effort put into having a an extensive vegetarian and vegan menus. The BF noted that seemed to have a lot more fun with creating the meat-free items, and I agree. And for stone cold pizza, it was pretty sexy. I really liked the flavor of the sauce and the crunchy, yet chewy crust. I loved both the breaded eggplant pizza, and veggie pepperoni pizzas. Yum-merzzz. Lesson learned though, I will be dining in next time, and washing my pizza down with a Mexi-Coke instead of the beer.update: I finally has some of this Pie Sizzling. The Jam was THE JAM! and the 36 chambers made me want to die it was so good. The waitstaff humored my drunk ass, and eating there was really fun. Hearts and stars and diamonds to this spot!
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2011,11/26/2011,258,205,8,6,6>Holy booze! First of all, I looooooooove free tastings. TGIF! New Deal let me samp their chocococo and 'nilla vodkas. Definitely some tasty tastings. The samples dude looked like one of the guys in this ska band I used to watch back when I was in high school. Down to the hat. Vod-ska. Nice.These are some of the most beautiful (read: normal-looking) liquor store workers I've ever seen in all of Portland. And none of them badgered me as if I were some sort of seasoned alcoholic with a specific fix on my mind. (What do you take me for!) I was allowed to peruse at my leisure instead of feeling totally sketched out by the other patrons and/or an older cashier lady pissed off at me for impeding on her 20th smoke break.The selection is pretty decent. I enjoyed the absolut-ely massive vodka wall as well as the whiskey choices. I was glad that I didn't have to ask any sketchies to pull down liquor for me and that I could grab it on my ownsome. I didn't see any azn liquors like shochu/soju or even Midori, but then again I wasn't really looking too hard for them either. (FYI, I decided on Jameson, which was miraculously on *SALE*.) But at the end of the night, my inner non-discerning 20 year old self has to ask, does it really matter if it's Grey Goose or a plastic bottle or whatever? Booze is booze and drunk is drunk; the Hollywood Liquor Store just happened to be part of the journey.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2011,11/25/2011,19,107,4,14,8>After Chase made the decision to take away free checking accounts, I pulled out my money right away and brought it to Advantis, simply because it was nearby.  Little did I know that I'd have a problem right away!  My debit card was charged twice at a pricey restaurant and, after contacting that establishment and not getting the money credited back to my account, I turned to Advantis.  They dealt with my debit dispute within just two days.  I was really impressed with their quick and friendly service and would certainly recommend them to others!
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,11/24/2011,400,884,8,9,9>It's probably not the best idea to write my review for Roscoe's on my phone, while riding the MAX, the morning after attending their Imperial IPA tasting. (Oh, my achin' noggin.) Nevertheless, I couldn't wait to post my accolades for this great little bar.The place looks pretty divey from the street and I would probably pass on by under normal circumstances, but I knew they were pouring the elusive Pliny the Elder inside, so nothing could stop me from going in--not even the blackout shades or the busted up signage.Once through the door, I was much more impressed, especially by the huge taplist behind the bar. Wow. Roscoe does beer good. I was greeted by a very friendly and knowledgeable bartender when I found a good seat at the bar. Of course, I started with a pint of Pliny. Great beer tasting session. They had four hard to find IIPA's: The Pliny, Bear Republic Cafe Racer 15, Avery Maharajah,  and Boneyard Hop Venom. You could get them in a taster set, or by the pint. It was also happy hour when I arrived and they have some great deals. I recommend the catfish sliders. Two for three bucks. Huge pieces of fish. That can't be beat.The prices on the premium pints were more than reasonable, too. $5.50 for a pint of the rare Cafe Racer 15. Awesome. I staggered out of Roscoe's a happy man and I still had a few dollars in my pocket. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2011,11/23/2011,56,145,7,7,9>Pretty glad I saw Don B.'s review of Cackalack's the other day.  Wife said, "We're going food carting Saturday."   Um, good....I want  Cackalack's!!!I had the Blazer sammich.  There was some debate between myself, the kid in the cart, and some poster boy for "Keep Portland Weird" behind me as to what level of spicy I wanted.  KPW guy told me that "hot" will make you sniffle a little and sweat if it's warm out, "XX" will kill you.  Good advice from a guy wearing a kick ass wool fedora and about 6 years worth of beard growth.  "Hot" was an excellent choice of spice for the sammich!!I'm not sure where Cackalack's finds their chicken breasts, but their chickens have most certainly had implants.....this sammich was huge!!  Chicken was moist and yummy!!   I didn't try their cajun fries, but saw them and they looked pretty good too!!  Next time, I think I'd get the Jalopy sammich.......Only issue I had was......while they give you 3 or 4 napkins, by the time you've found a place to sit in the pod and gotten a few bites into your sammich, you need a shower.  Next time I will make sure to get more napkins for my messy self.....Washed all this down with a ginger beer from Buckman Brewery.....made for an awesome Saturday afternoon lunch!!
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/10/2014,25,50,5,7,7>The previous review really sums it up, but I'm going to add my lil' tidbit for my recent discovery and love for Unity Church of Portland.This church is decorated with many symbols of love and devotion from crosses, rainbows, Om, lotus, etc. There are always very beautiful messages of living and loving this life and all the things it has to offer, whether we can always see them or not. :)   There is a side garden with a bench and its beautiful right now as the daisies and roses are in bloom.I frequent the community events, workshops, and weekly serenity meetings.  In the room my group meets in, you can see the drawings from the children that are there other times during the week, they read such beautiful things in colorful marker or crayon colors. "I Love Myself. Love my Parents. Love my fellow humans"  "Some times we must look closely even to the things we can not see" --- wow. "Equal but working hard" There is a small shop with beautiful crystals and books and the ladies in the office are extremely helpful. Awkward parking lot, kinda small. Great place to gather and just be.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,7/9/2014,95,374,4,10,6>I don't think besides weekend brunch this hidden gem has been discovered.  A warm 80 degree spring night, my partner and I drank pint sized margaritas for 6.5.  In fact, the entire cocktail menu is priced as such.This time, we split the proscuitto pizza with arugla.  It was fabulous, salty perfection with the porscuitto and a nice salad on top.  My picture here does not do it justice.The evening manager is a joy.  So friendly, so engaging, you want him to be your friend.To top it off we moved indoors to watch the Blazers playoffs, and it was just a perfect night with the outdoor seating and the game inside with the margaritas and open to the outside of fresh air wafting in. Not over-run and crowded like the ever-expandng Division.  Its my haven.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,7/8/2014,106,210,4,17,8>I'm not afraid to admit that i am religious but never been one to openly advertise it to everyone. My first time coming into this bakery its painfully obvious this owner is all about their religion. Having been in the bar industry for a number of years I've learned to always stay away from the subject of religion and politics and tonight I'm here to write a review of an amazing bakery and not about ones religious beliefs. My wife or shall I say fiance was fairly dead set on having our wedding cake made by His Bakery. Her family has been going to them for years now and I hear that they make an amazing banana cake with fresh bananas and whip cream frosting. She had me at banana cake so we made an appointment to have a cake tasting. Having gone to a few bridal shows in the last few months I've had my fair share of wedding cakes and have seen how pricey they can be. I was curious if their price point would be accommodating to our wallet. That story will come soon! When we arrived this particular afternoon we were immediately greeted by their friendly staff. We explained to them we were here for a cake tasting and had an appointment and they had us sit and asked us if we wanted any coffee or not. We sat down and had they pleasure of one of their employees explain the different samples of cake that was served to us and the various fillings and frosting that accompanied their cake. Our selections of cake were banana, champagne, chocolate, and white cake. The frosting and filling consisted of buttercream, white chocolate mousse, chocolate mousse, chocolate buttercream, marionberry, and raspberry.  The hardest part of sampling all of this cake and filling was really trying to come up with the combinations altogether. Once we were able to come up with that we already had a basic idea what we wanted. We gave their staff our order and they gave us recommendations and pictures to go with to see how we would like to decorate our cake. I really enjoyed the fact that this bakery is old school. They don't use fondant which my wife and I can't stand. They finished writing out our order and for the cost of the cake with the decorations and the fillings for 160-175 people came out to be only $525 for the whole thing. We may decide to order a quarter sheet but that would only be another 50 dollars additional. How many places can you find that can make a wedding cake for under $600? Not anyone I know of except for His Bakery. I am truly amazed how wonderful they are over there and the best part is the cost included them adding the roses and ribbon to the cake as well and delivery. I would definitely recommend His Bakery to all my friends and family from now on. You guys rock!
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,7/7/2014,71,373,4,9,6>I've had very little experience with soul food, but I know good food when I taste it. Ella's Kitchen is a hidden gem on Mississippi, across the street from Por Que No, next to the King Burrito cart. This place offers meals for all times of day, but my recent visit was during lunch.I ordered the Fish & Chips, choosing catfish with mac and cheese as my side. When I was in Chicago, I was really unimpressed by catfish I had. Something about Ella's catfish is magical though. Lightly breaded, perfectly fried, and flaky enough to tear and dip into tartar sauce. I'm a catfish convert, at least with this place.I wasn't expecting much from the mac and cheese, but I was pleasantly surprised. Seasoned perfectly with hints of garlic, and cooked past al dente so that it just melts in your mouth. This place is going to make me fat with joy.If you're in the neighborhood or reconsidering the line at Por Que No, do yourself a favor and drop her a visit. She says she loves to cook for people, and I believe her. It shows in her food.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,7/6/2014,130,511,4,15,11>It is such a pleasure to write this review. I had heard this spot opened, and knew it would be a perfect place to take my bourbon loving husband.My mother in law got us some amazing tickets to a Blazer game for my husbands birthday and it was the perfect chance to bring him into MWL. I told him it was a surprise, he had to dress up a little and we had to be parked downtown at 3:55. Well thanks MWL for making me score some major wife points.The entry would be easy to miss, it is up a narrow hallway and when you walk inside it is a whole new world. One wall is just whiskey, bourbon, scotch and more. I would guess there are at least 400 bottles. The place is decorated beautifully, paintings, rugs, exposed lighting, stained glass, brass and lots of pretty leather furniture.  We were greeted and our coats were put away. We were given the option to cozy up on a couch or sit at the bar, we opted for the couch. I was driving so I stuck to club soda. Matt tried a couple bourbons based on the recommendation of our attentive and delightful server Jordan. Matt read the book of all the options they carry and we sat in near silence for an hour and a half. I relaxed and enjoyed people watching and he immersed himself in the bible of drinks. The food looked good but we opted to pass on this visit.I get the complaints, it feels a touch elitist that they have empty seats and are turning people away. Well their business model is working for them and the establishment is not for everyone. But once you are in you are transported to a place and time that is rare and beautiful. Coming early was worth it. In fact we would be members if we lived in Portland. Sure you can drink anywhere, but for a special occasion get a hall pass and a reservation and enjoy a true experience.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,7/5/2014,49,90,4,20,14>This was a unique experience.  I'm not sure if I've eaten at a place like this anywhere in America aside from a friend's house.  My friend and I wandered in because we saw the sign for Somali food.  I had wanted to try this place before, but it had been closed when I have wandered around these parts earlier.  We walked in and two people were sitting at a table -- a father and a little girl.  The father asked us if we were here to eat.  He seemed a little surprised.  We said yes and they took us to a table.  The mother was in the kitchen and she came out and said she had chicken and rice -- very good chicken and rice.  Would we like some?  Sure!There were no menus.  We had no idea how much our dinner would cost or even what this chicken and rice dish would be.  The father handed us bottles of NICE brand water and brewed us up some spiced shaah, somali tea to try.  It was black tea with cinnamon and cloves.  Sweet and delicious.  They brought us a first course of salad with lime and a banana.  Next was our plate of rice, spiced chicken and vegetables.  It came with a spicy lime sauce that was flavorful and unique.  They could have brought us just one plate and served it family style, but each of us had one plate each.  They preemptively brought a styrofoam container to take our leftovers to go.People came in and out, including aunts and friends, chatting with the owners.  The daughter sang One Direction songs and talked with us as we ate her mother's delicious, spicy chicken.  It felt more like a communal kitchen or being at a friend's house for a party.  My friend wondered how much our dinner was going to cost -- not something that's a usual issue at any restaurant.  The father let me know that they usually serve goat as well and that it's quite good.Our dinners ended up costing $10 each and we had an amazing experience.  We will definitely be back to try their other items and partake in the truly homey atmosphere.  This was an fun trip far away from Portland while remaining just minutes from home.  A truly unique find.
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,7/4/2014,148,708,14,16,18>We ordered pizza from Curry and Crust through Delivered Dish. A palak paneer pizza, a butter chicken pizza, and a cheese pizza. It was expensive but I think Delivered Dish may augment the prices a bit. I liked the butter chicken especially. It was savory and delicious. The sauce was right and the chicken tasted good. The palak paneer was good, but my slice only had 1 chunk of paneer ( another person's had four. Humph!)It was also a little on the wet side. A slightly thinner layer of curry might be more effective. We got the cheese pizza for Princess. It arrived with a rather bland tomato sauce. She didnt like it. The rest of us thought it was adequate. The pizza came with raita, which was yummy.  I think this was a fine experiment. I'm looking forward to going in person to try more of their offerings.
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,7/3/2014,40,150,6,11,6>Has my one and only wish finally come true? Has good boba finally arrived in Portland?YESSS. I first tried them at WW Eat Mobile 2014 and was hooked. Anyone who has read my reviews know that I am very picky and critical about my boba. Little Boba Truck, however, gets it all right.Reasons why I love this adorable little truck:1. They do honey-infused boba just like they have it down in Southern California. My world is complete. 2. The boba has the perfect consistency - soft on the outside with just the right amount of chew in the center. They keep it in the crock pot so it stays at the right consistency until you order.3. The milk tea, my standard of comparison for boba places, is fabulous.4. They take it a step further and Portlandize the drink with fresh ingredients and fruit juices. 5. They base out of Beaverton, aka closer to me. So, so happy. 6. They call it BOBA, not BUBBLE TEA.7. The owners are so friendly!I just wish they would open either later/earlier or on Sundays and Mondays, their current schedule doesn't work well with my work schedule! What a huge bummer! But I guess I can't have it all - and it'll just make when I am able to visit their truck that much better. Follow them on Facebook and twitter, they'll post their locations there.Welcome to Portland, Little Boba Truck! Your presence is much appreciated!
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,7/2/2014,41,296,5,7,4>Had an amazing time at cinetopia with my husband we saw The secret life of Walter Mitty and it was in the Living room theater which was AWESOME!!!! The sound was amazing,where we sat which was the upper middle was AMAZING!! It gave a perfect view and the seating was awesome the arm rests could be lifted so that my husband and I could cuddle close, and there was comfy foot rests that we put our feet on.    Before the movie started a waiter asked if there was anything we needed and I piped up "I would like a beer for my husband" so my husband chose a cheap one even though I didn't care what he got and a short time later his beer was delivered and he enjoyed that during the movie:-) I liked the movie it was awesome and highly recommended Ben Stiller is an awesome actor and the movie was very funny:-)
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,7/1/2014,43,246,5,8,8>This review is for the large dog part only; please refer to Jennifer P's review regarding the small dog section.TAKE WATER!!! There is no nearby source, so this part is up to YOU.This park occupies land under PUD power lines; if that fact freaks you out, you had best keep looking. While I can't accurately describe the dimensions of this park, the word huge will do nicely.It has a nice double-gated entrance. This is great for those dogs (Fred) that know they are going to doggy Heaven On Earth and may need to get chilled out for a moment. It's also a great place to get at least the top layer of mud off of them before they get back in the vehicle.There is a nice little info area about 20 feet in. One of those half- covered things that looks like a bike shed. The usual fliers; lost and found, volunteer requests, doggy daycare adverts, vet reccomendations, poo bag dispensers, etc.The entire perimiter is fenced in. No chance for escape.There is a dedicated path that follows the fence all the way around the park.Then there is the middle. This is where the hugeness factors in.Most of this park occupies a long, gentle hill. It's ball-throwing Valhalla. This space is long enough to play fetch with Godzilla. It's also wide enough to easily have your own area in amongst all the others that are there.Everyone seems very conscientous about cleaning up after their pets. There are at least 3 drop-off stations around the park; you won't be packing around that Nasty Bag for too long.I would wish for a water source. That's the only thing keeping this from being a 5 star experience. Picky me.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2010,6/21/2010,61,30,16,10,10>For so long, Tastebud was my weekend ritual: pizza at the PSU Farmer's Market on Saturdays (from the portable oven!) and a bagel and the Times on Sunday morning. I loved them both so much that I never made a point to go to the actual Tastebud restaurant.And then, I moved closer and found myself at the real, live brick and mortar Tastebud. Wait, what am I saying? I actually moved much further away. What really happened was that I met a boy who was willing to give me a ride!This is five star food, served in a three star dining room. The pizza speaks for itself; I usually just end up getting a cheese pizza because the crust and sauce are so delicious that toppings seem superfluous. Unfortunately, I also usually take my pizza to go, because I sort of hate Tastebud's layout. The dining room is a tiny little place; tables are mere inches apart, which often makes things awkward. I don't mind communal seating, but it's often so strangely silent in the dining room that the entire room is privy to your conversation. The last time we were there, we were seated right next to some acquaintances (though 75% of the room was empty) and I think all of us felt like we had to have a conversation the whole time, since we were virtually at the same table. Eck. It's also worth mentioning that the lighting up in here is horrific, so don't go with anyone who isn't already smitten with your beautiful face.Beer selection is good, and the salads are tasty. Service is friendly, but not always speedy. There's an all-you-can-eat pizza night for 15 bones on Sundays, but I like to have leftovers, so I've never been. Take note, however, that you can't dine-in and order your own pizza that night; you have to do the all-you-can-eat. (This has caused some disappointment on my part.) Sunday take-out is also limited to just a few options. One mystery that I've never solved (because I don't do things like... ask) is whether that basket of bagels in the front is for eating or for decoration. If you've eaten one, I feel like I need to tell you something: I put my hand on those bagels every single time I wait for a table. I'm sorry, I think the world is my petting zoo.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2010,6/20/2010,53,84,6,9,8>So, there are certain things in life where your brain tells you "you shouldn't do this man....". Those things include jumping out of a perfectly good airplane, swimming with sharks, and ordering corn pizza. Now, I'm not saying you should do the first two, but the corn pizza is one of the best things I have eaten in a long time. Fresh sweet corn with smoked mozzarella and caramelized onions, damn good. I'm glad I defied my natural instinct. Besides the corn pizza, we had the sausage pizza, which was good, but if you're looking for "Lou Malnatis", this is not it. Instead, you'll get an artisan pizza that will make your face-station happy. The service was excellent, but we may have lucked out on the wait. Since there were only 2 of us, we got a table quick, but the wait was nothing like the place on Hawthorne.  We had wrestled over whether or not to get the special pizza , the Blue moon, so the waitress brought us a slice on the house! It was amazing, subtle blue cheese flavor with mushrooms, just amazing.
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,6/19/2010,61,93,4,13,6>Yippee Yahoo!!! the PSU rec center is FINALLY open!!  Time to get my lazy tush off the couch, put Dexter on pause, and get active again... and the fact that membership is free for students provides a little extra incentive!I was initially tempted to throw up only 4 stars because I was definitely spoiled down at Oregon State with the ever-wonderful Dixon Rec Center.  Although different (and slightly lacking compared to Dixon in a couple areas) I was still impressed.  I'm a big fan of new gyms and PSU went all out: 70% of the cardio machines have built in televisions with more than just basic cable, awesome downtown views from the pool, weight room, suspended track, cardio rooms, and gyms, 3 basketball courts, climbing center (with all brand new equipment to rent!!), a full range of group classes.... I could go on and on.Still lacking a bit in personality but it JUST opened so things are still a little in flux.  Even given all the new years weight loss resolution people that typically flood gyms all over town from January 1 till about March 1 (by which point most have gone back to their lazy ways), there was plenty equipment to go around.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,6/18/2010,152,351,10,21,12>Don't worry, it all turned out fine in the end, thanks to Dr. Welk.But oh how it began, back in '05, with Dr. 'x'.... Imagine having a root canal without any pain killer. From a guy who's having an affair with his receptionist and arguing with his wife on his cell during the procedure. Imagine suffering through a 2-week recovery, with recurring pain for 5 years. Imagine being told you have to have the same tooth root canaled again because, big surprise, the first guy did it all wrong, missed two roots and left cotton where a filling was supposed to be.I cannot do it. I cannot go through that again.Enter Dr. Welk. We discussed my anxiety about the procedure, and my resistance to lidocaine (it doesn't work on me. At all). He explained the kind of equipment he uses, how it enables his work to be more efficient and more accurate. He also had several ideas about how to handle the lidocaine issue, settling on two kinds of anesthetic and prefunking with ibuoprofen.Dr. Welk was patient and professional, and in the end, the root canal wasn't so bad.  I can do that again. p.s. If you're lidocaine-resistant like me, ask for options. You don't have to suffer.
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2010,6/16/2010,107,111,27,13,12>This is the story of a couple of good friends who hadn't seen each other in a while and were jazzed about hitting the new neighborhood bar for a few pints...Andy: Dude, it's been ages, man. Let's go get drunk.Ian: You think you can make it through five pints this time?A: Aw, fuck you, man. Just cuz you're 50 pounds heavier than me...I: Hey, we should check out that new alehouse - Spints. A: Yeah, let's do it! Spints, baby! Spints!Narrator: When they got there, it wasn't quite what they expected...A: Whoa. Fancy.I: WTF, they're selling pints for $8. These are Canadian prices.A: I don't think we're gonna get shitfaced tonight. And look at the menu -- this isn't exactly bar food. But it looks really good. I: And expensive. Dang, I was hoping we'd spend this much on beer tonight, not on a lamb shank.A: But let's be realistic, Ian. We're men, and we're hungry. We can't not order the lamb shank.I: We'll have to share it, then. And while we're at it, we should probably share a couple of small plates...A: Sounds good to me. Huh, this would be a nice place to take a date.Narrator: Yes, it would, Andy. The faux-German-rustic charm, low light, tidy decoration and friendly staff fit perfectly into an ideal date situation. So as these two gentlemen picked off each others plates and talked quietly into the night, what started as a guys' night out, with beer, fried food, pool, darts, and strippers, turned into, well, more like a date.I: Wait, what did you just say? This isn't a date. I'm not gay. Not that there's anything wrong with it.A: Hey, you were the one who wanted to share this entree. I: Whatever, this whole thing was your idea.A: Ah, no. I believe it was yours, bitchface.Narrator: But they had to admit, the lamb shank was pretty fantastic, and the pretzel with fondue and slices of apple and pear was a magnificent blend of flavors.I: Wow, that was really good. I bet the desserts are even better.A: Ok, but we're not sharing this time.I: What are you talking about? Come on.A: Whatever, fine. But if we share, we have to balance it with something heterosexual afterwards.Narrator: So they finished their tasty desserts, Andy had a torte, Ian had a tart (how cute; and still they insist this isn't a date)A + I: Fuck you!Narrator: ... and they headed on over to the Red Flag to watch the end of the Blazers game and cleanse their minds of the whole experience.A: Fucking Blazers! How do you blow an 8-point lead with 3 minutes left in the 4th quarter?I: That goddamned ref is how. A: Five of those points might have been the ref's doing, but the Blazers were their own worst enemy at the end...Narrator: And they lived happily ever after.
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2010,6/15/2010,72,144,11,11,11>Los GorditosI never went to the Los Gorditos Food cart, but as soon as I read a review on it in the WW, I all but tripped over myself to get there. From what I read, this place boasts Vegan awesome delights from tofutti sour cream and avocado drenched nachos to soy curl tacos.I thought to myself, "Self--WTF is a soy curl?" Self wanted me to find out post haste.The BF and I made the incredible journey to the mysterious Southeast for just this occasion. Thankfully I got exactly what I was expecting: A cheap delicious Vegan-Awesome Taqueria. In the grand tradition of the taquerias I have been to-- this is a order at the register, cash only, seat yourself at the white formica tables kind of establishment, so if you are expecting more, don't. No frills, but with a no frills price tag! After a long while of me salivating over the extensive menu full of traditional mexican food offerings with a vegan twist, of which I could eat anything I wanted to...I finally decided to be boring and get a burrito (WITH SOY CURLS!), just so I could get a proper reading of the food--Burritos being my Mexican Food barometer. Deep in my heart I really wanted a torta, as I have never been able to eat one before in the cruel meaty world I live in.....Contrary to other reports--our food arrived in record time ,via unexpected table service. The portions were tasty and huge, and I will not shy away from extras like avocado and tofutti cream on my next visit. I was in a food k-hole in no time due to the fact my burrito was a large as a linebackers thigh. It's worth the trek across town for more Vegan goodness,now that I know that these folks aren't playing around. Servings big, prices low, gutter punks present. I will be bold and get a vegan torta.  I will go confidently into every social situation from here to eternity with the (un)carnal knowlegde of the soy curl. Thank you little fat boys, thank you.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2010,6/14/2010,147,332,7,13,10>It just gets better and better. S.U. and I were putting her new electric bike through its paces on Sunday. We were finishing a ride from NE to Sellwood and back when we were pedaling (me more than her) up N. Williams. The rain had stopped, and the N. Williams neighborhood was hopping. People were lined up outside of Tasty & Sons, Ristrettos was full and Bob S. needed an 0yster fix.It was Brunch time at EaT. We walked in (sit anywhere she said) and  took seats inside on the main floor near the band, Reggie's Box of Chocolate (awesome 3-piece jazz trio). We ordered a half dozen fresh Wilapas, S.U. ordered a crab po-boy, I had a hang town fry and we both had the IRA, a hoppy golden ale. I love Wilapa Bay oysters. These were good sized, fresh, crunchy and very tasty. The hangtown fry was basically a bacon (home cured) omelet with 4 perfectly pan-fried oysters on top. S.U. loved the crabs but wasn't too pleased with the fries.As the band started, we finished our food, ordered another round (10 oz so no judging!!) and kicked back and listened to great live jazz while the sun streamed in the front.Should be 5 stars but, damn, they've got to nail those fries!
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2010,6/13/2010,457,356,27,20,14>Hello, my name is John and am a Biscuits and Gravy-o-holic.I have shamed myself and my family in search of a good plate of the stuff, stooping so low as to try an order from a Chevron Gas Station and once back east at a McDonald's I actually order the "McBiscuits & Gravy".  I have consumed gravies that went in color from the whitest white of a pure driven snow to the battleship gray of the USS Missouri herself.  I have biscuits as soft and fluffy as a newborn kitten and as hard and unyielding as a Jolly Rancher Candy.  I will freely admit my addiction but you can't stop me, I will order it again and again with no remorse, even if I have to stand at a freeway on ramp with a sign reading "Homeless and in need of Biscuits and Gravy".Biscuits and Gravy can be traced back to the original 1608 Jamestown settlement in Virginia.  After the Revolutionary War people needed a hearty breakfast but food stocks were in short supply forcing people to use what they had to produce something definitely non-British.  This is wear the dish took off as a hearty dish in the south for people facing a hard days work on a plantation.  From these humble beginnings of ingenuity to derive something from little supplies has come full circle as a sought after traditionally American dish.It was a Monday and The Wife woke up feeling poorly.  The Tax Deduction was already sick and it looked like The Wife caught the full brunt of it.  In need of medicines to ease an ear infection we went as a family to the Doctor and then dutifully to the pharmacy who said it would take a while.  With time on our hands and empty stomachs we ventured somewhere new to us, to Biscuits Cafe, fine purveyors of my favorite dish.The Wife doesn't normally do biscuits and gravy, she has a thing about pepper.  The Tax Deduction at 4-1/2 has no appreciation of the finer things in life leaving me the soul order of my favorite dish.  The Wife ordered corned beef hash and The Tax Deduction went for pancakes and bacon.  I ordered the 2 biscuits, 2 eggs and bacon meal.  It was obscene, and I, I was in love for the shear vision before me.  I took a moment to thank the south for coming up with this dish.Biscuits Cafe is very utilitarian, it screams Cafe and function, it says we serve good food here and the food is the star of the show.  The service was impressive from start to finish.  The Wife relates that the coffee was more than acceptable.  The make a rocking good corned beef hash and an amazingly light and fluffy pancake.The biscuits and gravy were just heavenly.  While I have had lighter and larger biscuits they did the job just fine.  The gravy was savory, as you take your first bite you get a strong hint of sage or maybe rosemary followed by a sausage taste all co-mingling on the tongue.  The portion was huge and I left there very very happy.  We will definitely return.... soon.
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,6/12/2010,141,355,15,13,15>Until quite recently I would have bet a shiny nickle that this  yelp.com/biz/the-onion-s  was the only place west of the Mississippi, or at least in the Pacific Northwest, that one could get an order of  deep fried oreos.  And I would have been wrong. And being wrong would have never been so right. It's one of those guilty pleasures, y'know?  Like reruns of "Blossom", Rush albums, or street racing down by the old abandoned mill.  Except in the form of cake. Delicious, mini, deep fried cake. Fire on the Mountain is a fun spot on East Burnside, and situated on the corner of a pretty sweet little neighborhood. The casual atmosphere serves as a great spot to hang out with friends who are in dire need of a hot wing fix.  While it made me a little homesick for the late night adventures in the cool part of Spokane (which surprisingly exists) it's obvious that this restaurant is 100% original.   While the overhead menu is huge, maybe even a bit daunting, it basically comes down to how many wings you want and what you want them smothered in. The night we went there was an abridged version of the menu at the walk-up to order counter which helped speed the decision process up.  After placing our orders, cramming around a pair of tables, and chatting over the mellow classic rock soundtrack we waited for about 20 minutes for our orders to arrive.  As it has been said elsewhere, the wings are quite good, even great if greasy is your thing.  And the Oreos? as disgustingly divine as I remembered them.  It's not a place I'd visit frequently, nor a cuisine that I could be in the mood for all the time, but it's utterly fantastic to know it's around.... Like when I'm pining for Spokompton... or Rush.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,6/11/2010,302,646,4,8,8>For almost a year that I've lived within this area, I've purposely avoided this place because it's right next to a motel and a McDonald's. I mean, how judgemental is that?And for almost a year, I've been wanting to find a Japanese restaurant that served curry dishes such as katsu curry or curry udon but since I wasn't successful, I've just made it myself (it's easy peasy, btw). So after a google search for "katsu curry portland, or" this popped up as one of the searches and sure enough, it's on the menu. In fact they have a few curry options INCLUDING curry udon among their many other things to offer (sushi, oyakodon, katsudon, ramen, shabu-shabu!).So I order chicken katsu curry that comes with salad. The salad was good but slightly overdressed. The katsu curry was decent. Not ZOMG  I LOVE YOU good, but a solid 3 stars good, especially since this was the first place that I found here that makes it. It was just a little too sweet for my taste and usually I'm the type to eat up all the curry sauce on the plate even if it means stealing leftover curry sauce from my dining parter's plate. I didn't eat all the sauce in this one. I'm giving this 4 stars because it's really close to home and I noticed that they sell ankimo as well that i'd like to try out in the future.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,9/28/2014,71,373,6,5,2>Found it.I'd like to think I'm a connoisseur of burgers. Having been trained to eat the best in Chicago, I've been searching hard for the best in Portland.Slow Bar has given me the best burger in Portland to date. The bun is sturdy and delicious in its own right. The onion ring is fried perfectly. The garlic aioli and picked relish sang in harmony without overpowering the beef. And the beef, a magnificent medium rare. And a whole 1/2 lb of it, all to myself.And the fries were a perfect compliment. Crispy, hot, at a perfect thickness. I would wish for either a touch more salt, or aioli on the side with which to slather the fries.If you haven't given yourself a treat recently, come here at an off-hour so you can enjoy this beast without embarrassing yourself too much in public from moaning and exclaiming. Or if you're an exhibitionist, order two and make it a show. So good.
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,9/27/2014,276,315,7,10,7>I'm not going to pretend I know anything about Philly food.  But, I do know damn tasty food when I have it, and the offerings I've so far had at The Italian Market have been nothing but damn tasty.During my first visit, I had the Ellsworth (Italian Beef Brisket with Roasted Tomatoes, Sharp Provolone, and Horseradish Mayo). It was succulent and all kinds of yum. I wish I'd had the presence of mind to have asked for pepperonicini with it, as that would have added another layer of taste. Whilst awaiting my sandwich, I spied the Passyunk on their menu, and swore I would have it the next time.Flash forward to the next visit, and I indeed had the Passyunk, which despite the owners providing the pronunciation guide, I still ordered it by saying 'passy-yunk'. (The correct way to say it is 'pash-yunk'.) This was a divine sandwich-- Baked Eggplant with Roasted Peppers & Fennel, Homemade Mozzarella and Pesto. I don't care what you call this sandwich; I'll simply call it HellaGood.I splurged and ordered a side of meatballs. They were so amazing I'm pretty sure I sported a semi whilst enjoying every morsel. I vow to try Uncle Mike's Meatball Sub the next time I visit, if only at the thought of enjoying those meatballs again. #soundskinkyI'm definitely going to have to work my way down their menu. Thank goodness they're only a 5.5-mile walk from home. :)
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2013,9/26/2014,76,174,8,16,11>I've travelled extensively and been to many airports, and I think Portland International Airport is one of the best. It's certainly not a huge airport like O'Hare or Atlanta Hatsfield, mind you, and it's not any airline's hub, but that's probably all for the better actually (in terms of the headaches associated with high traffic and congestion). Here are some of the main reasons PDX is so great:1) Free Wi-Fi. That's right. Free.2) Concessions don't gouge you. The Port of Portland requires concessions to charge no more in the airport terminal than they do in their off-airport locations. This is HUGELY awesome, and so uncharacteristic of the exploitative "captive audience" gouging you see at most airports.2) Local concessions. Unlike many other of the world's airports, PDX doesn't contract with a mega concession operator to populate the terminals with generic, multi-national McFranchises. Instead they have their own internal concession team that offers up a mix of local, regional, and national offerings. Powell's Books, Gustav's, Rouge Ales, Laurelwood Brewing Co., Coffee People, Pizza Schmizza, and Columbia Sportswear are mixed in with the typical  Starbuck's, McDonald's, and Brookstones.  3) Given that it rains in Portland a better part of the year, the terminal drive up area is covered by a huge clear glass covering, keeping pick ups and drop offs a dry proposition without blocking natural light.4) There are two security check points, which rarely have long lines. PRO TIP: All of the terminals at PDX are connected. So if one security checkpoint has long lines, go to the other one and then just walk around to your gate!5) The MAX line runs right into the airport. You can travel to or from downtown by light rail for $2.50 in under an hour and save yourself a hefty cab fee. My only real gripe has to do more with the implications of Portland's geographical location in regard to the air traffic food chain than with how the airport is operated. It seems that any departure flight going east takes off early in the morning, and and arrival from places east arrive late at night. I wish that just once I could depart or arrive in the middle of the day. If you travel a lot to California, Seattle, Vancouver BC, or Hawaii (or other Pacific destinations) this is less of a problem.
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,9/25/2014,99,58,6,11,14>I love the Nu-Rite. I realize this might sound strange to some people, but when I first moved to the neighborhood, this is the place that made me feel the most at home, and was the most welcoming to me of all the Mississippi establishments. The store's selection of goods is truly various and vast for a convenient store. Chances are, whatever you're looking for, they probably have it or a variation of it. Toilet paper? Check. Tin foil? Check. Salsa and Juanitas? Check & mate. They have a pretty decent selection of beer and wine here too. They have milk, ice cream, medicine- really, everything you may need last minute and hope that the convenient store across the street has. They even have deli foods that I've never ordered, but the owner has told me that a bunch of people actually do purchase the deli food. Fun fact: this is one of the oldest, still running establishments on Mississippi, and the owner once showed me the original walk-in fridge from when the Nu-Rite was a full scale deli. Now the owner just uses the walk in fridge to store surplus fridge items (not just deli items).About the owners- they are awesome. I believe the place is owned by a husband/wife team, and they are both really nice, friendly, accommodating, and willing to help you out if they can. There are a few other people who work at the store, who are definitely not as cool as this husband/wife team. But, two people can't run the store 8-11pm 7 days a week. Since I buy beer from here quite often, the owner sometimes asks me for new beers that they should start carrying. I thought that was really awesome of him to ask, and I definitely gave him some suggestions.Nu-RIte is everything you would want your neighborhood convenient store to be. If only they could all be this sweet.
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/24/2014,202,297,5,13,12>The love affair with Tamale Boy started Saturday, September 22, 2012 at Yelp's Plaid Party. Fast Forward 538 days later and now Portland's favorite Food Truck and best Tamales finally have a B&M flagship. The food is still outstanding. I love their banana leaf wrapped tamales. The masa is so silky smooth with a ton of filling. I am a SoCal native that lives in Hillsburrito and I think the Oaxaqueño tamales are the best I have ever had.  The pork and beans explode with chorizo and piggy goodness. here's a link to my original review of their food from the truck: yelp.com/biz/tamale-boy-The restaurant space is a nice bright space. The menu board is a throwback movie marquee board listing the basics: tamales and sides. What is missing is a a more detailed menu to make ordering easier. Since today is the Grand Opening, I am guessing that is on the way. Thier B&M has an expanded menu of tacos, burritos, cocktails, and beers that need to be put to paper. The restaurant is counter service. Place your order and get a number. If the crowds keep up (which I hope they do), I would like to see a second cashier station to order to speed through the lines. With 15 people in front of me, it took about 25 minutes to put my order in. Their patio is huge! I can see it being a great summer patio hangout spot. I'm in love with Tamale Boy. While the B&M isn't perfect yet, the Tamales are better than perfect. These have been the longest 538 days of my life. I will be coming back for many more tamale rendezvous.
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,9/23/2014,164,111,2,9,9>Super tiny, super delicious coffee shop in NW Portland.I love my espresso drinks and this little joint serves some amazing espresso.  Sadly, I'm not enough of a coffee expert to satisfactorily describe the flavor differences between coffees, but I want to emphasize that the espresso served at Sterling is decidedly different from what you would find at most other Portland roasters like Stumptown and Heart.  To me, Sterling's house espresso that I tried, called Blendo Stupendo, was a little more sweet compared to Stumptown/Heart's bitter.  The bottom line is, if you love Portland coffee and you want to expand your horizons, give Sterling's brew a shot.  You will not be disappointed.The only downside is that the establishment really is tiny.  Tiny might not sum this shop up enough: perhaps 10 people can fit in here and not comfortably.  There are two baristas there, and they can barely fit behind the counter too.  Bottom line:  be prepared to take your coffee to go as I would not recommend this as a destination to work on your computer or read the paper.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,9/22/2014,301,344,10,17,14>I first heard about Pip's from a friend of mine who raved about the newest donut in town.  Granted they are mini size and only offer a couple of flavors to choose from.  So after being photo-bombed one morning, I caved in and finally made it to the shop.  From the moment I walked in, I was warmly greeted by a friendly staff who was eager and happy to take my order.I ordered a dozen donuts - don't worry  I was going to share :).  Flavors consist of salt and honey plus cinnamon and sugar daily.  Sunday's after after 4 PM the rest of the day, a nutella hazelnut chocolate sauce is available for a little extra charge.  I decided to get 4 donuts of each flavor to try.  My bill came to be about $6 which I was thought was a reasonable price for the quality and quantity.  I got to see the magic unfold in my eyes as the staff cooked the donuts to order.  A few minutes later, my name was called and I was surprised by the speed and efficiency.  I rushed to the theater to start my volunteer shift just in the nick of time.  The staff was happy I brought some fresh donuts to start the day.  After we got our coffee fix, we indulged in the donut goodness.  They were still warm and moist with little dryness.   They almost melted in my mouth with each bite.  The nutella hazel nut chocolate sauce had just the right amount topped in the donut.  The hint of sugar and salt balanced out the sweetness for the other donuts.  We all agreed these were probably the best and simplistic donuts we have had in a long time.   I visited again recently and got the same results.  The donuts maintained their quality, consistency, and balance of sweet and salt.  The staff is at top of their game and makes sure everyone is taken care of and not neglected.  The home made soda's are worth checking out in the next visit.  I like how I don't have to think too hard or too long what I want when I visit.  Pips you stole my heart and I can't wait to go again!!!!
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,9/21/2014,61,282,5,9,8>Family-friendly, community based, non-profit place to eat and drink. Sounds like a great idea and this place has played out this idea very well.  People in Portland generally love good craft beer and supporting local charities so this place has a nice draw for a number of crowds. You get to choose the charity that you want to support and I think this is a nice way of personalizing it for the patron. They have an awesome group of charities to choose from. Friends of Trees, My Voice Music, The Neo Fund, POIC, Habitat for Humanity, Compassion First, Black United Fund, and Friends of the Children. Once you place your order you then tell them what one you want to donate too. Grab a number for a food order and grab a seat inside at a booth, the bar, or the awesome outside seating picnic table style. The people who work here are really enthusiastic and upbeat. They enjoy what they are doing and it really shows. Especially Kenny behind the bar. He is really great at explaining the beer choices and the flavors they hold. Great service!They have a good menu list. A few appetizers like fries, hummus, and cheesy bread for $5. Entrees include burgers, french dip, fettuccine Alfredo, reuben, fish and chips, and a few other choices. The variety is great. They also have a few salads and about 5 different dessert options for the sweet tooth in all of us. I ordered the french dip. Lots of meat and the au ju was perfect. The bread was also super fresh. Done just right.My first experience here was awesome and I plan on coming here more in the future. Drink a pint, save the world.
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/20/2014,758,866,4,7,3>Great tacos, fast service.Came on Taco Tuesday where all tacos are 99 cents as opposed to the usual $1.20.Came a before noon and line wasn't bad. Around noon it was 10+ deep and around 10-15 minute wait for food so not too bad.Carne asada was slightly juicy and not as dry and crispy as some places. Carnitas were crispy with some fat pieces - awesome flavorSlightly grilled homemade tortillas for the tacos really stand out.Instead of a Salsa bar, the Salsa comes in dispensers. These seem to be limited, so you may have to share with others.The red salsa has a nice flavor with a medium spiciness. They also have a cool guacamole one and the standard tomatillo.Not the greatest interior, but you are coming for a very tasty somewhat fast stop.I'm discovering this area of 99W in Tigard is loaded with good Mexican places so will be creating a list of them soon.4.5 Stars
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,9/19/2014,50,112,3,14,6>EAT HERE NOW!!! AMAZING FOOD AND SERVICE! My wife and I decided to eat here due to the 5 star reviews on Yelp and it was a great decision! To begin with, our server was incredibly friendly, prompt and professional. She explained the menu options and quickly honored the Yelp-provided FREE THAI ICED TEA option that displays when you check in on your Yelp App. My wife and I ordered the Salad Rolls, Chicken Pad Thai and the Tom Kha Gai soup to share. The portions would have made Aristotle happy as they followed his 'Golden Mean' concept (not too big and not too small; just right). The flavors were amazing as was the service and prices. This is a family-owned/operated business and our server said they tend to have a difficult time with steady business due to the location of the restaurant and the lack of name recognition. Our server was so passionate about her family business and providing authentic Thai food to her guests. At the end of meal as we were leaving, I told her I would give her and her restaurant a great review on Yelp and would also spread the word to my friends and family to come and eat here. Please come and support this local and family-owned business! Amazing food at a great value...plus the service is top-notch!!
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,2/18/2013,466,819,3,8,7>Solid joint and kind of a hole-in-the wall...which I like. It's a bit hard to find since it doesn't face the main road...and beware; this place can get crowded at the lunch time. Definitely more on the authentic side. Good menu and I liked the fact I could "customize" my order. I wanted their Fish Tacos ($5.50) but also wanted to try out a Carnitas crispy taco. They were more than happy to accomodate. Chips and salsa were served right away. Not the greatest. Salsa was not spicy and even tasted a bit sweet. Passable but I didn't really eat much of it. Their homemade red and green sauces are tasty however. My food came fairly quickly. Fish tacos came with lime and radish on the side. Nicely grilled fish was well seasoned. Cream sauce on it was OK but closely resembeled chipotle BBQ mixed with ranch. Hell, maybe that's what it was. Carnitas crispy taco came with cheese, lettuce, tomato, and sour cream. It was alright aside from the SUPER salty carnitas. I would not eat it again. It was a bit greasy too. All in all good meal though. Staff was friendly and my bill was under $10. They serve alcohol and I will certainly come back to try some other menu items.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,2/17/2013,301,344,6,10,7>AHHHHHHH sub sandwich heaven!!!  I have been frequenting this fine dandy establishment since they recently opened up a brick and mortar location.  The service is friendly and prompt with each order.  The ambiance is calm with classic tunes playing in the background.  It has a somewhat old school diner feel to with the stools and the counter layout.  I tried the Italian sub sandwich with hot peppers added.  The bread had a crunchy texture to it.  The peppers were nicely spiced and the toppings plentiful.  My friend asked me how it was; I ate in silence and could only say "Don't bother me I'm eating".  They certainly live up to the name.  Sure the sandwiches are in the $7-$9 range but the price is well worth it.  I had the sandwich for lunch and for once, it did something many places have failed:  I was full for the rest of the day!  After reading reviews of other faithful yeeps, the St. Bomber called my name.  Another friend wanted to go so we met up and ordered the same steak sandwich.  I took a picture for bragging purposes and many people who saw it were overwhelmed.   The picture up close made the sandwich "super sized"  so I had to explain the size difference.  I noticed the bread this time was soft and moist.  Again I ate in silence and marveled how well the beef was seasoned and the cheese perfectly layered.  The chips are house made and provide a great little snack in between bites.I am a fan and will continue to return.  The staff rocks and always makes me feel welcome.  There is some booze and cocktails too so there is something for everyone.  If I need some moment of silence, just drag me here.  You will thank me later!
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,2/16/2013,75,83,10,12,10>How do you get a baby astronaut to sleep? You rock-et!Seriously, Space Room rocks the late night on Hawthorne.Happy hour til 1AM, every night. Yes. Happy Food menu featuring two tasty tacos for $2, a basket of tots for just $2.50 (add three good sized chicken strips for only $2 more) and well drinks so cheap you wonder if you forgot to pay for all of them. Fish bowl cocktails with names like the Purple Alien and Space Punch. Video poker. Sassy servers. Jammin tunes on the juke. Oh, yes. It's dark and divey. And the bathrooms could be way cleaner. But the crowd could not be much more entertaining. Space Room is the most fun to be had in SE Portland on a Saturday night. Catch a few hours of Zzzzzs and then go back the next day (or later the same day, as the case may be), for Sunday breakfast served all day with Bloody Mary specials.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,2/15/2013,55,116,7,14,7>This place is glorious. Went there last night for dinner and went back today for lunch. Yeah. That's a lot of gyro in a short amount of time.So wanted to have a really good gyro place here in Vancouver. Lo and behold, I saw that this little place was opening about the middle of the month and finally stopped by. Very happy I did, as it's one of the best gyros I've ever had. There's something about the sauce that's a little different than most gyros... I can't really explain it. Best to just try it yourself, I suppose.Couple of notes:1) I've only ever had the traditional gyro, which is a mix of lamb / beef strips of meat. These are put on a grilled and grilled up; not put in a microwave.2) Dennis - the owner / only person working there (I believe) - is an incredibly nice guy. Very much giving this little place his all. You can tell too, with his gyro shirt, friendly attitude, etc.3) Despite Getta Gyro only being a tiny drive-thru, the place looks clean as a whistle inside. Sometimes, when I go to food carts in Portland, I'm really kind of scared to peek inside. GG looks really clean and I appreciate that.So if you're poking around Vancouver and thinking to yourself, "Boy, what am I going to eat? More of the same...?" Remember this place and do yourself a favor and give a gyro a shot. Glad I did.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,2/14/2013,45,184,7,11,6>I have found it. The holy land of Sushi. I must go back. I must have a Tuna Tower.Yama will always have a special place in my holiday heart since my babe and I decided to have a very Sushi Christmas. It was the perfect storm of a relaxing Christmas Eve. Our server was super nice-laid back but informative, explaining all their house specialties.I'm particularly happy I've found out about Yama since it sustainably sources their seafood. (like Bamboo sushi..but sssh-this place is better)Accompanied by our favorite bottle of sake, we feasted like kings..A couple of stand outs-Crazy Monkey-spicy tuna and salmon with pickled jalapenoKobe Roll- surprisingly delicious. Kobe beef with spicy tuna and seared avocadoTUNA TOWER!! a medley of assorted beings of the sea stacked together in perfect harmony.My new sushi home and welcome to it.ps. also, they have a large selection of Sake and have tastings every Thursday night.
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,2/13/2013,61,115,10,15,10>I'm over tofu. I've been vegetarian/vegan for too long and I just can't get excited about tofu anymore. Whenever I go to Thai food restaurants (daily in my head, twice a week in reality) I order my dishes with just veggies sans tofu. It's quite delicious that way but every once in a while I crave something meaty that didn't bleed or suffer. Enter Thai Food Cafe. They have a whole vegan menu with faux meats that totally satisfy my craving. The staff is really great about knowing how to veganize dishes, which is not always the case at Thai restaurants. I go to Thai Food Cafe frequently but find it hard to stray from my two staples: chicken fried rice and the Thai noodle soup. I call their noodle soup Thai pho. So effing good. Truth be told, I normally order both of these dishes at the same time so I can have leftovers. And by "leftovers" I mean I'll probably finish it in the car on the way home. So effing good. Most days when you visit you can expect to see one or both of the owners. They are both incredibly nice and always happy to accommodate your needs. Vegan? Spicy?  More chilies? To-go? They've got you. I love Thai Food Cafe so much I sometimes pop in just to get a Thai iced tea with coconut milk; it's my favorite one in town. They do offer a lunch menu with smaller portions and discounted prices, which makes it even easier to justify ordering multiple entrees. You know, for the leftovers. There are only two Thai restaurants in town (that I know of) rocking the faux meats (Vege Thai being the other one) and I am happy to support both of these businesses as often as possible. You put two of my favorite words on one menu, 'vegan' and 'Thai', and you will get my money on a regular basis. I'll probably even get multiple entrees even when by myself. You know, for the leftovers.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2012,2/11/2013,113,92,6,13,11>In my ongoing quest for someone to tame my crazy hair I have read about The Modern Man.  But it was waaay up north on Alberta and I just couldn't bring myself to make an appointment and then get in the beat up ol' pickup and drive that far north for a haircut.  After all, I am a guy, a modern guy, but a guy none the less.  I don't necessarily want to have to schedule an appointment weeks in advance, clear my calendar and then spend an hour or so getting to the place, waiting around and I don't need the whole spa experience.Imagine my surprise when we were headed to work down upper Hawthorne after dropping off Riley the uber-spoiled wonder mutt for his semi-monthly doggie day care visit and what do my eyes spy from under my over grown mop?  A new Modern Man shop on SE 46th and Hawthorne.  I stared in amazement, could this be the same haven of manliness that I have read about?  The mythical place that serves high end whiskey and beer and has people that truly like to cut men's hair?  People who might actually enjoy giving some advice and helping me maintain my rugged good looks?  It can't be, can it?  I quickly hopped on TheBudPhone to check out the website and found that it was all true, The Modern Man has branched out to South East Portland! Could this even get any better?  Well, yes it could, their website is fully mobile enabled!  It was so easy to grab an appointment right on my phone, without even calling anyone, that I violated my rule of not making appointments for a simple cut and grabbed a 6:00pm slot.  I could even pick my barber and see their open times and put in any special requests.  Not knowing anyone there yet I selected no preference and rolled the dice on who was going to attack the brown mop.On to my visit, I got to the shop a little early, the place is like walking into an old friends den.  The space is awesome, a big fire in the fireplace, overstuffed leather chairs, dark wood and even an old style shoe shine stand, it just oozes testosterone.  I bellied up to the bar, they checked me in and offered me a nice pour of my favorite imbibement, Bourbon!  And not just any rot gut, they have a selection of probably 40 different whiskeys.  I selected one of my favorites, Jefferson Small Batch on the rocks.  It was served perfectly on a couple of ice cubes.  My Barber, David, came over and introduced himself and invited me to join him at his station at my convenience.  My only special request was: "Help!  I have some big meetings next week that may completely change my career, I need to look professional but up to date and modern".  David knocked this cut out of the park.  We talked about my hair, how it grows out and when it was last cut and then he picked up his magical scissors and went to work.  I think he did an awesome job and I left with one of the best cuts I have had in recent memory.  A great experience all around, I am really happy to have Modern Man in SE and I will be back.
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,2/10/2013,228,95,5,13,11>I'm pretty sure I've already reviewed the cart (long before any brick and mortar Lardos opened), but the downtown location has such an incredibly different feel to it I found myself wondering if the food would be different, if it would live up to the yumminess at the original cart. It does.First of all I love the new spot. All windows, very open, cool downtown spot to hang out and people-watch while you eat or grab a beer with friends. It doesn't hurt that Ruby Jewel is right across the street for easy ice cream desserting. The guys working there were super nice, no weird attitude (not uncommon in Portland, sadly enough) and went above and beyond to fix a screw up with my order. They didn't screw anything up themselves, the phone number was listed incorrectly so my pre-order went to the wrong Lardo location. I was hurrying to work so they made my order very quickly, threw in fries, and offered me a beer while I was waiting. As for the food itself, delicious! Normally I'd get their Cubano, since I love it from the cart, but because they were new they were still prepping the ham or something and didn't have the Cubano that night. Luckily that forced me to try something new, which ended up being the pork meatball bahn mi sandwich. Oh my sweet angels of taste buds! I don't know how I'll ever eat anything else there. The meatballs were kinda flattened so it seemed more like sausage patties, but no matter what shape they were absolutely wonderful! And they certainly did not skimp on the meat in any way, there was enough that I actually pulled an entire patty/meatball out and enjoyed the lovely seasoned pork sans sandwich. The fries were some of the best fries I've ever had. They were crispy in the right way, but what really made it work was the parmesan and herb seasoning. Whatever they put on it was just enough without being overpowering. Now I can understand how they justify the high price for fries. So if you're downtown I can highly recommend checking out Lardo. Stick to the pork though, that's what they do best.
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,2/9/2013,645,1150,8,17,12>In a concerted effort to break away from our traditional Sunday brunch fare of eggs and hashbrowns etc., we decided to go for Indian cuisine.  So through the usual pouring rain we traversed up Sandy to Namaste, which is located right across from Cameo Cafe.  I don't know what was in this location before Namaste, but on one wall was a huge floor-to-ceiling photo of a 19th century logging operation. We were immediately seated with our own pitcher of ice water.  Off to a good start, I would say!  We opted for the lunch buffet ($9.50).As we sat down, we heard a loud pulsating beep emanating from throughout the restaurant.  We thought it was a fire alarm or drill.  But no, what was really happening is that somehow someway, the National Weather Service had pushed a global warning to everybody's cell phone (including mine) warning of an impending blizzard.  The message probably should have been refined to say the blizzard was just going to be in the Cascades.Both JP and I agreed, that by far and away, the best buffet item was the raised Chole Batura bread.  It was like a cross between a steamed bun and some exquisite rolls my mom used to bake on special occasions.  We both had at least three servings of this incredibly divine bread.Also outstanding was the lentil vegetable soup.  Spiced perfectly, I had two helpings.  In fact, this was the best vegetable soup I've ever had.  I also enjoyed the Potato Pakora.  At first glance, these look like French Fries, but are really strips of deep-fried potato and chick pea.  Resting on a bed of grilled onion, the Tandoori chicken was particularly tasty.The primary reason I have not been a consumer of Indian food here-to-now is that I have perceived that most Indian food is jammed with cilantro.  Not so at Namaste.  And actually, dishes here are, for the most part, seasoned mildly.For desserts, I recommend the fruit custard and the soft-serve mango ice cream.  I also discovered I have a fondness for Suji Halwa  - which are paralleliped-shaped treats made from flour, cashews and almonds.  The Suji Halwa has a texture resembling cake.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,2/8/2013,434,336,11,15,12>OK, time to update my review. This is our favorite neighborhood watering hole. The servers all know us by name, and have a drink ready for us when we sit down. It gets busy, so yeah, sometimes it takes a few minutes to get another drink. That's the way it goes folks. The menu is pretty varied. I usually just drink, but the fish & chips aren't bad. I really wish that they had nachos on the menu. My experience here would be complete :)  They have a weekend brunch. There is never a wait for a table, and the prices are very reasonable. I like the salmon Benedict and their waffles. Of course there are always bloodies & mimosa's flowing freely.The music is usually good. Several of the bartenders are also DJ's & musicians, so it's better than the average bar playing a preset station. Mostly regulars during the weekdays. Weekends you get varied crowd naturally. Usually some good eye candy if that kind of thing matters to you.
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,1/25/2012,120,167,9,9,11>Where to start?  I live downtown, so TriMet surrounds me.  (In a good way, not like an invading army.)I can take the streetcar to Trader Vics, or a lot of other places in the Pearl District.  (But I can't take it home if I stay too late because they stop running so early.)Best of all, I can take the Max to/from work, if I time it right. ALL FOR FREE!  Free is good.  I love the free zone.  Especially when it saves me 15 blocks in the cold and/or rain, or I'm just tired and lazy.  (If the weather isn't too terrible, and the wait time is, I'll just walk.)Oh!  There are screens at the stops, that tell me how long I'll have to wait, so I can make an informed decision on the walk vs. lazy issue.  How awesome is that?  Other places, you have to guess.  And that's no fun.  Especially if you are trying to get to work on a cold morning.I love that the trains are quiet.  (Unlike the screech and sparks of the Chicago El.)  I love that the trains are clean and that people generally don't bother you.  (Unlike Atlanta's MARTA.) I'm gonna be bold and say it - TriMet rivals some European train systems.  (Some of them, not all.)I dig it.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,1/23/2012,123,89,27,12,14>Great bar, or greatest bar? Maybe it's my blue collar roots and semi-functional alcoholism, but the staff and regular clientele at Slim's always made me feel relaxed and welcome after a long day at work. They're open every second you can legally sell alcohol in the state of Oregon, which can come in handy if you have, "Drinking hobo whiskey and seasoning biscuits and gravy with my rage tears at 7:30am," on your bucket list. And who doesn't. For those of you who rag on the dowdy decor, clearly you did not get the memo that "1980's Bachelor Basement Chic" is basically the most cutting edge thing in interior design right now. So you may be asking yourself, "Why would I want to hang out next to that vomit stain when I could just drink at home?" Well, does your prefab condo have every liquor from barrel gin to cotton candy vodka? A deep fryer? Air conditioning? Okay, maybe you have air conditioning, but you definitely don't have video poker machines. Or a staff of bartenders and cooks who cater to your every boozey whim? I didn't think so. Now go order me a felafel sandwich and ask the bartender to put on some cartoons.
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,1/22/2012,376,599,28,23,22>Here's the rundown of things an active consumer can pick up on 82nd Avenue:- Used cars- The # 72 TriMet- Hos- The itchies, from either or all of the above items- Asian foodI won't go so far as to say that all of the Asian cuisine on 82nd will give you the itchies, too. It varies by place, cooks, and your own constitution, I would guess. But I am sure that I've lived a scant five minutes by car from the Avenue of Roses for a few years, and I only recently became enlightened about the awesome sauce that is Baiyok Thai on 82nd between Burnside and Glisan. I'm also sure that I'm a moron for having ignored Baiyok all that time. You would be equally an idiot to pass it by if you love curry on the tongue-tingling side, cashew tofu you'll want to lap up like soup on a chilly Sunday evening, actual Tom Yum soup that makes for a hearty meal on its own, and pad kee mao that could very well best the noodles at Cha Ba Thai. That's right. Baiyok might be better than Cha Ba Thai, and in this city, that's like saying there's a better independent book seller than Powell's. This sure became a handy "Come to Portland, eat the food, see the sights, don't catch the itchies" advertisement. The only thing that keeps me from making a definitive yea or nay statement is that I've never dined in at Baiyok, the whole five-minutes-away convenience and the NFL Sunday Ticket being what they are. The experience appears to be a cozy affair, one of those restaurants in a converted house that seats maybe 25 total. It's never been packed. The uninitiated probably can't tell it's a functional restaurant from the street. Or they're too busy getting handjobs from working floozies in used Subarus to care. Don't be like them.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,1/21/2012,108,393,5,22,14>Here is the thing. I went to The  Cat Adoption Team places, went to the Oregon Humane Society, checked out some Petco's or Petsmarts. I heard that the Multnomah County Animal Shelter was the most hard up, and it is. It's depressing. It's not nearly as nice as the other shelters, but I get the feeling they don't get nearly as much funding. With that being said, the staff was outstanding, the cat's seemed really taken care of, and most importantly we got a 5 year old long haired Tabby (Winnie) for $15 and with a cat food donation. She was spayed, had all her shots, came with a micro chip and license, and a free first vet visit.The volunteers do a wonderful job  and  it was the best $15 dollars I have ever spent. She is a wonderful cat and a great match. I know it's not the ritziest shelter, but cats and dogs don't get a choice as to where they end up.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,1/20/2012,170,145,5,14,16>Genoa is easily one of the most incredible meals I've ever had in my entire life. In fact, it's more than just a meal. it's an entire dining experience.I can only afford to go to restaurants like this maybe once a year, and it almost always lands on Orianne G's birthday (she's has classy taste, what can I say). Last year we hit the now defunct Alba Osteria, and this year we decided to hit Genoa.The interior of the place is gorgeous. It's classy, chic, and warming while still staying totally unpretentious. When I first walked in, the host said "You must be Matt", and I thought to myself "this is how all restaurants of this caliber should be".When we were seated, Orianne G. and I started with the Brut Rosé per the waiter's recommendation. It was an all pinot sparkling rosé from northern Italy and was the perfect way to cleanse the palate for this meal; nice and refreshing, not too bold, and perfectly balanced.I'm not going to go through every course that we had since there were 6 total (the chef added a bonus course that night), but I'll go through the highlights. I opted for the vegetarian menu, so my main course was the Morello ripieno e crespelle: a giant morel mushroom stuffed with a purée of fava beans, parmesan and butter and served with crêpe stuffed with caramelized onions and cherry tomatoes. This was absolutely mind blowing. It had to be the largest morel mushroom I've ever seen in my life and the flavor wasn't compromised one bit. The dish was incredibly rich and the richness of the morel was perfectly complimented by the soft crepe, onions and tangy tomatoes.Another course I especially enjoyed was the Agnolotti di piselli: tiny house made ravioli stuffed with mascarpone, ricotta and peas with wilted pea tendrils and pea broth. I don't know why they call it a pea broth because it was more of a rich pea sauce, but it was also absolute perfection. While this sounds like a pretty rich and heavy pasta dish, it was surprisingly refreshing and the small portion was just the right amount; especially because I was having it before the morel.Again, just because these two courses were the highlights doesn't mean that I enjoyed the other courses any less....and of course, how could I forget to mention the phenomenal service. I realize that you get what you pay for at these places, but this service was some of the best I have ever experienced. The servers were all funny, personable, and attentive without being too clingy. You could tell that all of the servers were extremely passionate about the food they were serving and their recommendations for wine and dishes were spot on. I just wish I could afford to eat at this place more often. Orianne G's next birthday can't come soon enough because I think we might end up heading back...
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,1/19/2012,207,465,7,10,7>Anyone remember those old beer commercials with the old due & the sour beer face? (Or maybe it was bitter beer, whatevs). That's the image that popped into my brain when I heard about this Sour Beer trend. Long story long, I tried their Razzberry Wheat at the Brewer's Fest & had to have more. MORE! So I found their barrel house and off we went. We walked in and I looked up and I'm sure my face was briefly like so: O_O as in...THIS IS A SOUR BEER PLACE. I'd been to excited about more RazzWheat to ya know, pay attention. We sit down & our waiter zips up, explains some of the beer available with great detail and leaves us to gander at our options. Of COURSE I got the Razzberry but as we sat their and sipped this tasty, tasty, tasty...tasty....tasty...beer I looked closer at the list and opted for a few tasters.We went with the Apple Pie, Apricot and the two live from the barrel - which are sadly escaping my brain but DANGTHEYWERESTRONG. One definitely had the word Scotch or Scottish in it :) I loved the Apple Pie, not too sour and not too sweet with the perfect taste of apple. The Apricot definitely served up a sour ending but was good delish too. I recommend the tasters if you haven't tried any of these beers before committing to a whole glass & the servers are super knowledgeable. Most of these beers surely pack a high ACV too.  Layout is simple and clean with plenty of street parking (when we were there anyway). We'll be back!
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2011,1/18/2012,121,1306,9,14,14>There are some delicious drinks to be had in this chilled out space. Since one of the owners is a bartender, you can expect simply delicious drinks that come complete with fresh squeezed juices. This isn't your crappy plastic bottle well booze either. There is a time and a place (like being 21 and at the Tube...) for that kind of thing, and it's not here. Get the made to order sangria. The secret ingredient is cherry cider, and damn it if it doesn't go down smooth.Booths and bar stools on the inside. Picnic tables on the outside. A couple pinball tables if that's your thing. It's simple and clean and awesome. The food menu is also simple and delicious. Get a chili cheese burger [sans the cheese if you're me]. It's a great burger, smothered in a mount of chili. You will make a mess, and messes never tasted so good.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,1/17/2012,320,479,6,11,11>Each week Reuel at Urban Wine Works presents a unique wine flight of five different wines along with a complimentary and complementary cheese plate for a modest $15.00.  Check the website for dates and flight information.Last week, the featured wines were from Spain.  Since our area of Oregon is a Pinot Noir Mecca, which is not really my favorite, I jumped at the chance to try some Spanish wines.  This wine tasting affair was cleverly named the "Spanish Inhibition" under Yelp events.I was over the moon for the first wine, a Vega Montan 2008 Bierzo Mencia, and ended up bringing a bottle home with me for a mere $11.00.  This wine is smooth, full and very easy to drink.  Not as dry as some of the wines that followed.  I happen to appreciate the dryer wines as well but my pal Jenni-Pants T., her sensitive little palette wasn't as enthusiastic about the dryer wines.Urban Wine Works boutique and tasting room is set up as a bar with stools but also has a cozy little back room with tables if you are looking for a more clandestine environment for your wine tasting pleasure.  I am particularly interested in French wines and will be on the lookout for what Reuel has up his sleeve.Maybe he can call the French wine tasting event "Let them Drink Wine!"
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,1/16/2012,273,418,11,12,14>Screen Door, one of the few places in the world where I will wait over an hour with a smile on my face.Why?People: everyone here takes pride in their work and it freakin' shows.  The apathetic "I don't care", "what do you want", eye-rolling service Portland is know for is NOT PRESENT here.  These people seem HAPPY to be alive and to serve you some delicious food.  I've been here probably 30-40 times, on my SECOND visit the hostess knew me by name, seriously impressive.  I often sit at the bar and talk chat with tourists or occasional visitors to Portland that always make it a point to stop-in.  Oh, and everyone waiting to eat here seems to be in high spirits too, rain or shine.Quality & Portions: You CAN have them both. This place proves you can have world-class food without having to sacrifice it to the altar of portion size.  Awesome quality and awesome portions go hand-in-hand here, unlike most highly-regarded Portland institutions (you know who you are).  Also: many of the ingredients here are organic (if you care deeply about that sort of thing, I'm just noting it because it makes the ingredients more expensive), which I can't say for the "other" places that charge high prices for micro portions.My only complaint is that I'm a brunchaholic and Screendoor only does brunch on weekends.  Now that summer is here I'm climbing almost every weekend.  I guess that keeps eating brunch here "special" though, it's not an everyday thing.You can bet your Oregon-green-heart-encrusted Prius though, if I'm home on a weekend, this is where I'll be.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,1/15/2012,219,427,8,9,11>I often say I'm the lucky one in our relationship to have landed such a fabulous guy, but now I get to say he's the lucky one for landing me. Not only did I bring him here for his bday recently, but I made sure to make reservations well in advance.So... You all know the drill, what do I notice first anywhere I go? Taplist. And it was great, but we couldn't justify paying $6 for a beer. We also weren't in the mood for wine, so we *gasp* went dry and enjoyed more food. If you are into French wine at all, I definitely recommend this place. They boast an impressive wine list that was only confirmed by the table next to us oohing and aahing over all their wine choices. Not joking people, literal oohs and aahs. Almost enough for me to go over and swipe a glass to see what all the fuss was about, but then I remembered I was supposed to be playing the part of a refined lady and I sat back down...Our meal was pretty damn incredible. Every bite. Incredible.We started with their special Foie gras uniquely paired with huckleberries and maple. I didn't think they would be able to top it, until they brought out the next dish, the navarin of lamb with goat cheese gnocchi and carrots. Make that appetizer an entree size and I would eat it every meal of the day. Well maybe I'd have my boyfriend's dish for breakfast. He had the roasted pork shoulder with crispy egg and dijon vinaigrette, it was rich, but in a good way, like winning the food lottery. I had the hanger steak with blue cheese soufflé and sweet and sour shallots, a great combo that was perfectly prepared and melted in my mouth. We paired our meals with the roasted mushrooms and roasted brussel sprouts.  Did we overindulge a bit? You bet we did!  Little Bird is definitely one classy joint and has many delightful little touches like random little birds everywhere. Our server was probably the best trained server I've come across to date in Portland. He could serve the Queen and I'm sure she wouldn't be able to find a fault with him. This is the perfect place to impress a client, have an intimate dinner with friends or woo that special someone. Good thing I have a year to figure out how I'm going to top this...
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,1/1/2014,126,2155,6,13,14>I thought I had written an old review for A Cena but it turns out I never did. So pretend I wrote one roughly 3 years ago gloating about how awesome this place is from food to service. OK now that the idea is in your head, I'm back to write an "update."We live in a city blessed with incredible food and incredible people to prepare it. We're lucky enough to see awesome new restaurants popping up all the time. Unfortunately we also see restaurants that have fallen out of favor board up on a semi-frequent basis. There's an element of new restaurant hype here that moves the long lines from place to place as the years, maybe months, go on. Unfortunately the hype machine doesn't pay much respect to restaurants that have continued doing the quiet work of remaining consistent through exceptional pride and unmatched quality. A Cena fits that description perfectly. Perhaps more than most restaurants in metro area. Roughly six years into its life as a staple of Sellwood dining - and an often desired destination for the rest of us - they're still crafting simple yet extremely flavorful dishes with the utmost care. They still have someone on their staff going into the woods to gather mushrooms, and they're still tending the backyard garden to ensure the plate placed before you is as fresh and delicious as possible.I'm not sure how they do it but I'm glad they still do. Long live A Cena.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,12/31/2013,349,547,6,14,8>The eternal struggle of Thai food--Asian food is often touted as one of the more vegan-friendly cuisines, but there's hidden evils lurking in Thai curries and savory sauces and noodle dishes. Fish sauce! Shrimp paste! Oh, the horror.Friends wanted to go out for Thai food in southwest Portland, and we settled on Kinara. I did all of the required reconnaissance, reviewing the menu online, searching Yelp reviews for any mention of "vegan," tweeting at my favorite Portland vegan blogger for Thai recommendations in SW, and even making that dreaded phone call. (Anyone else with phone anxiety? No?) Happily, the employee who answered the phone wasn't confused by my question at all, and said that many menu items could be veganized,We made our way to the cute restaurant in Goose Hollow. It's a fairly small restaurant with a lovely ambiance. The walls are dark purple, the artwork is tasteful, and service was on point. I asked about a million more questions about vegan options, and finally decided to try my luck with the yellow curry, in my mind, one of the most innocuous Thai curries. The server assured me it would be prepared without any animal ingredients.The portions were generous, and I found my curry to be pretty tasty, if not spicy. I like a yellow curry on a blustery night--the carrots and potatoes it's served with make it a hearty, warming dish. Despite my ample appetite, I ended up with a ton of leftovers, which is always a good night in my books. I'm not sure when next I'll make it back to SW to eat at Kinara again, but I certainly enjoyed my meal here.
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2013,12/30/2013,11,71,15,9,8>Portland, Oregon. Sunday morning. 9:26 AM. A phone rings.Me, voice raspy and very hungover sounding, "what's up dude""Joe"(name changed to protect the foolish) "Oh you know, waiting for our table at -deleted-, what about you?"Me-"At Katie O's""Joe"- Oh cool, how long's the wait there?"Me- "Wait?" What do you mean?""Joe"- Uhh, how long is the wait to get a table?"Me- "There isn't one""Joe"(in surprised voice) "Well that's impossible!, it's Sunday morning, you're lying"Me- Uhh, OK, I can send you a picture if you'd like""Joe"(Skeptical) "What kind of food do they have?" Me- I don't know, like breakfast food. What do you mean what kind?""Joe"- " Like what region is it influenced by. What farm are the eggs from? That kind of stuff?"Me- "Dude. How the fuck should I know where the eggs are from? Probably a a chicken farm. And it's breakfast, breakfast doesn't have a region, IT'S BREAKFAST!":Joe" (in a mortified and condescending voice) "WELL THEN! Enjoy your uncrowded, unhip, dive with all  the old regulars and a bartender who pours your coffee for you instead of serving it yourself! I'll bet all those no-frills delicious breakfasts also keeps the cost of it down as well! Pffft, they probably don't even Tweet!"CLICKSo yeah, don't be "Joe", be me, be awesome, come here instead of -deleted-.
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/29/2013,200,109,15,17,14>Sapphire Hotel had me at hello. Neither Sapphire in color nor an actual hotel, the place's odd moniker and rep for being a smokey, sexy first-date spot (complete with low lighting and strong drinks to help awkward couples break the touch barrier) kept me at bay for far, far too long. Far be it from me to give my gaggle of unruly out-of-town guests, family-friendlies and general hooligans the wrong impression by arranging to meet them for an intimate affair, so Sapphire stayed on my to-visit list for a few years before last Sunday. Casting about for a place to eat before heading out for a movie, I remembered Sapphire and decided to give it a shot sight unseen. It's in that little bend in the road on Hawthorne, so it's a little awkward to get to, but as soon as we stepped through the door I knew I'd found a hidden gem - and fell immediately in love. Dark, richly colored walls adorned with heavy-framed mirrors, a quirky, burlesque-y loft display, candlelight and perfectly perfect mismatched details all add up to far more than the sum of their parts - the place OOZES atmosphere. I wanted to move in right then and there.But then. Oh, then! The drinks came. I ordered hot tea - usually something that gets a sneer at some of Portland's Other Adult Establishments. And yet! Mine came in a cute little pot, with a mug and saucer and spoon and pitcher of milk and assortment of sugar cubes and even the fake sugar I like because I am secretly an old lady. Heart palpitations! And the cocktails! Holy heaven in a cordial cup! The Bijou is my new favorite gin drink - and I do not say that lightly. I'm a self-appointed gin evangelist, and take my gin pretty seriously (and, let's be honest, pretty copiously). From the 99 1/2 at Vintage to my home-concocted Aviations, gin is Serious Business in the Sarah B. household. And the Bijou, my friends, is a transcendental gin beverage. I even took a picture of the menu listing, risking flash-photography embarrassment, so I can attempt to recreate it in the comfort of my own kitchen.I could go on. But we're all pressed for time here, so let me sum up by saying that whatever your boozy fancy, you'll find something that exceeds your expectations here. Try something different and you'll stumble into a new favorite. Let's move on to the digestibles, shall we? We started with dip (artichoke), dates (bacon-wrapped, goat-cheese stuffed), and one helluva cheese plate. ALL FANTASTIC BEYOND MY WILDEST DREAMS. The cheese plate was PERFECT - figs, grapes, bread, and hearty portions of the nommiest cheeses; the artichoke dip was 10x as delicious as any artichoke dip I've ever had (really) and the dates - 'nuff said.Main courses! I had the beet burger - which was a gamble for me, considering I don't like beets. But the quinoa sold me so I took a gamble and won the veggie burger lottery - so. freaking. good! Perfect texture, perfect moisture, perfect flavor, perfect bun, even. It even came with some unexpectedly delightful sweet potato chips on the side. I could barely contain myself - seriously, I kept rhapsodizing between bites until people started looking at me funny.My only regret is my constantly wavering commitment to my girlish figure - it was heartbreaking to have to stay my hand from ordering dessert - everything sounded amazeballs. Next time, Sapphire Hotel. Next time.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,12/28/2013,90,588,5,14,8>This is a review by a vegetarianBeen here 3 times now and each visit has been rock solid pizza and service. $10 for  a quality wood-fired 11" margherita made to order is a fine value. The $5 they charge during the 11a-6p "extended happy hour" is a steal.The style of pie is very similar to Ken's but with a little less oil applied post-oven. Table side condiments include salt, red pepper flakes, and chili oil so you can adjust that yourself.Order at the register as you walk in and take a number to your table.Water is self-serve and en-route to your seatAlso, thank goodness this place has forsworn the trend towards backless hard stools. All seating is either wide bench or good ol' wood chairs with curved backs.Come summer the garage window walls will roll-up and make this an open street scene.
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,12/27/2013,138,174,3,11,7>From the owners that brought you Crazy Sushi, they present to you this nice Japanese izakaya restaurant.  This place has a lot of food photos because their dishes are works of art and taste pretty damn good too!  The first time I came here, I splurged on the $80 7-Course Omakase Dinner for two. If you try this, come hungry and make sure you're not in a rush to go anywhere.  When it started, it looked like there wasn't going to be much food, but I was very full at the end of it.  My first set of photos on Yelp were from the dinner.  I've been back a couple times for lunch and saw they recently got new menus with photos of the food.  The sushi here is just as great as it is at Crazy Sushi, although you'll probably spend more money getting full here than you would at Crazy Sushi.  The service is top notch and the restaurant looks beautiful.  The big negative for me is that they're too far away for me to go more regularly.  Food: 5 Service: 5Ambiance: 5Value: 3TL;DR: Great tapas-style restaurant with excellent sushi
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/26/2013,171,91,1,15,14>I don't like lines, I don't like whiskey, why did I check out this place?  I had to for my husbands birthday.  Well after reading all the reviews  we knew that we had to arrive early  in order to get a seat.  We decided to get there a few minutes before they opened on a Wednesday, Yay! first in line.  (oh!  beware the merchants next door do not want people waiting in front of their store)   We were seated in a beautiful booth and was given a catalog of whiskey's to choose from and a food menu.  Our table ordered a few Old Fashions and I ordered a Gin Fizz, yes they server more than just Whiskey.  The Old Fashions were made table side by our personal bartender  who came to our table with a rolling bar, so cool. Loved it.  My drink was made at the main bar, but my Gin Fizz was super smooth and silky.  My husband told me to try his Old Fashion and I was shocked at how different this tasted compared to others I have sipped in the past.  It had to have been the bartender and the excellent technique and skill that made this Old Fashion taste delicious.  Still not a fan of Whiskey but I did love the experience at the Whiskey Library.
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2013,12/25/2013,108,393,3,6,4>Olympic Provisions is a meat explosion in your face.  I love that they committed to the meat theme with decor and menu. To celebrate my guy's promotion, we made reservations and were seated quickly. The joint was fairly packed for a Tuesday night but our service was perfect, top notch. We both ordered a few drinks (great old fashions!) and the Chefs Choice  charcuterie board. Everything was amazing, minus the lard, neither one of us could stomach it.  Great Capicola..mm. He had the pan roasted  halibut which I had the honor of sampling more than a few times. I had what I think was a meat bowl. Sausage, bratwurst, ham, cabbage, Yukon gold potatoes- divine. It was as if every bite of bratwurst had an explosion of juicy fat pockets. My guy asked how it tasted, and I said "like a foot rub in your mouth".  It was really, really fantastic. We were both blown away by our service as well. Next time we will order a bunch of the small plates-so many great options to choose from and just not enough stomach to handle it.
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/24/2013,223,255,8,7,5>Thursday.5:00pm.Watching people drive by as I sit at the windows. It looks so cold out there. In here there is Warmth, Good food, a Full Bar and The Rolling Stones playing over the speakers. I ordered the Broad Street Bomber. By all the YELP Pics, I felt it was a must  have. Glad I'm a big boy. This sandwich is a monster. Fresh Baguette. Filled with Beef, Peppers, Onions and Cheese. Mm-mm.Gotta stop writing. Must destroy sandwich!Epic Fail or Huge Sandwich.I started out hungry. More so by the time my sandwich came. I dove in to my Broad Street Bomber with gusto. 1/2 way point was a whole new ball game. I tried but could not mentally get my mouth to stop listening to my stomach!My eyes said, "Eat, Eat, Eat".My belly said, Stop it! Belly. You win againThe place is cool in a service industry kind of way.Great Window Seat's and a Friendly staff, Plus a Full Bar make Shut Up And Eat, The Broad Street Bomb!
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2013,12/23/2013,78,333,7,11,9>Giving 5 stars to a courthouse?  What's wrong with me?  I'll preface this by saying my review is for the jury duty aspect of courthouse life, nothing more. Sure, jury duty is inconvenient.  Most people don't really want to be there.  When I was summoned, I groaned. I've served before (in another city), and I wasn't excited for a repeat. I trudged up to the courthouse bright and early with my best "Law and Order" attitude, and was surprised to be greeted by the nicest security staff I've ever encountered.  There was one woman operating the metal detector (which did slow down entry into the building, but whatever) and she was mega friendly.  Not TSA-type stiff and formal - a real person.  Smiling, chatting with everybody, kindly asking folks to remove things they obviously shouldn't be going through a metal detector with without making them feel like total morons. Then you get into the jury room and meet Christine, the jury coordinator.  Also super friendly!  She genuinely thanked us probably 40 times for our attendance and repeatedly acknowledged the fact that we probably wanted to go home and kindly answered some very dumb questions. Very down-to-earth. We got to meet the presiding judge, who also sincerely thanked us for our service.  Then the waiting began....but oooh, they have free Wifi and we can use our phones/laptops while we sit here!  Nice. And wait, they have unlimited free hot cocoa and coffee?!?! Then the cherry on top: they put on "The Blindside" DVD on 4 TVs around the room.  Free cocoa and one of my favorite movies while relaxing in decently comfy chairs instead of being at work, yet still getting paid!?  Can I come back next week?!   I really can't think of a much better way to spend my morning.   I was dismissed before lunch, but we would have got 1 1/2 hour lunch break, which is much longer than I would have got at work.  Jury duty RULES.Thanks Washington County for turning something I was dreading into an enjoyable experience!!  I'm kinda bummed I won't get called again for 2 years.
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,2/26/2009,104,231,14,14,15>It's funny how so many people love to trash on all things French.  What's up with that?  My Mum's British and I still don't get it.  France gave us Camus and Sartre, Matisse, Cézanne, and Gauguin - sure we had to put up with that irritating singing baby in the 80's (I'm sure Jordy was beaten mercilessly as an adolescent), but we also got Bridget Bardot and Audrey Tautou.  And don't forget that without the assistance of the French during the Revolutionary war, the li'l ol' US of A may have never won it's independence!If that doesn't convince you the French are A-OK, then get over to Le Happy stat!  It's a wonderful little bar & creperie set under I-405 on NW 16th and Lovejoy, that makes it easy for Francophobes to get over their hangups.They make great cocktails (when my friend ordered his Bloody Mary spicy, it didn't disappoint!) though by the time I get there I've done about all the drinking I'm interested in, save for that one bottle of PBR that comes with their legendary "Le Trash Blanc" savory crepe (bacon & cheddar, w/PBR for $7.50) - it makes the perfect late night bite, with it's sharp cheesey, salty bacon goodness!They actually have a huge variety of delicious savory crepes, many of which are vegetarian-friendly (though vegans will have to make do with one of the 3-4 meat- and egg-free salads).And the beauty of the crepe is that it is equally well suited to the sweet as to the savory.  My personal favorite is the traditional nutella-banana or if I'm feeling a little extravagant, the Spectac (Grand Marnier, nutella, and banana flambé).I've always had fast, attentive service here - though it is a tiny space, and if it's crowded then expect a bit of a wait.  The last time we went the bartender/server was this clean-cut, nerdy looking guy (I'm down with nerds) who was very inviting, and did a bang up job getting our drinks and crepes to us superfast.  The complimentary Dum-dums lollipops with the bill are a cute touch.So even if you think the only thing "French" you respect is a fried potato stick, give this place a try and I guarantee you'll be saying, "Viva Le Happy!"
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2008,2/25/2009,152,351,25,14,20>You know how I know Catalina's is good? I'll tell you how. It's Saturday mid-day and I'm still in bed, suffering from a perverse social experiment involving Jameson and Dr. Pepper. Pulled over my face, the thin blue blanket is a poor shield against noise, light, and the accusing Monkey thoroughly smelling some other cat on my skin. Ooof.A shadow passes nearby, carrying the fragrance of meat and salt and tomatoes. One peek reveals a figure dancing in black and white, a life-sized Day of the Dead puppet. This is a weird hallucination. But no. It's Margo. With a taco."Do you want a taco?!" As I lay dying, Margo and Darrell had been moving their stuff from my basement into a truck bound for their new apartment, and lunch turned out to be takeout from Catalina's. Against my better judgment, I ate a taco. Damn, it was good. Then I felt better.Then we danced a little. Me and Margo and the magic taco.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,2/24/2009,74,37,15,15,13>You know it's a freaking delicious sandwich when it makes the roof of your mouth hurt oh-so-good.I forget who introduced me to bahn mi, but my god, remind me to give them a big ole kiss the next time we run into each other, okay? Oh so spicy, oh so simple. It often leaves me wondering if I can just get jars of the pickled radish and just snack on them all day long... although that might make the entire sandwich eating experience less special, and I reallllly wouldn't want to do that. The super-skinny baguettes are clearly fresh baked and are filled with delectable meats, although they offer veggie versions as well. Also, you've gotta try the Mr. Brown canned cafe sua da and you really outta steer clear of the artichoke drink. For real, trust me on both accounts. If I could underline that, I would.There's just something so classic about walking out of there with a bagful of mini baguettes that fill your car up with the wonderful smells of fresh bread, bbq meats, and bright cilantro. Sure, it ain't glamorous, and the last time I went there, it was still cash only. So bring some cash and load up on these super cheap puppies. Perhaps one of only a few good things that came of the French colonization of Vietnam...
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,2/23/2009,93,278,5,12,12>Like, perfect.Really, that's Ms. A's description.  We stopped on our bikes, looking for a little dessert before catching a French movie at the Clinton St.  And although technically this isn't a dessert spot, one mention of a Nutella banana crepe and she gave me that look that says 'We ain't leavin'."It was a Sunday night and pretty quiet so we got fantastic -- make that perfect -- service.  Neither obsequious nor haughty.  Just friendly and just right.  It didn't hurt that the folks working there are pretty easy on the eyes.  "Just stepping in the door must make everybody more glamorous," Ms A said.  And it did seem that the place imparted a little Left Bank sparkle to customers as well as staff.We had a nice table for two on the sidewalk and shared the aforementioned crepe, which by the way arrived in mere minutes.  Ms. A paired hers with an excellent cognac-based aperitif.  I had a Pilsner Urquell, from a bottle.The pleasant ambiance and free wi-fi made me consider trying to work from here sometime, but the array of fascinating publications on the wall would probably mean I wouldn't get a lick o' work done.  Best to keep business and pleasure a little further apart, maybe.As far as pleasure goes, the Press Club is on a collision course with Perfect.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,2/22/2009,61,77,18,17,17>to quote a really awful pop song featuring timbaland: "ain't got no money, ain't got no car to take you on a date..."yeah dawg, that's what visiting family/friends are for!! i love sushi, and  yes i would rather pay more for melt-in-your-mouth nigiri than be cheap and have tough chewy fish. mmmmmk?now, there are places in portland where you can get damn good sushi without breaking the bank, but i don't feel ready to broadcast it to the world (the wait for these places says enough people already know- sorrrrrry!).masu is great for an evening out- the interior is pretty swanky and hip without being uncomfortable, and it's fun to dress up and have nights like this, right?! also, they have an amazing cocktail menu!the group i went with was pretty big, and we all shared a bunch of rolls. the table's favorite would have to be the japanista roll: spicy crab, spicy tuna and kawaire with seared hamachi,cilantro and red jalapeno on top served with our hana and sweet chili sauce. ohmygod it was delectable. i mean really melt in your mouth fresh fish. it had borderline perfect combination of flavors- the spicy, the sweet, the savory: the yummy.all of the rolls we tried were great- but the japanista- so good that i even remember what it's called and what the ingredients are! GO GET SOME!you will have happy dancing tastebuds and you will look like this:   :D
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/13/2008,2/21/2009,59,47,25,16,16>Dear Cupcake Jones,Please let me start this by letting you know "it's not you, it's me."  I used to have this big old mint green rotary dial phone.  I needed an adapter to even in plug it into the phone jack.  When it rang it scared the crap out of me and probably woke the neighbors as well.  Why did I keep it?  Because it was the only thing in the house that was heavy enough kill an intruder with if need be.  Until I brought home one of your cupcakes.Why are they so heavy?  Why?  I just don't understand.  The flavor is fabulous.  Especially your gingerbread.  But some of the things you create are just a little bit hard to swallow.  That is not good in a cupcake.  The people with whom you staff your shop are very nice.  That is why I have stuck around this long, when I should have left long ago.  That is why you get three stars.  Creativity, niceness and flavor.  But please work on the texture.  If you do that, then maybe we can revisit this relationship in the future.  Take care,Meghann M.
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2008,2/19/2009,25,121,13,15,12>To finish off what I'm pretty sure was the worst week ever, my cat fell off my 4th floor window sill.  I'm really not sure how it happened.  One second she was sitting there, the next she wasn't  There was a pause, and then the dreaded "splat".  When I got outside and picked her up her poor little kitty leg just hung there, swaying as I carried her inside.  I took her to Dove Lewis that night for pain meds, where they suggested I take her to my "regular vet" for treatment.  Wait, you're supposed to have a regular vet?  Apparently you're also supposed to name your cat.  And not let her play on window ledges.  Oops.  After some yelping and googling I called here first thing the next morning and they were able to get me in right away.  The girls working in the front were really friendly and didn't judge me too badly for the aforementioned failures as a kitty momma (although all the paperwork I signed listed her name as "kitty (doesn't have a name)," that hurt).  Dr. Gowing checked her out right away and concluded that she needed surgery (which is the same thing Dove Lewis and every other vet I called said) and that the other vet, Dr. Schuler was able to perform it, but not until later in the week.  So cat stayed at the vet for a few days.  The doctors called me at least once a day to give me updates on her and reassure me she would be ok, and let me visit her as much as I wanted.She left the vet with a metal rod through her bone, and one on the outside.  Pretty freaky looking, but she could walk around a bit immediately after surgery.  Now, several weeks later, she's up, running, jumping (don't tell the vet, she's supposed to be confined) and pretty much back to normal.  She's been going in for check-ins every 2 weeks (included in the price of the surgery) and the doctor said she looks great and will get all her hardware off next week.One thing I thought was weird was that they required me to put down a deposit for the surgery so that the doctor could buy the necessary instruments, shouldn't he have already had them?  In any case, the price, though ridiculously expensive, was in line with all the other places I called.As my first vet experience I don't have anything to compare to, but the people are really nice and remember me and my poor little cat every time we go in.  Dr. Schuler did a great job on the surgery, and I thought it was nice that they made the effort to keep me updated on her condition while she stayed with them.  The only thing preventing the fifth star is the price.  From what I've heard it's not any higher than other vets, but I just can't justify giving 5 stars to a place that took so much of my money.
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,2/18/2009,171,101,21,23,21>There are certain restaurants that talk a big game.  You know the ones. Every Yelper has been Yelpin in their damn pants about these spots. And it's hard to live up to that kinda hype. My problem with Habibi has always been one simple thing. Whenever I want to go, they are CLOSED. Not their fault. It's mine. It's like when you consistently crave a food only on Sunday's and that happens to be the only day you cannot get said food. Horribleness. Just plain bad timing.Imagine my surprise and exuberant delight to find all the lights glowing on those pretty kitchy chandeliers, and an open sign smiling back at me. HUZZAH! great success.So this restaurant is my Chuck E. Cheese. It is absolutely so happy and clean and cool. Bottles upon bottles of Hot Lips sodas line the walls of shelves. Wine bottles too. Filling the shelves instead of books. Over the loud speakers pumps out the new Britney Spears album, which would normally annoy but in this setting it almost seems joyful, dorky and perfect. I bop my head along and I wait for my Lamb Schwarma sandwich with patience. When it arrives via the super nice and constantly smiling dude, it looks amazing. I almost need a minute to appreciate just HOW good it looks before I can bite it. And I do.  And they flavors hit me. Hard. This amazing and beautiful combination of spicy juicy pipping hot lamb meat, drenched in THE BEST Tzatziki sauce that you are gonna find, and fresh tomatoes and lettuce wrapped in warm garlicy pita. Oh my GOD. Is this love? YES. Yes it is.And it came with a really yummy salad of mixed greens and amazingly awesome killer hummus. AMAZING. We got an extra plate of Tzatziki and pita. I couldn't decide which was better; The Hummus or The Tzatziki. Seriously it's a toss up, because they are both SO DAMN GOOD.So in the end. I love this place. I love almost everything about it. The only thing I don't love about this place, is that I'm not there more often. I've died and gone to food heaven. And I will be back. Especially for my birthday. Though, it's not quite as good as a creepy singing dancing mouse from Chuck E Cheese....but it's damn close.
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2009,2/17/2009,109,170,20,21,16>While lamenting our inability to find "just the right bar" in downtown, my friend and fellow drinking pioneer Joe and I were given a tip by the helpful bartender at Sushi Land: the Tug Boat.  We were already fairly buzzed at the time, but decided to head on over once she mentioned that there were board games and such on hand.Woot!  "Try the chocolate stout!" she called after us as we were leaving.So we walked/stumbled/smoked our way down Burnside and eventually to Ankeny, where we found this little place tucked out of the way, a small sign indicating that we had not lost our admittedly weak bearings.  Upon entry, I was pretty well floored.  I felt as though we had just entered a David Lynch film; all of the normal "bar-ish" elements were in place, but some things were just a bit surreal (in a good way!)  Maybe it was the bookshelves, laden with random tomes and (of course) games, or the scattered people, some dressed a bit too well to be sitting in a brew pub.  (To the nines would be most accurate...)  I don't know...it gave the whole scene an almost ethereal quality which amused me greatly.So, Joe and  I played a few games of Upwards, had a few rounds of chocolate stout, (worth the trip alone!  This is an amazing brew!) kicked back and just enjoyed the evening.  For some reason, I just wanted to go up and play the piano they have sitting out (I can't play, though, so I'm glad I refrained) but it just seems so inviting!Anyway...This is a really chill place, and well worth spending a nice quiet yet fun evening.  The only reason I am not 5ing this place is for the limited hours that it is open (til12 or 1...not really a weekend hang-out...) and the fact that it is cash only.  Otherwise, give it a shot!  I can honestly say that there's nowhere else in town quite like it!...you know...that I know of...
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,2/16/2009,88,151,5,27,17>I won't forget the day Maddie passed away. I had my puppy for 16 out of the 20 years of my life (she passed before my 21st birthday). I literally grew up with her.She survived jumping out of cars in Seattle, almost got lost on several trips, hit by trucks... but near the end the thing that got her was an enlarged heart. My family was in utter shock and grieve mode when we found DPS. We were fit in immediately, but we chose to bring her in ourselves.Once we got there, completely in tears, shock and grieving the front person completely understood. We had her limp body wrapped in a blanket, and we were led back to the grieving room. We were able to sit with a counselor, say our final goodbyes and passed the blanket and all to the counselor.Each individual body is cremated in their own box, no ashes mixed. We received the similar flower box, as I am still needing to head up North where I grew up with her to sprinkle her ashes.They even washed the blanket she was wrapped in and returned it to us. Maddie is in my thoughts every day, but being taken care of so gently touches my heart. Thank you DPS.
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2010,4/20/2010,194,499,11,15,9>So, let's get the Goober take on this joint.SO doesn't eat Indian food because he doesn't like curry.The clunk you just heard was my jaw hitting the floor. This is a man that lives for Thai curry and would eat attractive wallpaper if it has food in the pattern. I think out loud "You have not had Indian food at least in the seven years that you and I have been holding hands", and "What the hell do you know about Indian curries, anyway, you freak?" But we get into these sorts of little discussions and I will spare you, dear readers, from listening to our petty squabbles.So, go figure, he is the one that suggested this place! OK, so we don't know nothing about no stinking Indian food, north or south--which they claim to have; this should be interesting. We got in at 11:30ish for the lunch buffet-deal-y, which is the time to hit this as it is real popular and all the geeky business wonks hit it at noon. We got the first scoop of everything, literally.Now I am assuming that I am writing this for fellow Goobers or closeted Goobers that dress better than the average Goober but deep down don't know anything about this cuisine: Just go for lunch, don't read the labels and eat a little of everything. I did not try anything that was not wonderful and I ate a little or a lot of everything. OK, the goat was a little tough, but then what the hell do I know about what goat texture should be anyway? The stuff that I do know something about was a little disappointing--go figure; the tandoori chicken was a little dry and not as flavorful as others that I have had. The naan lives on a steam table so it isn't as nanish as it should be. But this is minor quibbling in my book.All the rest of it was absolutely a party in your mouth! It's like the Main Street Electrical Parade just going to town as you chew, let me tell you!For the sophisticated Yelp reader that probably wouldn't be caught dead reading my reviews, just roll your eyes and ignore me, but for the rest of you:Cheap! Wonderful food!Go!Someone figure out what is in the little potpourri dish at the cash register that people scoop out and eat. I got too nervous to try that.But we will be back...
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,4/19/2010,118,97,9,17,11>I'm always slightly suspicious of Asian restaurants lacking in Asian staff, and am happy to say that I was completely wrong.Everything I tried had a depth of flavor that comes only from food made from scratch, with passion.The Roast Pork Ramen was simply perfection: as proudly confirmed by the cashier, the broth is made from scratch with a generous portion of fresh noodles.  This was not the typical mystery bomb of MSG, Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein and other multisyllabic additives that would make your grandmother (Asian or not) cringe.  Nor was it cheapened by a palate-nuking portion of salt, or some lurid food coloring.  A richly flavored broth, accompanied by slices of unctuous roast pork, a wholesome whole hard boiled egg, roasted garlic, slices of rice cake and garnished with green peppers.  Fight your instincts against paying $8 for "just ramen", for this is not just ramen.Pork Balls, hot napa cabbage, and chicken Gyoza, and the Cold Bay Oyster special were also delicious.At first glance, the prices may seem slightly on the high side, but portions are generously sized, with two people getting a "tasting menu" experience for a very reasonable cost.  It was my first (and only) meal of the day, and at $26, was stuffed senseless.If you've wondered what Asian food made with love tastes like, it would be this.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2009,4/18/2010,252,87,10,8,8>I like to think of the lunch hour as an opportunity to "eat light" so that I can splurge my daily calories on dinner.  This place breaks my mid-day calorie bank, and I love it!  If you're not looking you'll probably miss this little hole in the wall, only noticeable by the constant line out the door from 11-3pm.Juicy, greasy sandwiches make my arteries weep.  Served up toasty with kettle chips and a pickle...mmm.  Mexican cokes, made with cane sugar, the best!I would call for to-go sandwiches if you are in a rush, although you still have to wait in line to get 'em.  Not much seating in the place, maybe 20 booties can fit.  If I keep eating lunch here, I might have enough bunk in my trunk to take up 2 seats, watch out!
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,4/17/2010,73,142,4,8,7>After having a contractor look at my duct work in order to provide a quote for duct sealing and duct insulation.  He couldn't do the test that would validate the measure for the EnergyTrust and Department of Energy credits and he explained why he didn't believe in the process.  Realizing that I could do it all myself for a tenth of the cost even with the credits I decided to go out to the only place I knew about to get the materials and that place was Vinje & Son. I will be heading back when I get to the projects where I need some custom ductwork or at least the parts for me to assemble. That's one of the benefits of going to Vinje & Son, you get the advice on doing a project yourself or they can help you out a little more.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,4/16/2010,17,59,6,10,9>I was terribly excited when I heard about Foster Burger because it's in my neighborhood. I liked Cava when it was there but honestly, for a girl that dines out alone, Foster Burger is more my kind of place. I got there about fifteen minutes after they opened and didn't have to wait for a seat. When I was leaving, not even an hour later, there was already a crowd waiting. I thought the atmosphere was nice, not too distracting but simple and warm lighting, a nice relax feel. I ordered the Foster burger with bacon added. I was excited to try the fries since they are one of my favorite things to eat. I also ordered the deep fried avocado with endive kimchi and green goddess dressing. The avocado was fantastic! I've never had deep fried avocado so I wasn't sure what to expect, but deep fried can't be all that bad, right? It had just right amount to crunch but you could still see it was an avocado and the kimchi had the right amount of spice and tang. The dressing made it all come together. It made me want to put it on my burger because I loved the combo of the flavors. My burger was done medium well (yes!) and I was very happy with the bun. It was nice and soft but had a lot of give but didn't fall apart in my hands. The house pickles on the burger gave it a nice brightness among all the juicy meat and bitey onion. The fries were perfect! You could tell they were hand cut and they were fried just right, not too greasy or too crunchy. I love that they're seasoned with salt AND pepper. I usually have to add my own pepper but by the time I do, the oil is already cooled and it doesn't stick. Anyways, overall, I can't wait to go back and try the Black and White Fries, a milkshake and one of the other burgers. I'll just make sure I go to the gym before heading to Foster Burger so I can have no guilty feelings for being such a glutton!
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,4/15/2010,118,219,7,14,13>When I first heard about Pok Pok, I was skeptical. I mean, how well can a Caucasian man make Northern Thai food? So what if Andy Ricker is one of this year's James Beard Award nominee? So what if Pok Pok was named the Oregonian's Restaurant of the Year in 2007? How authentic can the food really be?Well, my parents lived in a small rural town outside of Chiang Rai for over 10 years before immigrating to the United States so I grew up on Northern Thai/Lao food. And let me tell you... the food at Pok Pok is pretty close to my daddy's (my daddy is the better cook, not my momma). They even use stainless steel soup spoons... just like home!The food:1)Kao Soi. This is the Thai version of Kao Soi with curry, coconut milk and yellow noodles, which is different from the Lao Version of Kao Soi that I'm used to with white noodle and a tomato based broth. But I've had this version of Kao Soi before and it's the best so far. It had a perfect amount of curry and coconut milk in the broth and it wasn't too thick and heavy.2)Papaya salad: Spicy and sour, not too much sugar, just like how its supposed to be!3) Fish Sauce Wings: Delicious and crispy. The glaze isn't overly sweet and goes perfectly with sticky rice. It really reminds me of my daddy's chicken wings. And don't be afraid to get down and dirty and use your hands because it's finger licking good.4) Kai Yaang Chicken: Perfectly cooked chicken. It's not as flavorful as the Fish Sauce wings, but it's the simplicity of the dish that makes the chicken stand out. But it comes with a great sweet chili dipping sauce. This is another dish that goes really well with sticky rice and you'll want to eat it with your hands. 5) Pad seew: Average6) Yam Wun Sen. MY FAVORITE BECAUSE IT TASTES JUST LIKE MY DADDY'S. It's a clear noodle salad that's sour and has minced pork, dried shrimp and fried garlic. It's such a refreshing salad... perfect for a hangover, a warm day, or just about any occasion. It was so good that I wanted to lick the plate clean.We also had their Bloody Mary and their Tamarind Whiskey Sour, both are great cocktails that I would definitely order again. For dessert we had fried bread (the kind you dip in your rice porridge at Chinese restaurants) that we dip in ice cream with espresso. It was delicioso! The salty, oily, warm bread is a great compliment to the ice cream. Also, I really liked their outdoor eating area because it reminds me of a food stand at a night bazaar in Chiang Mai, which definitely feeds into the authenticity of the restaurant.Although the portions are not huge, it's still a really good deal for the quality of the food. For a party of 4, we ordered one coffee, one beer, 2 cocktails, 6 dishes, 2 orders of sticky rice and one dessert, which came out to $30/per person, including tip.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2009,4/14/2010,54,54,14,8,9>I probably should hold back on writing this review as my experience with Wiffies came at a bizarre time.  I walked up to Wiffies after hearing much about the cart on a nice June evening.  Unbeknown to me, there was a pie eating contest going on.  Loving good competition, I figured I needed to watch.  Hulking figures emerged from the dark corners of SE Portland to take their place at the champions table.  While 4 sat down, only one would be declared the winner.  I felt as if I'd just walked into the Orange Bowl with hulking University of Miami football players running out of a smoke filled tunnel, bracing themselves for the upcoming battle.  Was that Ray Lewis who just passed me?  Maybe Michael Irvin?  I digress...Fast forward to the good part... People were slamming pies, it got gross, dudes started throwing up, lots of people cleared out the line, but for me it all worked out.  I was a few pops deep and didn't mind the scene at all.  I made my way forward as those with weaker stomachs wilted and faded into what Mike Tyson describes as "Bolivian."  I enjoyed a BBQ Beef and finished it up with a Lemon pie.  Hot damn, I'd been converted.  I was a believer.  The flakey crust, the delicious fillings, I needed more.  I couldn't help myself.  When the pie eating contest wrapped up, I made my way to the table and sampled the leftovers that were out there.  I couldn't tell you the flavors, but I can tell you that they were delicious.  Make your way over there.  It's well worth the trip.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2009,4/13/2010,113,108,13,13,13>Pastrami cheese fries!!I am so tempted to leave my review at that, so feel free to stop here if you so desire.The pastrami cheese fries are a great deal at $8.50, but I think the kitchen is quite inconsistent about preparing it. One person in our party tried to add corned beef to the fries, but they came out with corned beef, only a little pastrami and not very much cheese while my fries were thickly covered with cheese and pastrami. It was defintely a generous portion. It was way more than enough for my dinner; I passed my fries around the table of six twice and ate my fill but still had enough left over to take home and reheat for lunch today.The Coke was on tap and good. Our server was wonderful about my refills. He even put my last refill in a to-go cup with a fresh lemon... nice! I was so impressed with our server the whole night. He was cheerful and attentive even after we let him know that we were using a restaurant.com gift certificate. (Unfortunately, my recent check of restaurant.com showed that they are no longer selling any Kenny &amp; Zuke's certificates. Sad.)The dessert wasn't as good as I'd hoped. I ordered a lemon bar to share with the Sam. I was excited about it, but it was just okay. It was missing the powdered sugar topping that is customary on a lemon bar, but it had either melted into the bar or was never added. The taste of the bar itself was nice and tart and lemon-y (the missing sugar would have added a nice sweetness to balance it out). The crust left much to be desired. It wasn't flaky enough. The texture was so moist that it almost blended into the lemon-y part of the bar instead of providing a nice contrast in the dessert. I love dessert crust, so that was disappointing. Also, the menu said it was $1.75 but they charged us $2. It was a little hard to argue about a quarter when we were using a $25 off gift certificate, but I really hate when the pricing isn't consistent from the menu to the bill.I will definitely return for more fries and the stellar service, but it is certainly a splurge for a deli.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,4/12/2010,123,492,13,16,14>You had me at cinnamon sugar donut muffin.  Strong coffee too?  That's just icing.Seriously, where in the hell have I been living for the past several years that I have not stumbled upon one of the most delicious breakfasts in all of Southeast Portland until just last week?  The Bud and I had a day off, so I asked him to find us a new breakfast spot in the 'hood.  A quick Yelp search later, and we find ourselves at Sweetness.  Sweetness is your local stop for both savory and sweet baked goods.  They also prepare regular breakfast items such as scrambles with a side of potatoes, fruit, and a small sample of something sweet and delicious to tempt you to get something fabulous to go (it works, by the way).  The Bud is currently a big fan of their Benedict breakfast sandwich.We have happily sampled the apple spice muffin with cream cheese frosting, the almond tarts - both the chocolate and the raspberry varieties, as well as the previously mentioned cinnamon sugar donut muffin.  All are roll-your-eyes-back-in-your-head delicious.  Each time we have been in, we have chatted with the owner, Kay, who is kept busy baking, decorating cakes and cookies, and generally enjoying interacting with her regular clientele.  She's a true entrepreneur at work, and Sweetness is her contribution to the 'hood.  The atmosphere is quaint and down home, with mismatched chairs, bench seats, a shabby chic coffee station, and an entire counter top full of baked goods that all look so scrumptious you will want one of everything.  Check out Joshua C's photos of the place.  He captures the essence of Sweetness beautifully.  Warning, though.  You will want to drop whatever you are doing and go there!
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,4/11/2010,645,1150,8,15,14>For a change, we left hipster-centric Portland and went for Sunday breakfast at Biscuit's Café, conveniently located not far from I-5.  Once we got past not one, not two, but three speed traps on the way there, we found quite a bit to like at the Biscuit's Cafe.JP and I entered a very clean establishment and were seated by a girl that was a dead ringer for a young Tonya Harding, Portland's most famous progeny.  Plenty of tables were available when we arrived before ten a.m.We liked there were four different kinds of Eggs Benedict available, as well as chicken sausage and pork chops.  JP got the Eggs Benedict and a side order of chicken sausage.  I picked the pork chops and a side of fresh fruit.JP got red potatoes with his dish and I got the hash browns with mine.  I definitely recommend the red potatoes over the hash browns.  While the hash browns are crispy on the outside, they are mushy and starchy on the inside.  But the red potatoes are great!My cup of assorted fresh fruit were indeed fresh and quite a bargain, I felt, at $3.00. For me, it was only a very minor infraction that my nice and tender pork chops were undersalted, because that can easily be remedied.Service was good and we appreciated that the owners make their presence very visible in the restaurant, from the painted statement on the wall indicating their emphasis on fresh, not fast, food to greeting customers as they enter and exit the restaurant.Lunch is available here too.It's a good thing we had a hearty breakfast because JP is back from Afghanistan for R&R, and had some pent-up shopping demands - so the day went long.  It included excursions to Crate & Barrel, Borders, Z Gallery, Washington Square, four Targets, Costco, Wal-Mart and finally IKEA.  Phew!
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2007,8/15/2007,9,5,1,5,5>Are you kidding me! I thought for a moment I was in the meat packing disctrict in New York when I sat down and had a tall belini and killer eggs benedict at this amazing cafe in northwest portland.  WOW! There typically is a 30 minute wait, but it is well worth it.  Just wait outside and sip on their free coffee until they call your name!
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2007,8/14/2007,48,76,2,8,1>They have many locations through out Portland Metro, yet this location is my favorite one. I've also tried the one on Airport Way and Holman, which is a lot closer to where I work, but one thing that I complaint about is how they don't have people at the end to hand dry your car with towels. They have a chain for a reason. They are professional, quick and affordable. I have a new car but due to my laziness, I often come here to wash / clean my car. Of course there's nothing compare to hand washing your car, but when it comes to laziness, this place is a great substitution.- In general, they are very quick. Though for this location, because of its popularity, the wait can be a bit long especially on those sunny and warm Saturday. I come here often enough to know not to come here on weekend but rather weekdays. If you can spare 20-30 mins. of your lunch time, you are covered.- Pretty affordable if you come here often and buy one of those booklets. It's the best deal out there. For example, there basic clean n wash option (#1) is 6 dollars. But for the booklet, you can get it for 20 bucks that covers 5 admissions, that is 10 dollars of saving right there. Once you have the booklet, you can always add on the service and pay for the difference if you want. Like how I usually want them to clean the wheels and tires as well, I pay additional 2 bucks each time. - People there are pretty friendly. They ain't pushing or try to up-sell you anything. You tell them what you want, they tell you what they have to offer, or even better, they sometimes offer you a better deal.Aside of washing car, they also offer many neat services such as do-it-yourself vacuum machine (50 cents for 5 mins) and many interior cleaning packages to choose from.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2007,8/13/2007,15,126,2,4,2>Masu reminds me alot of Dragonfly back in DC.  Minimal modern decor in a nice open space.  They've got a nice sushi/sashimi selection including toro and they specialize in rolls.  Fully cooked entree's are also on the menu for the squimish.Mad props for the JDM hand dryers in the bathrooms.  Wish they had the matching JDM toilets to complete the set.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2007,8/12/2007,7,17,1,10,3>An independent multiplex?  Those still exist?  They do!Unfortunately, you have to drive all the way to Cornelius to get to it.  That's not a far drive for me though, and the opportunity to support a theater that isn't Regal is reason enough for me to support this awesome theater.The first thing you'll usually notice about Cornelius is that it's not very busy for a multiplex.  I sometimes wonder how they manage to stay open, honestly.  This leads to my biggest pet peeve with the place - often the theater manager is running the ticket office, and occasionally he'll leave to attend to something managerial, and you'll be waiting at an empty ticket office.  This is annoying, and the only reason I rated this theater four stars instead of five.However, once you get your tickets, things are great.  The usual movie posters and memorabilia adorn the walls.  Bathrooms are clean.  Popcorn is good, and they use real butter!  They also sell Red Vines, unlike Regal Cinemas.Once you sit down, there is usually a slide show running with ads for local businesses, and quiet music.  You can actually talk to the people you came with if you wish!  Have I mentioned this isn't Regal?There are two screens with stadium seating and THX sound.  Cornelius Cinema claims these are the only THX screens on this side of Portland, and I haven't seen anything to dispute that claim.  THX isn't totally necessary for great movie sound, but these screens do sound awesome.They also do some really cool special events for big-time movies, like the Pirates or Spiderman series.  They'll have people dressed up and giving out movie posters or other prizes.  It's this kind of little personal touch that goes a long way with me.Pros: Decent price, THX sound, Red Vines, not Regal!Cons: Ticket office not always properly staffed, a bit far away from civilizationRecommended: If you're looking for multiplex options without the multiplex BS, this is your theater.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2007,8/11/2007,104,185,,6,5>I dropped by here one day for a nice little lunch.  They serve full pizzas and by the slice.  I ordered a slice of cheese pizza with fresh, sliced tomatoes on the side, and a small dish of "White Mint" gelato.  I took them to-go and sat outside by the fountain and people-watched while I ate.  The day was perfect and the food wasn't too bad either.  It's mall food basically...I'd go there again.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2007,8/10/2007,33,173,4,7,5>Freighted with six days of camping grease, my nephew's hair was actually starting to lie flat on the top of his head, but then we got to Portland and washed it and back up it sprang. So, while we waited for our lamb shawarma sandwiches, the owner (or whoever) of Habibi tried to make it lie flat again. "He's like, six, seven months?" (Pat, pat, and then his hand came away and up the hair sprang.)"Eleven months," my brother told him."Sweet!" He put his palm down on the hair again. "Who . . . " he guessed, looking at me."Her," my brother said, pointing at his wife. Then at me. "That one's the Auntie."The owner looked at everybody. "Sweet!" he commented, waving his hand. The hair sprang up again. "This your first time here? How'd you hear about it?""We were just walking by, and it looked good," we told him."Smelled good?" he asked. "Sweet!"The sandwiches were sweet, too, though (happily) not literally so. Very nice tangy sauce, little chunks of lamb browned just right, everything good enough that the owner himself seemed happy enough to eat one, hanging out by the sidewalk sign while at the table we happily munched and watched the MAX go by. It was a good introduction to Portland.
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/23/2007,8/9/2007,7,17,3,3,>To get 4+ stars, a restaurant needs to have either great food, great (low) prices, or great service. The food is average, as are the prices. That leaves service:One of the people in our lunch party asked for a side of mayo for his burger (poor judgment on his part, to be sure, but that's neither here nor there). Our waiter came back with mayo, at which point that same person raised his water glass at the waiter, showing how devoid of liquid it was. Our waiter apparently interpreted that as "CHEERS!" as he took a 10-minute beer break and returned at the end of our meal, when the water refill had become academic.
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2007,8/8/2007,113,136,,5,3>Utopia Cafe, while hidden under the facade of a sign-less store front, is a  nice place, with quaint artwork (presumably local) and a nice quiet atmosphere.  The staff was friendly and all-smiles, and a good balance between leave-me-alone and over-attentive.  As it was lunch on Thursday, I perused the menu and decided on a grilled chicken sandwich (no lettuce).  The chicken was cooked perfectly, with grilled mushrooms and generous tomato slices on a sesame bun -- very good.  I opted for the side salad, which would have been good, but I didn't care for the standard Thousand Island dressing that came with (thick and orange).  Overall, a nice little place, reasonably priced ($9 for lunch, salad and soda) and someplace I'll return  :)
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2007,8/7/2007,1201,2198,1,4,3>I've only experienced the MAX light railway and streetcar on a recent visit to Portland. No bus journeys yet. Overall, Portland is a lovely compact town and it's made more accessible by the integrated public transport system.I rode the yellow and red lines of MAX. The trains were punctual, clean and quiet. Like most of the tram services I've been on, there was limited seating and it got crowded at peak commuter times but bearable - unlike the non air conditioned London Underground in the summer. A few more trains at peak times would have been good.There was an issue with the ticket machines being out of order at a few stations - the rail cop fortunately believed me but I had to get out at the next station just to buy a ticket.The streetcar was fun and not crowded but I didn't ride at a peak time.I recommend getting a walking map from Powell's Books (free) which shows a good map of downtown with all the public transport system stops and directions of travel marked on it.Also have to mention the unbelievable fact that travel in most of the downtown area is completely free!!
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/18/2007,8/6/2007,9,13,2,6,1>It's a gym....so, I guess you probably know what to expect. The advantage here is it's open 24 hours and they have locations all over the US. I use the Pearl location the most since it's close to my office and they seem to have a better layout than the other downtown location. I read the previous review and I have to admit ignorance to the 'unabashed stares' or the 'walk of shame'. Maybe I'm just not that cute... Have you seen my pic? ;)Here's the high points:Good variety and amount of stationsGood classes. Free weights and machines. Big Cardio AreaYOGA!Pools, Hot tubs, Steam and SaunaLow points:It's a national chain, so I'm sure you can guess.You're a number not a member.Want to upgrade your membership or add a spouse or family member? = treated like you just walked in the door for the first time; "Initiation fees, Processing fee, Undercoating, Rustproofing, and Extended Warranty"  all required. Bottom line:  I'm happy enough to not leave since it's convenient, but not satisfied enough to be happy. I got the membership because I used to travel a lot for work and these guys are everywhere. Take your chances, but I'm sure there are other gyms that are just as good
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,12/9/2009,434,336,10,15,16>Nostalgia often factors heavily into my enjoyment of certain establishments. The Yen Ha was my first neighborhood bar in Portland when I moved here in the early '90's. Although I lived less than a block from Pal's Shanty on Sandy, the Yen Ha was my watering hole of choice. My friend Karla and I would return home from doing an Anchorage turn around 11 PM. We would stop at the Yen Ha for a Henry Weinhard's, and to be regaled by the tunes of the cute little older gentleman that looked just like Orville Redenbacher playing jazz guitar there in the evenings. This is back in the day when we wore trench coats, pearls, heels, and scarves. I'm sure we looked out of place, since it's a little on the divey side. Karla and I have reminisced many times about how many memories were made at this bar. Who wouldn't feel nostalgic? Although I haven't had the food in many years, I think it was pretty good, and the prices are still very low. The drinks are strong, and the prices are very good. The cute little guitarist has been replaced by karaoke, but little else has changed in this little gem. They still have the same paneling, and the tables and chairs appear to be the same. The clientele mostly seems to be from the neighborhood. It's still a friendly place to stop for a cold one, and some egg rolls.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,12/8/2009,637,638,16,16,15>There is something disheartening about being the 169th review. At that point are there really any witty remarks or keen observations left to make?Yes, the waffles are o-m-g-w-t-f good! I'm really not much of a breakfast person. In my mind is it the lesser of the meals, not the most important, sometimes I skip it completely! However the Farm Fusion could change my mind. I went for the Farm Fusion, purely because I'd never heard of anything like it before. spinach , mushroom and cheese on a waffle...are you sure? Fuck yes they were sure, they were damn sure. It is not to sweet, which is what turns me off from a lot of breakfast food. It was savory...and a lovely change from the normal take on waffles. My eyes are most often larger then my tummy. When getting ready to order I thought to myself...one waffle? I'm gonna need more then that. Then diet-mode kicked in and I begrudgingly talked myself down to one waffle. I am so happy I did, because it was super filling, two would've been pushing it. So if you haven't already, do it,  over and over again.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,12/7/2009,53,84,11,12,11>Two words....Praline....Bacon....If bacon is the candy bar of meats, this stuff is truly the candy bar of bacon...I'm not sure what magic they perform back there, but the praline bacon is the greatest thing I have eaten in a very long time... Went there for Brunch with some friends and the food was amazing. Read the 60,000 other reviews for the quality of the food, and it was as good or better. What I loved was the service. Our server was funny and attentive. We lingered much longer than we should have visible line outside and never felt rushed. I love this place!!
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,12/6/2009,122,301,17,18,15>If you're going to die, then at least die happy.  The Pork Schnitzelwich ($6.50) may kill you, but at least it will do so with a smile on your face.  As the fried pork makes its way in to your bloodstream and heads towards your heart, you'll taste the mix of horseradish, paprika spread and onions blend in unthinkable ways.  All this and a ciabatta roll from -- shoot, I forget.  I think it said Grand Central or Pearl Bakery.  Anyway, it's good!In case you survive the first heart attack, you can finish yourself off with the super-delicious French cookie with a caramel filling ($1).  This was such a surprise.  I wish I got two of them!Easily one of the best meals I've had from a food cart.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,12/5/2009,130,164,37,20,17>Ok, good.  He's watching 90210 and won't suspect that I'm sharing with the world his medical issue.What do you do when your beloved gets some weird red swelling in his nether regions?  Well, if it was my bf, I'd bitch slap him and scream "J'accuse!"  Which may explain why I'm currently bf-free.  In this case it was my canine bf, so he was spared the wrath of my pimp hand.  It was Saturday of Labor Day weekend and my regular vet couldn't squeeze him in.  They recommended Laurelhurst as an alternative and were pretty insistent that this was not something that could wait till Tuesday.Luckily Laurelhurst was able to fit Clavey in as a "hospital visit" - meaning I didn't have to incur the cost of taking him to an emergency vet, but it still cost more than a regular office visit.  Instead of staying with him during his exam, I dropped him off and picked him up four hours later.  I spoke with the doctor on the phone and she explained what was going on with his most sacred of parts.  Honestly, it was a little TMI about dog anatomy but now I am both a gentlewoman and a scholar when it comes to such things.When I dropped him off I was given an estimate on how much the whole visit would cost, including meds.  After speaking with the vet and hearing what she had done and what the diagnosis was, I started doing math in my head (always a dangerous thing), thinking that this might be a credit card visit, not a debit card visit.  I assumed it was going to be at least  twice the amount I was initially told.  Imagine my surprise when I picked him up and it was only $4 more.  I will spare you the details of what was going on with his junk.  Suffice to say it's nothing serious and a course of antibiotics will clear everything right up.  When I went to pick him up the tech was very nice and took his time explaining the pills I needed to give Clavey.I'm still going to stay with my dog's regular vet (mainly because she is able to cast some sort of Husky spell over a notoriously pain in the ass breed), but in a pinch I would definitely go back to Laurelhurst.Particularly if it means I never have to google "inflamed dog penis" again.
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,12/4/2009,264,523,3,14,10>We had a seriously hilarious, bellyache laughing time at Curious Comedy Theater's Main Stage Show on Saturday. We're originally from Chicago, the Land of Lincoln and the Land of Thousand Comedy Clubs, and we're also some tough critics. This is one of the best comedy shows we have ever seen. I recommend the Main Stage Show to anyone with a sense of humor. The Main Stage Show plays every Friday and Saturday at 8:00PM and features sketches, improv and stand up comedy. The crew is funny, smart and very like-able. The Main Stage Show is affordably priced at $12.00 a ticket or less depending on specials and does not require the dreaded two (2) dollar drink minimum like other comedy places. The thirsty should not fret; the theatre bar has Hopworks Urban Brewery and Deshutes on tap and carries a wide range of other liquors and hot and cold beverages as well as snacks for those with the munchies.Other interesting shows include Open Court every Thursday and Shadow Puppet Theater on Saturdays. Open Court is like a workshop open to improvisers of all levels to hone their skills or audience members who want to practice laughing. Shadow Puppet Theater is kids-focused and encourages play, creativity and imagination. The theatre is conveniently located on a public transit line and supplies amble parking to the vehicular types in the back of the building and on the street. Curious Comedy is located in the Vanport Square, between Alberta and Killingsworth. They don't have a sign up yet, but it's next to Old Town Pizza's new location. We love that Curious Comedy Theater is a nonprofit organization and the first nonprofit theater in Portland. They first opened their doors in October 2008 and clearly on track with their mission: To bring all of Portland's diverse communities together and share laughter. With all the rain we put up with majority of the year, we deserve a good laugh.Laugher is the best medicine for a frown, even better than a smile. Go and enjoy at least one of Curious Comedy Theater's Main Stage Shows. When they opened in October, they did 30 plays in 60 minutes. They change their skits often, so we'll be back for some more.
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,12/3/2009,187,281,14,27,18>WOW! Lots of yumminess. I've walked by this place a bunch of times since it opened and stuck my nose to the window and thought that it looked so sterile. Maybe they did something to the place, or maybe that was a distorted perception, but from the inside it all seems warm and inviting. This impression is compounded many times over when the proprietor visits your table. I challenge you to find a warmer, more informative host.We started with some delicious vegie samosas. From the Roti menu we each picked one from column A, one from column B and one from column C (for $12). So we did a Punjabi chicken, a pork dish, fried cabbage, an eggplant and mushroom dish, a lentil dal and a garbanzo bean dish. All of them were fabulous. Spicy while not hot. Lighter than Indian fare I'm used to (not at all thick and gloppy). Topped it off with the mango cheesecake. Sooo light!I don't usually review after a single visit but I'm making an exception - the word needs to get out about this place. If you have preconceptions about Indian food, leave them at the door and try Indish. I don't think you'll be disappointed.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2009,12/2/2009,126,2155,23,23,21>Hurry, go buy a lottery ticket. For once I am devoid of a clever analogy to apply to this business, so you know pigs somewhere are flapping their legs and a certain horned beast far below us might be frantically searching for the thermostat in Hell. I've been holding off on this review because, well, let's be honest here. Por Que No has become yet another one of those 'untouchable businesses' in Portland. You know the ones, like Apizza Scholls. Write a bad review about that place and people will instantly lose their minds. You'll lose "a fan", someone will defriend you and you'll get a cease and desist letter from The Church of Scientology. "WTF DO YOU MEAN IT WASN'T GOOD? THAT PIZZA IS SO AMAZING I'D HAVE IT CATERED AT MY WEDDING!!!" Whatever. Por Que No makes some tasty food. There's no doubt about that. It goes without saying that they beat the living hell out of Muchas Gracias in the food quality department - at least the tacos do, I've never ordered anything else. That's some good guacamole too, for sure. And sustainability? If that's your greatest worry in life (it's surely not mine) then more power to you. I don't taste a difference in sustainable farming practices but if it helps people sleep at night, more power to them. Problem is, this recession is going to test the sustainability of many, many businesses and many, many wallets. At least in the food industry, until sustainable can be delivered for cheap, it's highly unlikely that the sustainable will remain sustainable for long. Feel me? $12-13 for three tacos? Roughly $20 with a drink and a tip? Let's break that down. $20 = 10 gallons of gas at $2 per gallon. Roughly 220 miles in my car. 4 whiskey cokes, each with $1 tip. Half to over-half an electricity bill for a single person who doesn't leave lights on for no particular reason. Roughly a weeks worth of breakfast groceries for a single person. ...one meal at Por Que No. What is this cost covering? Were we served at our table? Nope. Was our food brought to us? Nope, called by number. Did I buss my own plate at the end of the meal? Yes. Are we footing the electricity bill? The best carne asada in the world isn't going to last through any recession with that kind of pricing. And frankly, their tacos are damn good but there's far better to be found on NE 28th and Alberta (for a similar price) at a place like La Bonita or La Sirinita and far cheaper to be found at Muchas. I visit at least once every two months and I never have a bad time but I guess I just don't understand the draw or the fanaticism. Maybe Por Que No's niche isn't the organic and sustainable business practices. Maybe their niche is that it truly is decent Mexican food that - like I said earlier -beats Muchas into a pulp. Most wandering Muchas fanatics probably eat here once then end their quest, proclaiming it to be the best Mexican food in Portland. To them, I offer this advice. Keep looking kiddies, you're not at the end of the rainbow just yet.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,12/1/2009,66,83,18,18,16>I been doin' this wrong.I thought I knew how to make a grilled cheese sammich. My grilled cheese sammiches don't taste like this.Truthfully, it pains me that the BABS sandwich (bacon, apple, blue cheese, swiss) is an acronym, and therefore spelled in all capital letters, because I really want to yell the name of this sandwich from the Internet Roof Tops. I mean, I really just want to e-holler "HOLY SHIT YOU GUYS, COME GET THIS BABS SAMMICH!1!" Because it is, honestly, the best damn sandwich I have ever had.Best. Damn. Sandwich. Ever. ...also, I would be remiss if I didn't mention the deliciousness of the Jaime (though, a sandwich could never hold a candle to its namesake), as well as the fact this is the only cart I am familiar with that has options for INDOOR and OUTDOOR SEATING, and jams pumped through the indoor space.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/19/2009,11/30/2009,241,429,30,23,20>"Branch, A Whisky Bar", I call it.  I can't help it, the name with subtitle is just a bit pretentious.  Even after I realized it's not "A" whisky bar and they spell it with an e, well, the damage is done.  But it's warranted because this is definitely a bobo/yuppie spot, so if you're a dive bar person, brace yourself.But you SHOULD brace yourself because I was introduced at Branch,  A Whisky Bar to something called pork rillets.  I think the bartender pronounced it "ree-yet" so it's probably some damn French thing but I can't hate (much) because it's really awesome distilled to edible form and poured into a ramekin.Witness, shredded pork fried in duck fat to be spread on little pieces of toast.  If you have any sense at all you had a moment there.  I had one with every bite.  It's worth the trip.But it's not called "Branch, An Awesome Pork Fried In Duck Fat Bar", so I'll talk about booze.  The selection is good.  I didn't see anything super exotic but they've got tons of good whisky at almost reasonable prices.So why only three stars?  This is also an overly indulgent yuppie parents with hummer strollers bar.  That's right, God damned kids are allowed at Branch, A Whisky Daycare Center.  That's some bullshit there.  And the other menu items are a burger for $10 and up from there.  So just do the rillets, which is apparently French for OMGAWEZOME and flee the spawn.
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2013,9/12/2013,11,71,11,11,9>DAAAAAMMMMMNNNNN!!!Dropped 3, read again, 3 clams on THE best Banh Mi this town has to offer!And this wasn't no little rinky dink small as a cat turd Banh Mi. That beast ALMOST packed an almost unpackable gut! The bread, my God, the bread! So warm, crunchy, and flaky. Pile on some super fresh fixins, like cilantro, ja-lop-en-ohs, carrots and onions, AND cucumber! I've never had cucumber on a Banh Mi before, but what a welcome addition. I had the number 7, which was garlic pork roll, and let me tell ya what. There was A LOT of garlic pork roll on my sandwich! I've heard talk of crazy conversation with the young gal who works behind the counter, but today there was only a very gentle friendly old man running the show. I feel this place is going to be a weekend tradition from now on!
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,9/11/2013,52,155,5,11,5>Hellz yes to Fat Yoga!!!I have a jelly bean physique and that isn't always conducive to my yoga practice, until now. I've been an infrequent practitioner and often feel discouraged by my bodies inability to gracefully bend, pose and hold. Finally I've found a teacher who works with the human bodies various shapes and curves: Welcome to Fat Yoga! A studio where all are welcomed, strengthened, encouraged and praised. Anna (the teacher) is the shit! She's fun, funny, candid and inspiring. The studio is comfortable, the folks welcoming and the location is perfect...for me.This is the kinda place that anyone will feel good about participating. So, if'n you're interested in trying yoga sign up for an intro class. You'll thank me later.
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,9/10/2013,56,145,3,2,6>On sort of a lark we stopped at Lumpy's for lunch on our way back from Spirit Mountain.  From the reviews we read as we were driving, we knew this was going to be your small town, locals mostly, dive bar.  We were NOT disappointed! LolOnce we had been "eyed over" by the locals around the bar and the server, Lumpy's warmed up considerably and Jessica (bartender/server) turned out to be a kick in the head! We ended up staying quite a while, ultimately moving from our table to the bar, solving the world's problems with the others there, and even watching a few groups of "winos" (winos, I learned, are people who have been wine tasting in the area, who stop to finally put something in their stomachs...or for a cold beer to wash out some of the wine) come through.  Actually, we ended up having quite a bit of fun with a group of camping winos as well!!Burgers and sammiches are huge, pretty good, and reasonably priced.  We didn't stray too far from "normal" bar food, but they do have a decent sized menu. They have a couple of TVs around the bar, and Comcast cable, but watching sports from the tables area is tough. Wi-fi  for customers would be a great addition to Lumpy's.We finally decided it was time to head for the ranch, and it was pretty much hugs all around.  To me, if you walk in to a strange bar in an unfamiliar town, and leave with hugs or a hearty handshake from a new friend, then both parties (customer and bar) have had a successful night.  Can't wait until we find ourselves in Dundee again!
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,9/9/2013,457,244,22,11,11>*Warning: Fruits and Vegetables Have Been Harmed in the Writing of this Review.*There is nothing in the world more helpless and irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of a juice cleanse binge. At least that's how I was feeling during the first day of my 3 day cleanse.  It didn't take long to realize that visiting Yelp was out of the question, as any thoughts of solid food would certainly drive me to the edge. Instagram and its endless parade of food porn? Eliminated from my daily diet of social media dependence.Even the great and powerful Don B. was close to getting the axe on Twitter, Facebook and all other social media channels. Why subject yourself to the endless pornography of the able bodied Larry Flynt of fine dining smut, when you've just placed a chastity belt on your diet, but your food libido is suffering from unrequited blue balls?But the worst part was the shakes.  Not from the lack of food or nutrients; I'm talking about the DT's. I felt as if I was in one of those old Looney Toons episodes where Bugs and Daffy are stranded on a deserted island...except instead of Bugs Bunny turning into a rabbit stifado, Daffy transformed into a bottle of Eagle Rare.Eh, sniff sniff, what's cookin' doc?But you know what?  It got better. And I actually started to feel better.  And those toxins? No longer avenging. I even dropped some weight.6 fresh juices a day. Delivered right to your door. Quick, easy and effortless. And while some were certainly not my favorite (I'm looking at you Beet Apple Carrot Guru juice...and your spewing bloody butt baby abortion toilet art) they were all designed to get you from one point in your day to the next.So if you are looking to cleanse, and feel good about yourself, give them a try.  But whatever you do, stay the hell away from Instagram and Don B, for while I can't define food pornography, I know it when I see it.
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2013,9/8/2013,30,160,3,5,3>Cheap buttermilk donuts...mmm! Best way to sum up Tonalli's - Greasy old fashioned donuts sticking to it's retro ways that we tend to love so much. Seriously you can't place this on the same scale as Voodoo or other "high end" donuts. Tonalli's needs to be rated on the scale of Hole in the Wall donut shops where donuts are under $1. Yes they're greasy but don't we all love that? Ok maybe not. The great thing about this place is you can pretty much walk in & out without a ridiculous line in front of you. If warm donuts aren't your fancy, then try the various Umpqua ice cream flavors they serve up. If you're looking for something cheap or to soak up that alcohol, Tonalli's is the place!
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,9/7/2013,97,140,1,10,3>Just stopped by Heathen Brewing on Saturday and had to write them a rave review first thing this morning.Here's what they have tons of:1. Charm2. Tasty beer that more than stands up to the competition3. Friendly and knowledgeable beer brewersHere's what they don't have tons of:1. Space (but they're working on a plan for that)As a beer-lover in the heart of Portland, it's hard to understand why anyone would travel the trek up 205 to Vancouver to find delicious beer. But here's the deal: it's worth it because the beer is that good (and it's pretty up there too). We tasted through their lineup and a few of my fave were the Transcend IPA, RIP Porter, and the Promiscuous Blonde. They also have a damn fine Double IPA and a stout that I've tried before, but wasn't available at this tasting (truly, the stout is out of this world and a whopping (nearly) 10% ABV, I think).Heathen is growing in tap-space throughout Portland and is definitely a favorite in the Vancouver community. They have great deals on Kegs (of all sizes) and growler fills. They also have some damn sweet merch that I want to get my hands on too.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,9/6/2013,70,54,5,11,7>What the heck?? So me and my friends tried this place out on a Saturday night. Portland was busy, this place was near empty. The one thing you will notice about Portland is when a place gets popular there are lines, everyone goes there, and the popularity just feeds on itself. This place for some reason is a hidden gem. Amazing food, great ribs and chicken, fries, hummus. Everything on this varied and excellent menu was good. The fried chicken was juicy, the ribs were almost as good as a BBQ place. The hummus appetizer was almost as good as a Mediterranean place I like. Nothing disappointed. Even my friends veggie burger was fantastic. The service was also excellent, and the location had easy parking and the seating was also comfortable. Reminded me of screen door- without the lines and the cluster phobia. Now- hopefully Portland doesn't notice this place all at once, I hate lines.
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,9/5/2013,51,292,1,6,4>I suppose I should do a review, I haven't done any for awhile. So I stumbled upon this place about a week ago, after someone else reviewed here on Yelp. I had seen it when it opened and passed it many times, but I had no interest because it looked like a bakery / baked goods type of place- those are not my kinds of places usually. I am not a bread person and I avoid the carbs! So I read the review and then read about the business. I was very surprised that this place had a full bar! *ding ding ding* winner! I went for lunch promptly that day. I ordered the spicy chicken lettuce wraps, DH had the chicken salad sandwich. I did order a cup of the tortilla soup, the waiter forgot about that, but not a big deal, he redeemed himself by bringing me a small sample to try. Was delish! I think too much cilantro though. DH said the sandwich was fantastic. It did look good, but like I said, I try to avoid the breads. The nice young waiter let us peruse the Happy hour menu, which I might add looks pretty tasty too. I didn't get to have anything from the bar on this trip, since it was lunch time and I had to go back to work, but I'm definitely going to check this place out for HH!
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/4/2013,119,205,5,14,7>We've been driving passed this place, which once was a Mexican restaurant with a well deserved bad reputation and now boarded up, for years, hoping it wouldn't become another flea market, hookah lounge, pay-day loans, or rehab center.  Slowly it was transformed - new paint, landscaping, signs, even a nice awning over the entrance - into the Black Cat Cantina.  Gresham is full of Taquerias and Pupuserias, some of them really good and others ..not so much, so we decided to drop into the Black Cat and see which category it fell into.I'll cut to the chase:  This place is in its own category.  It's in the "Oh my God, I can believe it opened here and not in the Pearl or down on South East 26th" category.  This is a fine Latin American restaurant with a chief who's worked in both Spain and Latin America. Everything is made from scratch - everything.  She uses only local, organic ingredients when she can.  The menu is rich in Seafood.  Their fish comes straight off the boat at Garibaldi.The staff is very friendly and the service is top notch.  This is easily the best Latin American food in town.  I've been there twice - this week.
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,9/3/2013,56,255,1,9,4>This is a great new vegan cart on SE Hawthorne. My girlfriend and I finally tried it out tonight after months of wanting to do so. We had the "roasted" and "garlic" pizzas and shared the two half & half. These were SO delicious! I loved the garlic cloves on the "roasted" pizza and I'm pretty sure that it will kill the remnants of the cold I've been struggling with for the past week. And if there are any vampires in the Sunnyside neighborhood tonight, they will not be coming anywhere near us. You can't get vegan pizza this good for $5 anywhere! They also make fresh juices at a very reasonable price. We each had the beet-apple-carrot + ginger juice and it was great. For dessert we tried the fruit with the cayenne sprinkled on top. It was really flavorful.. a great combination of sweet & spicy. Don't let the weather draw you away from trying this cart. Tucked right behind but not visible from Hawthorne is covered bench seating. I hope vegans and vegan-friendly people alike will all come out and help support this new vegan business because I want to be able to keep eating their pizza for a long time to come!
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/11/2009,5/2/2009,45,122,17,15,11>I think Tin Shed is one of those places that would be truly excellent if it weren't so hip and popular. Let me explain.We had tried twice to go here previously on a weekend morning and, after waiting 45 minutes, decided to go elsewhere before we starved to death. Third time was a semi-charm. I don't know how you actually get a table inside, maybe through bribery, but at least there was a patio heater above our table hot enough to burn our hair and keep our food hot. The menu is really good, with a great breakfast selection that made it difficult to decide. The food, when it eventually arrived, was delicious and well-portioned, at reasonable prices. The coffee was problematic.Apparently, Tin Shed is one of those places that has unspoken rules and expectations of its customers, such as: get your own damn coffee. Problem was, the coffee station on the patio was constantly empty of coffee and clean mugs. I think it's cool that people waiting for a table can just walk in, grab a mug, and get some joe while they wait, but I feel like there should be a priority for actual sitting and paying customers. Or at least the wait staff should be checking to see if it needs maintenance. But when we finally did get coffee, it was good. So, why do I still only give Tin Shed 3 stars? The people. Wait staff and other customers. I don't go somewhere to "be seen," I want good food and good service. And apparently, Tin Shed is so fucking cool, their wait staff can treat you like you're a charity case. Our waiter was inattentive and never came back to check on us. Fortunately, the food was fine, but how the hell would he have known? Also, I'm sorry... leave your fucking Great Danes and labradoodles and other assorted pets at home. There were dogs wandering around under my table, sniffing at my plate, and barking at each other. It felt like brunch at the Humane Society. I'd go back to Tin Shed in a heartbeat, but only if the customers and staff remember it's actually a restaurant and not a snooty dog park.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,5/1/2009,188,386,17,12,13>Let's play 20 Questions...Q1] Would a recent New York transplant call it "Quintessentially Portland"? YESQ2] Do they have a regular menu? NOQ3] Does the menu change out every couple of weeks? YESQ4] Do they have skylights? YESQ5] Is there a jukebox? YESQ6] Are the music selections a character in their own right? YESQ7] Do they provide table service? NOQ8] Can you bring and play games there on a Monday night? YESQ9] Can you see the playing surface or your food or your own hands after the sun goes down? NOQ10] Will patrons look at you funny if you walk in wearing bunny ears made out of an old mink stole? YESQ11] Is the restroom clearly labeled? NOQ12] Is the restroom pretty fancy for not being clearly labeled? YESQ13] Will they card you? YESQ14] Do they take cards? YES and NO (yes to credit and ID, no to library)Q15] Is it OK if you're not a regular? YES and NOQ16] Is it a Bar? YESQ17] Is it hidden away on Albina? YESQ18] Is it Red? YESQ19] Is there a Fox? YESQ20] Will you return? YES
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2009,4/30/2009,302,646,8,9,9>Apparently this just opened...how long its been open? I'm not sure since I've only been here a week but I was thrilled to discover a frozen yogurt shop here in Portland (is it even a trend up here too?) because it was something I enjoyed greatly in CA. Their plain tart is pretty good. Not too sweet and it's really creamy. It's a self serve place and it's .40 an ounce which is pretty standard as far as self serve shops go. There is a decent selection of fresh fruit and dry toppings and 10 flavors of yogurt. I wouldn't mind coming back though it is pretty far from where I live. Now if I can find some red velvet cupcakes here in pdx, I'll be all set! PS: they also accept plastic!
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,4/29/2009,550,1055,24,24,21>I was born as a hairy baby and I grew up as a hairy woman. I don't mind being hairy, but it's just take so much time and money to wax my body parts. The one thing I can't stand is to have big, bushy, crooked eyebrows. I always try to get it wax once or twice a month, but due to everything is getting so expensive, I tried to do more plucking. I just couldn't keep up! I passed this place on the way back from library and they have a sign for $8 eyebrow wax. I walked to Global hair & nails salon, walked in and all these bored looking ladies asked me at the same time what did I need to get done. There's no other customer there and it's Saturday afternoon. I thought to myself, "O o...bad choice." I was nervous when the nice lady started waxing my eyebrows. Turned out to be, she did a great job with my eyebrows. Now I feel clean and my self esteem is back to normal. I will be back for more cheap waxing, I really don't want to have a monobrow.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,4/28/2009,222,561,21,26,24>One word: Serrano Chili Lime DropOkay, so that wasn't exactly ONE word, but ONE sip of this cocktail is all you'll need to realize how kickass it really is.I don't know what my problem is, but I've been going on a spice kick recently, and I can't really even handle my spice! First it was something chocolatey and Trunk Monkey-ish from Montage, then the Sacsayhuaman from Andina, and now this lime drop (which, by the way, is listed as a lemon drop, but I asked for lime, as per the recommendation of the bartender). This one builds upon the classic "-drop" with some sort of serrano infusion (and believe you me, serranos are spiiiiiicy on their own, and taste better than jalapenos), lime vodka, and a sugar rim. It was literally the PERFECT combination of sweet, tart, and spice (spice was toward the beginning, moving toward the back of the palate afterward).I would go back just for that.But my friend got a Coffee Nudge, which was quite tasty, also.Aaaand...the ambiance was JUST right! Nice and dark and sexy. Lovely music, the volume being conducive to actually carrying on a conversation. Nice tables and bar. And a pool table!What more could a gal want? And on DIVISION, no less!
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,4/27/2009,80,286,14,17,15>This place is exactly as I wanted it to be.  I had a vision of myriad teas and Vietnamesey light fare, served with tinkling background music in a high ceilinged light front room. And then, as in Waynes World with the doodaladoo fingers, I entered into my vision and was delighted. The older man behind the front counter asked if I'd been there before, no. So his lovely daughter or hot young wife advised me on the teas arranged on the wall. I picked an 'earthy, gardeny' tea and had the udon noodles. Both were delicious. I sat by the window, but there were plush chair options and maybe a couch? Mmmm, I was just very happy there. And I'm glad it's in my neighborhood. And it's right across the street from my favorite of all shops, Tilde. Visit both! Doodaladoo, doodaladoo.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,4/26/2009,140,274,6,8,8>Ooh la la! The new hip destination restaurant in Portland is here. It's rather reminiscent of the Sky Bar in LA and Vancouver BC....with a Portland flair...and excellent food. (Sorry no oxygen bar, but they do have a fabulous rooftop deck....can't wait for the weather to warm up.) The Japanese fusion food is fabulous, and they have excellent wines, Saki, and drinks to pair. The dishes are small-and meant for sharing. Tried almost everything on the menu-and nothing was disappointing. If you want to impress your date get a reservation here...with the views and food you'll be sure to impress. (Make that reservation WAY ahead of time....it books up fast.)
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,4/25/2009,66,83,10,10,11>I have a gripe with good food in Portland--well, really, I have a gripe with good food everywhere--why the HELL are you so expensive? I have a Yelp bookmark list a mile long of "places I'll eat next paycheck, but I probably won't, because I will need to pay my electric bill/buy dog food/etc".   I recently came to realize that this list is brimming with with restaurants categorized as either "Spanish", "Mexican", or "Latin American"  (though these cuisines are rather different, the Spanish language was obviously calling me to its foods) so when I heard heard rumors on the uh, internets (ah, Mr. Ex President, that never gets old) that there was a Peruvian cart in the 9th & Alder parking lot, I was intrigued.  I mean, I'd never eaten Peruvian food, something tells me that I'd like it (... maybe my strong fondness for Venezuelan food?) Now, I loves me some cart food and as such, I have become quite accustomed to completely ignoring the receptacle that it is often served out of.  But man, this is one dirty-looking cart, and I guess everyone else on 9th & Alder noticed that too, because I was the only person in line.  SUCKERS.  Don't you know by now that in most cases, the dirtiness of the cart is directly proportional to the tastiness of the food?  I ordered a dish called "Lomo Vegetarian" which consisted of grilled veggies (lots! fresh!) and FRENCH FRIES over rice.  The veggies were delicious, and well prepared, the french fries made me go "wha?" which quickly morphed in "YUM".  While, admittedly, it took my mind a while to get over the notion that I had a fork full of white rice and french fry, my tummy was more than happy to oblige this dish, and at the standard cart price of two-for-six (aka: $6 and enough food for two meals), it will be obliging it again later tonight.  (and it pretty much cured my Elite Event hang-over!)
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,4/24/2009,135,161,5,11,10>I've been to Tart a couple times, and each visit has truly been a treat. After reading reviews and seeing they had frozen custard, I knew I had to try it. I'm an Oregon girl so I'd never experienced such a thing, it's mostly an east coast phenomenon, but lots of my east coast friends have raved about how awesome frozen custard is. Well, I'm not sure how it is out there, but the frozen custard here is pretty awesome. It's much creamier, sweeter, and denser than the soft serve you'd get at a place like Dairy Queen or McDonald's. The vanilla might be easy to confuse with normal soft serve, but holy crap the chocolate frozen custard? It's unmistakeably thicker, sweeter, and creamier than any other soft serve ice cream I've ever had in my life. For the record, so is the vanilla. And I should know, I love me some DQ soft serve. The frozen yogurt is also a treat. I was just in the other day and tried their seasonal Black Currant yogurt. It's sweet and smooth with a tart kick. Topped it with granola, strawberry, and honey. I gotta say, it was a delightful breakfast. Yeah, I'm counting it as a breakfast meal since their yogurt is fat free with active cultures that are good for you! With fruit and granola and honey? I'm totally feeling guilt free here. I was tempted to add one of the Two Tart cookies they have on top of my yogurt, but I was being good. I did get a cup of Stumptown coffee brewed fresh on their Clover machine. A damn smooth cup of coffee, I almost felt bad adding creme and sugar (almost). With frozen yogurt places popping up all over the place up here, it could be hard to distinguish one from the other. With the frozen custard, Stumptown, and wine and beer offerings, I'd say this one is a keeper!
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,4/23/2009,264,523,8,15,16>My mouth is watering whilst thinking of the deliciousness I enjoyed last night at Belly Timber. We practically had the restaurant to ourselves on a quiet Wednesday night. Once in the door, we were seated prompted and our drinks and food orders were attended to by the ever attentive Bradley. Bradley mixed me a BT Collins. BT's version of the Tom Collins had blood orange and was one of the smoothest drinks I've had in ages. I can bet all the drinks on the menu are seriously smooth.For starters we had some escargot with chickpeas, topped with prosciutto and garlic puree with the house made fries and bone marrow aioli. The escargot was tasty. The garlic puree was so divine and buttery, if I could jar this and put this on everything I would. My only qualm was that the bone marrow aioli should be served in the bone, not the dish that it was. Also, I figured out during this course, that I like chickpeas mashed and fried or pureed into a dip. I was a tiny disappointed that we didn't receive an amuse bouche, but I've already forgotten, so that's alright.For dinner I had the confit duck leg on top of Israeli couscous with caramelized fennel. I could eat caramelized fennel all night; it had just the right amount of sweetness and savoriness. This place is seriously that good. The confit duck leg was meaty and delicate as expected and the Israel couscous paired nicely. My cohorts had the artichoke in filo dough on top a bed of mushrooms and finished with a tasting of goat cheese, as well as the much Yelped about sweet potato gnocchi and roasted pine nuts. We didn't sample dessert, but were tempted. All in all, we enjoyed the dining space of the old Victorian house. The place is charming and each fixture was well thought out, but I can see how noise can be an issue as indicated by other Yeeps (it must stem from the lofty ceiling height). As we were finishing dinner, three other parties were seated and the room's noise level dramatically rose, even though everyone was using their "inside voices." I highly recommend Belly Timber for it's looks, atmosphere, attentive service, delicious food and carefully crafted drinks. Once you add Belly Timber to your dining repertoire, you are going to ask yourself, "why can't other places be like this?"
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/25/2008,12/9/2008,61,77,12,14,13>ceci n'est pas le creperie de votre mere...this ain't yo mama's crepe stand.when i think of crepes i think of thin envelopes stuffed with a few simple and delicious ingredients sent to mah belleh.snow white is not that...exactly. the crepes are HUUUGE, overflowing with ingredients that are admittedly delicious but man was that a messy eat. good thing nobody was watching...i had a spinach and cheese and avocado and sour cream and and and and i can't even remember what else. it was great, but be prepared- grab one or three of the paper towels they've got on the counter.bonus, they're open late so if you're on your lunch break later than usual and all of the other food carts are closed...ceci, voila!
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/22/2008,12/8/2008,52,115,34,15,13>My boyfriend likes to take me here.  Just kidding I don't even have a boyfriend but it seems like all the reviews I'm reading these days begin with that sentence, so I wanted to try it out.  Did I say boyfriend?  I meant my dog.  My dog LOVES Laurelhurst but for whatever reason people look at you funny if you let your dog run free.  I've had lots of people ask me to "restrain" my dog like he was attacking a pack of wild children or something?  He's chasing squirrels and jack rabbits, ignore him!  Laurelhurst isn't fenced so if your little man has mild curiosities about the surrounding neighborhood, then it probably isn't the best park for you and your boyfriend.  I mean dog.  Go to Tabor which is right up the road.
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/9/2008,12/7/2008,171,101,13,13,11>So it's Election Day 2008. I need to find just the right spot to finish up my ballot and cast it on it's merry way. Over breakfast of course. Toast with jam is CRUCIAL to my all important civic decisions. Let's try Besaw's!Yeah all the reviews I've read are preeeetty lukewarm...But it's close! And how bad can it really be? And I bet they were just having off days...all of those times...So I get there. First off. It's a really cool little spot. The sun shines in the windows in just the right spots. The bar is cool. It has a very warm vibe overall. Ah-HA. So far so good.I am immediately approached by a very nice hostess with funky earrings and a great big smile. Table for one please. Sure sit where ever. Oh and I love your boots! You look like an Eskimo! Gee, thanks! Your server will be with you in a moment.Cool.Ah-HA again. The service isn't bad at all. ........15 minutes and several Measures on my ballot later...hmmm...where is my server? How long IS a moment?I see the man who is my server walk by, and i flag him down asking for advice between the Avocado Omelet and the Salmon Scramble. My gut tells me avocado (duh), he suggests salmon. Salmon it is.The food comes out fast and it's piping hot. These are both good things to Chrissy. The plate is under there somewhere but I couldn't see it. Lots of food consisting of a HUGE Salmon scramble, potatoes and toast. Now that sounds good right? WRONG! Even when they put it in front of you it looks like it will be yummy, but that is where Besaw's gets you. The potatoes are so bland and dry and boring and a thousand other adjectives in the same vein. I barely touched them after the first bite. The toast is AWFUL. How do you mess up toast??!? Ya know the huge Styrofoam rectangles they use as packing material for electronics? Yeah. It's like that with butter on it. The scramble was fine. It was ok. Not bad. Nothing special. Blah blah blah. I finish my ballot. I finish my food...well somewhat. And I sit.I sit and I soak up the history of this place called Besaw's. Pictures adorn the walls in black and white, of the glory days. I see the faces staring back at me of the first patrons and the owners back in 1903, and I wonder how their salmon scrambles were... Surely they made good toast then...? Surely.When I FINALLY got my check, payed, and left with my ballot and Eskimo boots in tact, I realized that the reviews were dead on. I wanted Besaw's to be good, but it will just remain mediocre in my heart. My theory is this...maybe Besaw's was once amazing. Maybe once. Maybe somewhere along the way, they stopped worrying about the actual food thinking that the atmosphere alone would be enough. But you can only lean on history for so long, Besaw's. And after this AMAZING election came and went, now is the time for change Besaw's. Get on it. Word.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2008,12/6/2008,62,44,4,5,4>This place is often referred to as "my mistress". I have been known to slip quietly out of bed in the morning, tip toe down the stairs and sneak off to the Goodwill. I occasionally slip away from work mumbling something about "errands" only to lose myself in the shoe aisle. It is not uncommon for me to spend 2 or 3 hours there.Now, it should be noted that I consider myself a professional thrift shopper. I can tell you instantly whether or not that cute sweater has been shrunk in the wash. I can advise you which racks to avoid (The Retro rack. It's not worth it.) and where to check each time, just in case (the jackets). So, I will say that this particular Goodwill can get a little crazy. If you want to avoid the crowd don't go on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon. Midday, midweek is nice. Just you and a few regulars, so it will be much easier to navigate the shoe aisles. OH! And the cafe? I've eaten there many times. The burgers, hot dogs and sandwiches are surprisingly good (and they are super cheap).
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2008,12/5/2008,72,116,6,9,7>Vietnamese pork sandwich!! Finally I don't have to drive to bfe for one of my favorite meals. Added bonus, they bake their own bread.  Try a red velvet cupcake or if your feeling adventurous try the traditional green Vietnamese wedding cake.  Oh and of course they have tea up the wazoo so sniff around their sample wall and pick your favorite.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,12/4/2008,53,84,7,12,8>I went here hoping to get a burger that reminded me of In-N-Out, and was pleasantly surprised to get something better. It's not a copy of that other great burger place in Socal, so I can understand the people wanting a taste from home could be disappointed, Five guys is it's own burger. I got the bacon cheeseburger and the large fries. The burger was big and loaded with all kinds of toppings including mushrooms, grilled onions, peppers and A-1 steak sauce. The patty was hand shaped and not like the preformed patties you get from the burger chains, it also had a great texture. The fries were some of the best I have had in a long time. Crispy and plentiful. You get peanuts at the door, throw the shells on the floor, makes the short wait even shorter. If you're allergic to peanuts, you might want to send a friend in as there are peanut shells all over the floor and also, the fries are cooked in peanut oil. The few knocks I have with this place, no onion rings, no shakes, and no fresh brewed iced tea. Other than that, this place is a great burger.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2008,12/3/2008,81,196,8,8,6>Our first time! The hubby was STARVING after the eggnog cluster, and Elephant's was closing down, so we went on a seek-and-destroy of the NW, lookin' fer nosh.Most impressed! Ceviche: delicious, high-quality fish in perfect spiced concoctions (and actually cooked by the lime juice); server: totally on top of his game (OK, so we were the only table in the place). We never wanted for more blue tortilla chips, and the blood orange margaritas were quite yummy.Warm-colored string lights made the elegant modern interior feel like christmas inside a chile pepper.Tacos al pastor: tasty! But tasted more like carne asada, honestly. Need more marinated goodness. Drunken beans can call me for bail any time.Roasted poblano pepper stuffed with fresh seafood? More, please!Didn't even get to taste the hubby's dish, he inhaled it so fast. Hurt himself, a little.We're taking our server's suggestion, and meeting at the bar for happy hour.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2008,12/2/2008,25,121,11,12,10>Whoever thought to put bacon, brie, and basil on a waffle is an effing genius.  And letting me order it through a window, none of this waiting for your server bs, only makes it better.  I will be back.
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2008,12/1/2008,758,866,8,13,10>Nice to finally have a good BBQ place in downtown. This new location contains Nathan's cafe and Wally's BBQ. Looks like the word has gotten out about this place as there were 10 people in line when I was there. I got the combo meal with one meat. It came with your choice of one meat, one side, drink, and brown sugar cornbread. I chose the Beef brisket with baked beans& sausage as my side. All the food was very good. Next time I want to try the pulled pork.Here is the full list of what they offer:Smoked BrisketBeef RibsPulled PorkSmoked chicken & turkeyHickory HamTri-TipSmoked spare & baby back ribsPork LoinSmoked CabbageJack Daniel's Sweet PotatoesSweet&Sour Cucumber SaladMade from scratch soupsand More... 4.5 Stars
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2008,11/30/2008,222,561,28,25,24>"I'm not going to talk to you, but it's not because I'm ignoring you," Mindy said as I laid on a sheet-covered bed thing 8:30 this morning.*Confusion*"It's because if you move your face talking, your facial expressions can change the way your brows will look."Okay.It's true: I have a low tolerance for pain. Painfully low, one might say. Therefore, no one has even poured a drop of hot wax on the nether regions...even the legs. No. Just no.But I will, however, let Mindy work on my face anytime. Well, my brows at least.I came here because I was too damn lazy to pluck...for like a month. And I think this might soon become my new monthly routine. My brows look AWESOME and in shape and just great. Ahhh!Oh, and after the wax part was done (and the pluckage/trimming began), Mindy talked to me. And she was FUC'n funny (pardon the Yelp French).And if I ever DO work up the courage to be smooth in other places, they'll be the first people I call.
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,8/19/2014,320,479,20,28,28>Blackbird rules.Not only do you get to taste stellar wines, I mean, really great local and imported wines, but the food is awesome too.Andy, the owner is a delight.  With each generous pour, he was visiting at our table and we had terrific conversations about the wines, and shared stories.  Andy would find out our preferences and tailor the tasting to suit us and even brought out special wines that he thought that we would like.  It felt like we were old friends.  The gal that works there too is always just as friendly and helpful as well.The cheese counter in the back is oh so tempting and the plates, crostini and panini menus are all bomb.  In particular, the avocado crostini and the media noche panini are just freaking awesome.Currently, as of February 25, 2014, there is a Groupon for half off tasting at Blackbird.  Trust me, at $10.00, jump at this offer.  You're welcome.2014 - Review # 16
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,8/18/2014,22,347,3,9,3>A nice addition to the neighborhood.  A recap of our two experiences:Service: AI counted at least ten employees on a Tuesday evening.  Our server was attentive, friendly, chatty in a good way and provided updates regarding the timing of our meals.  One of the smiling chefs heated some chili oil to go with our Fried Rice without being asked, he also gave us free cookies.  The guy who filled water and cleared plates was friendly and fast; the hostess was quick.  Everything to the amicable male Bartender was "amazing", so maybe skip asking his opinion.* one small unsolicited suggestion: don't ask, "wasn't that just excellent?"  It's tough to live up to - let alone exceed - that accolade.  More importantly, as a restuarant you'll get more useful feedback via an open ended question such as "what did you think of the....?" Miso Soup: A-not your normal version, real good, big chunks of tofu rather than the usual small cubes, portion was ample for $3.  A lady next to us highly recommended the version with clams for $6.  Not sure if it was by design, but the soup was served warm rather than hot.Charcoal Fired Steak: A-very tender, love the fatty pieces.  The dipping sauce was wonderful, especially over rice.Tonkatsu: B+crispy coating and semi-tender middle (a little red), above average taste compared to those from other places.  The side cabbage was a nice touch and the mayo concoction delicious.  Portion was too small for $13 though.  A renowned authentic Japanese food cart sells this dish for half and you get more.  I realize comparing venues is akin to comparing apples and oranges, but that's where my mind went.Wagyu Happy Hour Tacos ($2.50): B+good deal for 10 quarters ; flavor didn't blow me away.  Seems like high-end tacos are all the rage, but they still don't compare to those offered by Hole-in-Wall Mexican places and food trucks.Croquettes: B-sauce was tarter sauce-like.  Almost any version of this dish is good, here it's average; I still recommend it though.Steak Tartar: BIt tasted raw....okay, okay.  Here they include the egg which is a must.   I appreciate places who provide a mixture of sea salt and some sort of peppercorn on the side, here they don't.  What dropped the satisfaction level were the three wafer thin - almost nonfunctional - potato like things.  This dish is best with something hot and thin so you can scoop-up the beef and balance the texture.Bacon Fried Rice: BHow can something with bacon not receive an A?  I prefer larger pieces so you experience that jolt of salty goodness, here the amount of bacon was ample, but bite sizes were too small.  And as someone accustomed to Nasi Gorang, the rice wasn't sticky enough.   The egg omelette was nice touch.  Atmosphere: A-Large spaces with ample seating haven't faired too well in this section of town.  I want these folks to succeed; the've built it so it is hoped that the customers come.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,8/17/2014,395,537,5,13,6>We came here to eat the other night, and liked it so much that we also got take-out two days later.The inside is small, but cozy. It feels a bit outdated, but what Chinese restaurant doesn't? There's tennis balls attached to the bottom of chairs, their decor is very mixed-media and basically entirely from IKEA. I did adore the gigantic IKEA Canvas of the Flatiron Building in NY, since I have the same exact one hanging in my bedroom, and it's my favorite building.Our waitress was nice, and she looked a lot like Carey Mulligan. All of our food came out super fast. When you dine there, they give you kimchi and radish to snack on. Both were good. We ordered some Tsing Tao's, which are a decent price of $3.50. We got the dumplings as an appetizer, and they were delicious. Not filled with tons of meat, but I liked it that way. Great texture and wonderful dipping sauce.I ordered the Shrimp Noodles and hubby got the Chicken. The noodles really steal the show here, obviously. They're a great texture and flavor. I do have to say that I wish my shrimp were a bit fresher, but they did give you a very generous portion.When we got take out, that took a prompt time of only 10 minutes on a Friday night. The dumplings and noodles are definitely better when you eat them there opposed to take out. We also tried the General Tso Chicken, which was good. I don't like that you have to order white rice separately and are charged extra for it. It should be included in all of the dishes as the norm, especially for the price point. I'll definitely return and try more of the menu. Keep in mind that the noodles are pretty spicy. I order a "1" and that's just enough kick for me. If you don't like any heat at all, order a 0.
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2014,8/16/2014,327,281,8,7,7>Here's how my Friday was going: I basically left work wanting to kill a certain coworker and hating life.  It was a misty, gray afternoon, almost as dark as my soul.  I had plans to meet up with a very good friend for after work revelry at a certain juice bar and raw foods cafe.  Don't get me wrong, I love that place and under normal circumstances would have been jones-ing for a veggie juice and a rice bowl. But after the day I'd had, I needed some BOOZE.  My very kind friend said, "there's a bar across the street."  Did I mention I'm not the most observant person? Bonfire Lounge was just the remedy I needed.  The interior was dark and home-y, and very Portland-esque.  At 4-ish on a Friday, it wasn't even crowded.  The drinks were standard, but gave me the buzz I so desperately needed.  Food was great too.  I've been eating veggie lately due to some health concerns.  They have a veggie burger, it's a Morningstar Farms patty, but it was really tasty . They seemed to have spiced it up some and it came with lots of lettuce, tomatoes, etc.  The sweet potato fries are seriously the best I've ever had.  They somehow managed to make them taste not so sweet. Kudos!  I slurped it down with all the grace of a pig in heat. Speaking of, the bartender was hot and very attentive. I'm taking one star off because he kept pointedly calling me sir. Yes, I am out of my twenties and thirties, but you don't have to make me feel like grandpa crashing the cool kids' party.  Despite that, it was fun and I'm eager to go back.
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,8/15/2014,219,427,9,13,13>Bombay Cricket is my favorite Indian food in town. I can never resist their enticing yet dangerous Mangoritas. Don't even try to understand the game of cricket after downing one of those. Don't even try to understand anything but your own name and directions for the taxi driver after having two of them. They also boast a variety of Naan. All delicious and delightfully fluffy! Be sure to try their oh-so creamy hummus. I also adore their chicken tikka masala, very tender and made with actual chicken tikka. The portions are huge and the spice level can be catered to your tolerance from wuss to those who no longer have the top layer of their tongue. I love that they have their own parking lot and that they take reservations. It is a smaller space so I don't recommend bringing a very large group. Also, be warned that they won't seat you until your entire group is there. Friends running behind? You know the answer... Mangorita!
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,8/14/2014,86,225,13,16,14>This place is magic. Worthy of every star of goodness.  Forget everything I said about Ruby Jewel. In fact, if you're heading there right now, just turn around. The fact that What's the Scoop offers samples, gives me cookie samples with my order, offers service with a smile (sounds cliche, but hey, it's rare these days), and has developed yummy creative flavors, is why I am so fond of this ice cream establishment.Did you say Chocolate Sorbet? Ok, I'm listening....Some may complain prices are spendy but no complaints here.  I got my scoop fix on a waffle cone (dayuum, those things are good) and just how I like it; a half and half scoop - mint chunk and 3D chocolate.  I'm not sure what constitutes the chocolate to be 3D but the mint was everything and more.  I've had some blase mint ice cream and this was not even close.  This is the type of mint that is comparable to having cold water thrown in your face on a hot day.I want to come back. I must come back.  And when I do...I want that chocolate chip cookie and the recipe. That sample just did not suffice.
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,8/13/2014,98,185,3,7,4>I recently found the perfect wing recipe to make at home. Since trying to lose the baby weight and more, it was a nice to find something I can lower the Weight Watchers points on and enjoy....but.....sometimes....you need to not be in the kitchen. Life has been chaos lately with work and home and stuff. B and I decided we needed some WINGS. They are like some of the best comfort food...but since moving to Oregon, we had not ventured away from Buffalo Wild Wings out of fear and convenience. Well, finally it was time. Our last order from ...that other place...was wrong and over cooked and just reminded me how much I hate the loudness and general "chain feel" that they have....so we went exploring. Being out in Hillsboro, sometimes you feel as if you are in another universe which leaves you feeling like you do not have any options but ...there they were, Rock-N-Wingz (I do not like the Z at the end personally...but I deal)We show up...all excited. They were closed. Family birthday party. It was a Sunday (our day when we had a sitter and wanted to get some YUM and watch a movie at home in the quiet...so I can tell you, I was very disappointed but the idea that it was a family joint, made me smile. So ....we tried again...like a week or two later (can't remember). B got the classic and some fried pickles, my mom got a cheese pizza and some onion rings and I got the honey and those jungle fries BUT with mozzarella instead of pepper jack because I am just not a fan of pepper jack. The order took a while BUT as someone who makes wings at home, I know why...fresh wings take TIME. So be prepared ....(we are ordering again tonight and we are calling ahead) ...The staff was nice ...place had awesome music and the wall of pain (I think that is what they call it) cracks me up. We took our yummy stuff home and yep...it was lovely. Sauces were decadent and rich, the fried pickles were crispy, sour and perfect and the wings were moist. The onion rings are HUGE and there were too many for us to finish but they were good. Mom said the pizza was good (she is a veggie, hence the choice of cheese) and yeah, we are happy campers. I feel confident now in trying the more unique sauces, like tonight I will be trying their boneless wings with the jerk sauce and being naughty and getting those fries again. YUM!All in all, I hope these guys stick around. I wish they were a bit closer to the house so I could walk and get my order (feel less guilty) and I think they would do well over here more in the Orenco area...but that is me being selfish. If you are out my way and you need some wings (WITH AN S in my mind but a Z on the sign), check out Rock-N-Wingz.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,8/12/2014,201,579,7,16,12>To call this a dive bar would be an understatement. Black and red walls, brick, pleather booths with exposed foam and the ratty duct tape holding it together. Five pinball machines and Ms. Pacman and a vending machine that dishes out guitar strings, cables and Vic Firth drum sticks. Dim red and orange lighting. You're not supposed to see much. I came to see some live music. A soul shakedown party, in fact. A couple of local acts and one from San Francisco. Ska and soul music. Nice combo. This is a great place to be intimate with the bands that's for sure. You can be front and center with the acts.The surprise for me was the food. I'm learning quickly, don't judge Portland restaurants by what they look like. Vegetarian /vegan fare and falafel and fries are the stars. The food was great! The fries were fresh cut and had little seasoning, they didn't need anything. The falafel was similar to the Lebanese places I've been to and it was wrapped up with crunchy veggies and really good. I wasn't hungry afterwards. Add a couple summer shandys and the music and atmosphere were terrific. Stop by, see a band and eat some falafel. Enjoy.
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,8/11/2014,115,342,12,11,11>I had the day off today, and although it's not my favorite thing to do, I disciplined myself and cleaned house.  Score one for me.  Yet as I'm cleaning, I feel the hot water temperature getting lower and lower until finally it's nothing but cold.  Rats (well sort of rats - could have used this as an excuse to stop cleaning).  So, I called my apartment manager and asked for help at about 2 pm today and by 3:30 the tech from MP Plumbing was at the door, and by 4 I had hot water again.  The tech was just very nice and professional, chatted a little bit about the Ellen show (on in the background), and got the work done which involved hauling a hose up the stairs and replacing a part within the hot water heater itself.  He showed me the part and described to me what had been wrong with the hot water heater.  Nicely done, MP, and I so appreciate the rapid service and return of my hot water.  I'm sure my apartment manager will be back in touch as I let her know of your fine work.  I certainly will be recommending you!PS: The only being not happy with this whole transaction was Sophie the Cat who is afraid of her own shadow.  She hid under the bed the whole time the nice tech was here and in fact is still hiding.  However, I don't know many cats often in need of hot water or help from plumbers, so I don't think she has a Yelp opinion.  I'm hoping my adorable scaredy cat will soon be out and about and appreciative of the fact that I enjoy my renewed hot water.
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/10/2014,16,103,5,7,8>I'm steadily working toward moving from the "moderately tattooed" category to the "extensively tattooed" one. This entails eventual full sleeves, which is a many-year endeavor. Luckily, I've enlisted the skills of Lance from Aardvark Tattoo to accompany me on this journey. So far, he has given me three pieces of art: two of script and one of a rabbit with text inside of it - all black. Here's what I like most about the shop and my artist particularly: clean, well-managed shop, courteous staff, individual rooms for the artists, Lance has a light touch and is very quick, his line work (especially lettering) is competent, touch-ups are complimentary, pricing is very fair. Overall, I am pleased thus far with my new additions and am looking forward to becoming the painted lady I've always dreamed of being.
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,11/22/2011,148,236,10,12,12>In the last 12 months, the wife and I have made it our mission to hit up a speakeasy wherever we can find one.  Is this sorta pretentious?  Yep.  If you know us, you're not surprised by this fact.  Do we give a shit what you think?  Probably not.  Or at least we pretend not to care (honestly, I care, but we must maintain appearances.)From DC to SD we have enjoyed drinks on the sly, but nothing replaces a covert drink near your house.  I'm bummed that we had to read about this place in the Oregonian, but it has managed to maintain its cool kid sensibility even with the press.  We shared two rounds of phenomenal cocktails, and none disappointed.  The crowd was sexy, and the service was tidy.  For the record, this was all on a Friday night after 10pm.  I'm not one to be caught dead in Old Town on a weekend evening, so I was a little surprised at how much I enjoyed it.Is this place all that secret?  Nope.  You're reading this, after all.  Is it worth the trip?  Yes.  Now stop asking questions and drink.
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,11/21/2011,426,1757,9,23,13>Don't hate the player, be prepared to play the game.Car dealerships are like beauty salons. Your mileage will vary based on your interactions with the staff. Some you click with, some you don't. Some interactions will leave you thrilled with the results and others may end in tears. In both cases, a poor experience can last a really long time and the reviews can be scathing.The short story is that it took me roughly one year to choose a car. I test drove cars all over town with a focus on German and Japanese brands. This was coupled with exhaustive research both on the internet and talking to owners of the different cars that made my short list.  Even with all of my research and planning, the process can be incredibly frustrating if you are (a) particular and (b) patient. I had to walk away from another car manufacturer since they started dictating that all drivers in the Pac NW only want AWD in 2011 and stopped shipping other models to our region. I have endless admiration for my friends and family who just walk into a dealership and drive away with a car the same day. Wow. My experiences at this dealership ran the gamut. I didn't hit it off with the first salesperson and on subsequent visits made sure I spoke to someone different. I had to find a someone who was equally patient with me, since I am a car buying handful. Once you get to negotiating your deal, do your homework. Every car dealer is going to do what they can to maximize their profit. That is the nature of the beast.This location isn't great and can't compare to the luxurious showrooms at BMW, Lexus, Audi (brand new in Wilsonville) and Acura. But the good news is that they are moving into a new facility this March. This is the only Infiniti dealership in Oregon, so your options are limited unless you are open to working remotely with other dealerships in Washington or California. Yep, I did that too.I'm very happy with my car and if anyone is considering purchasing an Infiniti, send me a PM and I'll pass along the name of the salesperson who had the patience of a saint and saw me through the process with professionalism and a sense of humor.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/20/2011,265,215,11,19,13>Oh, hurray!Sweet Hereafter is OPEN! It's like a cross between it's big brother the Bye and Bye (big shock) and Highline in Seattle (which is modeled after the Bye and Bye, so it's this sort of incestuous post-modern thing). Basically, it's just like the Bye and Bye but with a southeast flavor. Fantastic drink menu (with an abundant amount of bitters available, oh yes!), with a chalkboard of beers and a chalkboard of wines complimenting the printed cocktail menu, and the food---oh my goodness, the food. What caught my eye: a vegan (dur) Bánh mì (the heavens are smiling down on Portlanders right now), an edamame mushroom burger (sounds weird, but I bet it's rad), coconut kale, and a buffalo chicken sandwich.  They're open until 2am every day of the week, and just like the Bye and Bye have a bangin' patio out back (most of which is non-smoking, score!)Now that I moved out of the Belmont neighborhood, I'll probably make it over only several times a week instead of every day, and probably only eat a million Bánh mìs instead of a trillion.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,11/19/2011,532,371,17,20,24>While it's been open for about a year, Cafe Hibiscus and I go back over twenty (though I didn't know it until three weeks ago).Twenty Nine Years Ago: Chef Martin Wyss leaves the Kahala Hilton returning to his roots by working with wife Jeannie to open the neighborhoody Swiss Inn in a supermarket strip mall on the outskirts of  Honolulu, HI.Twenty Eight to Eleven Years Ago: One of my earliest foodie memories, I recall sitting with my family in a dark overhead beamed European style chalet dining room, sipping an amazing slightly sweet savory Swiss Onion soup from a stone bowl (note: Childhood memories like half-remembered dreams are slippery at best).Eleven Years Ago: After a successful eighteen year run, one that would see Swiss Inn write it's own special chapter in Honolulu culinary history, Martin and Jeannie decide to retire and close their beloved eatery.Four Years Ago: The Wyss' give their blessing to daughter Jennie as she turns a selling-to-coworkers side project into a successful bottling and distribution of the family's secret Swiss dressing here in PDX. Three Years Ago: Setting up audio visual gear at a corporate event catered by the Wyss family, I rejoiced at the opportunity to devour a smörgåsbord of old school Swiss Inn favorites, but left wondering whether I'd ever do so again. Shortly after, but unrelated to this event, we packed up and moved to Portland.About  A Year Ago:  Unknownst to me, Jennie opens the deceptively named Cafe Hibiscus, a cute Alberta neighborhood joint serving her family's Swiss cuisine with a generous side of Aloha (Hawaiian style love, not the suburb pass Beavertron).Twenty Four Days Ago: My brother and sister-in-law meet Jennie at the Alberta street fair, promising to convince his brother (me) to return with him the next day for lunch. I don't remember everything he said, but "Swiss Inn" was enough.Twenty Three Days Ago: We show up at Cafe Hibisicus and are immediately treated like part of the Wyss Ohana ("family" for those who haven't seen Lilo and Stitch). I have my mind bending "Anton Ego Ratatouille" moment as I take a bite of the Swiss soup and myself both grown up and child simultaneously enjoying the same bowl. We order way more than five people should eat for lunch, but there are no complaints, at least not until we try getting up and walking (btw though not required, for maximum cost-effective-variety-sampling-action eating family style is totally recommended).Twenty Two Days to An Hour Ago: I edit pictures. I take more. I work. I play board games. I work. I procrastinate on writing this post. I reflect on the warmth and goodness of the Wyss family and our wonderful lunch. The Swiss Salat Teller, a sampling of all their salads is an order-every-time dish for me (along with the Swiss Onion Soup). Also loved the Rotisserie Chicken Sandwich, their classic Emince Zurichoise (pork cutlet in creamy mushroom sauce), and anything that has to do with either their spatzli or their garlic butter.This very moment: I finally finish writing about how an unlikely Swiss restaurant with Hawaiian roots causes a temporal collision of my past and my present, my old home and my new, and how I definitely think you should pay Jennie and Cafe Hibiscus a visit (name a another delicious 808 or PDX Swiss restaurant that treats you immediately like family, in fact name another Swiss restaurant, see what I mean).original blog post: pdxploration.com/2011/09
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,11/18/2011,126,2155,8,14,15>I used to be a two part man. Just pour some whiskey in my coke, Orange in my vodka, tonic in my gin and I'll be allllll right alllll night.Those days are pretty much over. Drinking isn't an Olympic sport like it used to be. Going to a bar just to suck down crappy beer or liquor while staring at myself in the bar back mirror for hours seems.... a little boring and quite unhealthy.So rather than destroy my entire evening and following day on a headache caused by cheap booze, I prefer to limit my portions to about four drinks tops, and in those four drinks, I want the good shit.Teardrop is where you go when you want the good shit. OK, Beaker and Flask, too. And well, yeah there's other places. So It's where you go if you want the good shit while in the Pearl. Surround yourself with gorgeous people and sip some awesome, awesome craft cocktails off an ever changing and quite expansive menu. Prepare to pay the price for these. This isn't $3.50 wells till twelve kind of action. It's $9 and up for flavors that intertwine with each other in ways that don't seem possible. The drinks are as pretty as the clientele, but don't worry. If you come in with jeans and a t-shirt they'll still serve you. But class it up a bit. Why not? There's not enough places in this town that you can get dressed up and make an evening out of. Teardrop is one for that kind of list.What the bartenders are doing here is amazing. I try to kill at least two drinks on every visit but since that damned menu rotates so much, I'm missing a ton of amazing drinks that, like Don's review states, could easily stand toe to toe with some of the best cocktail lounges anywhere.Portland has enough PBR to go around for years and years. Come to Teardrop if you're looking for something different. Something to impress.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/17/2011,78,198,5,9,8>This place is trouble. This is what I live for folks, quality at value prices. Scoff away at my picky frugal palette, but let me be me. It's delicious, fast and well priced, especially for how good it is! The teriyaki chicken lunch special is $5.50 with pot-stickers a soda, and a great portion. Definitely enough to feed 2 of me, or 1 of my husband. I'm partial to the Spicy Pork Teriyaki,  $1 to add on 3 pot-stickers. I'm not sure what they put in their pot-stickers but I'm hooked. There are lots of meal and combo options, lots of places to sit, and compared to most teriyaki places I've been, this one tastes pretty special. Not your run of the mill place where they toss some store bought teriyaki sauce in a wok with meat, but a place that thinks we're worth pleasing.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,11/16/2011,141,355,8,14,11>So it's not really an issue if your eyes are bigger than your stomach when it comes to Italian food, because as a default at Nonna Emilia, the portions are bigger than your face. "Well... my face. Yours is kinda small." Quipped the boyfriend as we drove into the busy parking lot on a Saturday night. After waiting about 20 minutes in the vestibule, packed with kids, couples, grandmas and grandpas, this Nonna Emilia newbie began to realize just what she was getting herself into. Everyone waiting talked of how hungry they were, while everyone on their way out carried boxes (yes, plural) of leftovers to take home. Obviously this is a place you come when you're craving pasta, as further evidenced by the mounds of noodles on platters at each table in the joint.  The menu offers all the typical, traditional Italian dishes, and it's a pretty safe bet that whoever you're with can find something.  I settled on tortellini and soup, thinking that a meal like that typically warrants smaller servings.  I was wrong.  After having a bowl of totally amazing minestrone and warm bread that would have been a perfect mean itself, the waitress put a huge plate of meat-tortellini down in front of me.  I managed to eat a 1/3 of it before surrendering to a to-go box of my own.The restaurant has an old-school, huge family outing vibe that I can only compare to Sayler's Old Country Kitchen yelp.com/biz/saylers-old waaay on the east side of Portland.  It's the type of place where you feel a little funny showing up with one other person, but a party of 10 feels totally fine.  Bring your parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles.... one of them is bound to pick up the tab, right?  With big groups of people, bustling waitresses, and an accordion player who will TOTALLY play classic rock, at Nonna Emilia you're bound to have a pretty decent time.
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,11/15/2011,434,336,13,13,12>I came to the other side of the river, guided by rumors of "the best shit in town". What I found didn't disappoint. I did a little research online, so I knew the Kenyan beans would abate my nagging desire for velvety sweetness and unctuous ribbons of caramel. Oh, and the "rush". I bought my bag and left. It was tempting to have some there, but wanted to save the stash for the morning. Their offer of a $15 mug, with a $15 gift certificate was too good to pass up. I did open the bag in the car, not being able to resist the intoxicating aroma. Bliss. The space is lovely. A mix of industrial, along with the warmth of wood and bamboo. As others have pointed out, it's not set up for hours of work on the laptop. I don't usually hang around coffee shops anyway. Portland, you and your micro roasters have turned me into a trembling fiend. Until next time, lova.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,11/14/2011,89,213,13,10,7>Where my 2010 tax returns will be spent. This is a big statement. I am an eater. and a drinker but so not someone to spend money in the beauty department. likely why i am single. But after weeks of stressier than stressy weeks and the realization that i had two blackheads on my forehead since nam, it was time for a facial.  i utilized the $20 off on the signature package on yelp. the coupon combined with 3948 5 star reviews led me to kris.  in addition to a spectacular facial, i got a hand massage (she didnt even comment on my ugly stublike hands with nails bitten since birth) and something i never thought i would do, a lash tint. i am low in the lash department and also lazy in the make up application department and cannot be more thrilled with the result. also low in the brow department, i get mini panic attacks when getting them waxed. the fear (which has been realized) of walking out with tranny brows has led me to years of plucking which leaves me with possibly worse totally uneven brows. not only was there literally no redness after the damage was done, my brows were the best ive ever had. i only hope i can restrain myself from "maintaining" kris's fine work with dull tweezers.I thought i was more of a massage person than a facial person. i would like to be both but finances prevent such luxuries. getting a facial from Kris though was like getting both.  once the feds hand over that check, i will be back.
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2011,11/13/2011,196,280,6,7,7>I heart PPC. A lot! These pies are incredibly delicious & I can't get enough! We ordered the pulled pork pastie & the beef & stout pie for dinner. Of those two the ppp was the favorite. The bbq flavor of the pulled pork & the coleslaw added with each bite was ugh, so good. I ate the whole damn thing. I didn't care for the dipping sauce since it was too vinegary but oh well.Word of advice. When ordering a pastie, pronounce pastie correctly. I pronounced it in the definition of an adhesive that's used to cover a woman's nipples. She ignored it & smiled as she scribbled down my order. The mispronunciation must happen more than once there.We also order two slices of dessert pies: chocolate peanut butter & chocolate bourbon hazelnut. Chocolate anything is good, right? So pretty much you can't go wrong with either of the two. Although I appreciated the chocolate peanut butter more; it was more smooth, creamy & not too overpowered with peanut butter.Another reason PPC is five stars in my book is there HH. Stop by M-F from 3-6pm for a pie & a pint for $7. Don't want or like beer? Try out the red or white wine for $4. This is a fantastic place & I'm so happy I finally got to try it. See you soon PPC!
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,12/24/2011,187,281,18,15,15>That's right - I'm reviewing a salon. Don't give me a bad time or I'll hit you with my purse!Although I spent decades with long hair, it was fine and straight (read: stringy) and I never liked it. Until about 6 months ago, I had been keeping it quite short. We're talking 3/8". I know, because I buzzed it myself with a 3/8" guard on the clippers. There I am in my Yelp profile pic, all buzzed. I was fine with that. Then I saw a pic of myself (from a Yelp event, no less) and I looked pretty much bald. Not that there's anything wrong with that - some of my best friends are bald and they look marvelous. Though I do not consider myself vain, I realized that I am NOT bald and wondered what it would be like to have hair again. So I put the clippers away and waited.When I was looking a bit shaggy, I decided that trimming it was beyond my abilities. I went to a neighborhood barber shop - the trim was OK if not very exciting. Several weeks later the shagginess returned and I returned to the same shop. A different barber sent me home where I complained to my wife that I now looked like a Republican! Don't get upset - I have several good friends who are Republicans. In a moment of weakness that I later came to regret, I even voted for one once. I just don't want to look like one. "You need to go to someone who knows what they're doing" was my wife's response. "Go to Josette".When we moved to Portland 5 years ago, Ronda had been going to the same stylist (Barbara) for most of 20 years. To find a replacement closer to our new home, she visited salon after salon in our neighborhood with Barbara along, evaluating salons, products, stylists to see which would make the grade. Barbara was strong in her recommendation that Josette at Au Salon was the one. Ronda has been thrilled with Josette's artistry - those of you who've seen her hair will know why.Deep down, I knew Ronda was right. Next time I started getting shaggy, I made an appointment with Josette. First let me say that Josette is a sweetheart and I thoroughly enjoy every minute I spend in her presence. Second, she knows hair! She immediately assessed the damage I had been subjected to by the barber and let me know that correcting it would take a few cuts. After the first, I looked pretty good. She expertly cut parts that were left too long and left parts that needed to grow out to give the right shape to match my beard. She took into consideration that I am never without a hat while outdoors and went for a cut that would look good with or without my hats. Two cuts by Josette later, I'm almost there. My hair looks marvelous. This from a guy who spent the first 62 years of his life not once liking his hair. It's not all Josette mind you. My hair turning white was not only an improvement over the "dirty blond" former color, it also changed in texture to have some body and a bit of curl. Bye bye fine and stringy. But what Josette has done with that pallet (especially when compared to the efforts of the local barbers) is, I believe, masterful.Josette is popular and you will have to wait a while to get in to have her do her thing on your hair. It's worth the wait. She's incredibly knowledgeable and talented, and she's just a joy.
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,12/23/2011,509,364,6,10,12>I am not a vinegary person, I am an olive oily person. That being said, I am now a changed (drinking vinegar) person per Ping, a Southeast Asian style drinking food restaurant in Old Town although I was initially scared when my lunch buddy  insisted we order a round with our mid day meal.It turns out drinking vinegars were made for me: not too sweet - allowing the true fruit flavors to shine, with plenty of carbonated water for 200% refreshment - especially when parched by way of a yam khai khem, the house salted duck egg with chilies, cilantro fish sauce, shallots, ginger, Chinese celery and cilantro. And especially when the drinking vinegars are made with rhubarb and raspberry.  The salapao, a thai style steamed bun stuffed with sweet shredded pork and topped with fried shallots was also on the ladies-who-lunch menu.  I don't always eat meat, but when I do, I like it shredded. And stuffed into a soft carbohydrate.  Delish!It seemed every other person lunching at Ping was munching on yam yais: a thai style green leaf lettuce adorned with peanuts, shrimp, shredded chicken, tofu, hard boiled eggs, cucumber, and bean sprouts laced in a tangy peanut dressing. It could have been because this was the warmest days of the year (hitting 71 degrees). This salad was refreshing and nutritious. Something I could eat every 70+ degree day.I am excited to return to Ping. Most likely for happy hour and a cocktail spiked drinking vinegar. The rhubarb drinking vinegar, just recently introduced to the menu, is seasonal. Get it while it's (not) hot!
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,12/22/2011,645,1150,9,16,10>I always assumed from driving by the Hollywood Burger Bar that this was a trendy burger joint, kinda like the one across the street that opened late last year.Awarding five stars might be a little extravagant.  The food is four stars, but the cheap prices, unique interior and friendly service makes for five stars on my ledger.  I ended up here this past Thursday around noon after being stunned at the discovery that the Green Castle Food Court was now out of business (visions of a pork belly steamed bun from Hot Boxx had been dancing in my head).At HBB, I was greeted by a gentleman that might have seen age eighty come and go a few years back.   I could have sat at the snug bar, where there was a little gold placard that stated that one particular stool was reserved for Melanie Mon-Fri 7-8AM.  But instead, I opted for a table.  The interior has probably never been updated, reflecting a 1920s or 30s style.  I loved that the original elaborately carved moldings were still in place.Yes, there were a variety of burgers, but the surprise was that breakfast is served here all day long!  I went with the flagship Hollywood Burger, fries and a chocolate shake, billed as super thick on the menu.  And they weren't a kiddin'!  The shake was so thick that the top of the shake was sticking a couple inches above the cup's rim!  The most amazing shake I have ever seen. Quite the buy too, going for only $3.50!  You can have your shake made with chocolate ice cream, or made with vanilla ice cream and chocolate sauce.  I much prefer the vanilla ice cream/chocolate sauce method.  The burger was $5.50, and yes indeedy do, included fries!   An excellent burger with an oh-so-soft bun.  On the paper-covered tray, on which the burger was served, they had laid out the tomato, pickle, lettuce and white onions which I added to the burger as I saw fit.  Kudos for HBB opting to serve white onions.  Man, I love white onions so much better than red onions, which have become ridiculously ubiquitous these days. The fries were appropriately crispy and salty.Hollywood Burger Bar is a gem.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2011,12/21/2011,87,106,7,17,16>I'M SPOILED.  I live in St. Johns and I'm absolutely spoiled.  Places like Occidental Brewing don't make it any easier for me to think that maybe, just possibly, one day I will move out of this neighborhood and feel the intense separation anxiety one gets when pulled away from his/her soul mate.  I don't claim to know anything about beer.  Really, anything at all, but I know what I like and I like this place.  Tasters (4 ox pours) are $1 and if you want to try all 5 beers on tap, go right ahead.  The owner was telling me that one of his regulars will stop by and only drink tasters, this way if he's just passing by he drinks one or two instead of an entire glass.  It comes out to the same price anyway, $4 for a half-liter. At first I was shy, you know these German-style beers can sometimes give off the vibe that they're supposed to be sipped by the beer elites.  But after sitting down, playing a game of dominoes, I eased into things. It's a small operation, but the beers made a huge impact on me.  I am in love with their current season, the Dunkelweizen.  A dark wheat beer that reminded me of bananas and brown sugar in my oatmeal.  So go there, sit and drink beer, and think about how lucky I am to live in this neighborhood.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/20/2011,194,499,16,25,21>*sigh* I really do love this market and giggle with joy that it is so close to home. I make a mess of myself in the meat department, every time. The staff here is so kind; they see me geeking in bobbing my head back and forth looking at everything and quickly switch to English. They want you to feel welcome, they want to tell you about their product and get you in and out fast most times.The cuts of the meat are a little different than what you will see in the average market, but it is cut, trimmed and handled impeccably. The chicken is lovely; I lose it big with oxtails and giggle under my breath at how cheap they are. Their specialty is the cheaper cuts, roasts, thin sliced meats for grilling, stuff like that.I have a pound of the chorizo that I hauled home today. It's different than the stuff I am used to from SoCal. Much leaner, natural casings, aged and spiced more like a Spanish chorizo than the greasier, less complex style I know from LA. $3.69 a pound and they make it there. Take home a wad and play with it. Get four pounds of fresh corn tortillas and together you have spent about five dollars. Yeah.The fresh cheeses? Just get yourself a quarter pound of the different types, take them home and nibble on them. You will recognize tastes, if not the same textures to ones that you already know from different parts of the world. Silly cheap.The salsas are good, but a little acidic and have a little more heat than I like so I take them home and doctor them a little, which is ten times cheaper and twenty times easier than preparing them myself.The produce section makes me drop to my knees; really good stuff here--not all prettified like upscale places, but the quality is very good and they approach their product by taste more than by looks. On the bits you are not sure about; watch the ladies that shop here; they know what they are doing.The cow "piggy" banks are about the size of a small dog and make me giggle, along with all the other goofy terra cotta painted doodads up above the produce. $14.95 for the bank and I just know that I'm going to buy one. Take a look at them and steal a glance at those she-cow udders; humpa bang!Do Not Get Me Started on the Bakery. Fin. OK, wind me up. Good stuff, the celebratory cakes are chi chi-ed up and kind of campy, the sweet breads and rolls are really very good. Just grab a tray and tongs and load up on it.They have deals on a couple of roasted chickens or pork with all the goodies for less than twenty bucks that will feed four with a good amount left over.The parking lot is a fright show, with the Human Bean, the pho restaurant, Goodwill and general madness going on all the time, but that's part of the experience.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,12/18/2011,78,202,6,6,5>Boy am I glad that Robo Taco replaced the previous late-night Mexican restaurant that was here.  So much better!!!I ordered three tacos cause I like variety bitches!  1-Carnitas2- Asada3- Al PastorI listed them in the order that I ate them...  By far the al pastor was my favorite.. it was juicy, tender, flavorful and all around just a delightful taco.  Next, I will try a burrito.. probably after hitting up Sassy's and SUPER hungry!Mmmm boobs and tacos.. wait, I mean boobs and taqueria.  Ha, yeah that sounds better.  :)Robo Taco has awesome hours too!  Breakfast, Lunch, Dinner: 10 am- 11pm Monday - Wednesday. 10am- 3:30am Thursday, Friday and Saturday.One con I have to mention- they don't have Cholula.  Boo!  Get it please.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,12/17/2011,36,146,6,6,6>It's ridiculous that I haven't reviewed this place yet.  We've been known to come here three times in one week, and this is very far from our 'hood.The ice cream is very good: rich, creamy, and smooth.  The prices are actually pretty competitive when compared to Ben & Jerry's, Baskin Robbins and other local small shops.  The flavors are wild and delicious.We've tried just about every flavor they've had, and they have a large batch of rotating flavors.  Try the melon & coppa if it's around still.  My new favorite is the bourbon pecan pie which I usually couple with another ice cream (last time was snickerdoodle) and cover with hot fudge. You can eat the ice cream at the shop, or have them pack you a pint to go.  We've been the dessert heroes every time we've brought Salt & Straw to a gathering.  It's worth going out of your way to come here.
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2011,12/16/2011,104,97,8,14,15>Same great food at new fancy digs.Got lucky to go to the soft opening.Kim Chee still the best. The BEST !!Other don't misses are the brisket roll,Pork neck, and the Eel Pike. Currently there is no sign, or anythingother than the address to let you know you're in the right place. Very soft opening.If you missed this women's food at her old spot in NW.Don't miss it here. I still highly recommend the Omakase (chef tasting),ranging in price from $15-$25 per person.You get a lot of food. I spend $20. Drink heavy, they have a full bar,nice Sakes, Beers, and like well behaved drunks.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,12/15/2011,97,506,4,20,14>We stopped in here on the night of their soft opening (10/20/11) and the place was already mostly full at 6:30.  The space is a long series of rooms just like it was when it was Alba Osteria, but they've built out the kitchen so that it's an open kitchen so you can walk right by and watch the cooks in action. The menu was modest in scope, mainly burgers and small plates, but everything we had was top quality, made fresh, and seasonal. We started with the fried "kimchee" pickles, which were hot & tasty, but really just spicy fried pickles. After that we had the beet fritters, which were outstanding, served with a dressed salad of arugula and goat cheese. As everyone knows, goat cheese & beets are a match made in heaven, so this was delicious. We each had a burger as well, and both were generously sized and perfectly cooked. I had the "seasonal" burger, topped with a brilliant combo of bacon, balsamic aioli and a squash compote. The fries on the side were hand-cut and perfectly crispy. Service was actually pretty good, considering it was opening night. They have 4 guest beers on right now, all NW regionals (Laurelwood, Double Mountain, Bayern, and Burnside.)They don't have their own beers on yet as they haven't gotten the brewery built out yet at this location. The manager explained that they are still waiting on federal (BATF) permits to actually build the brewing plant, and they estimate they will have that up and running within 2 months. I'm reserving the 5th star until I can taste their beer, but if it's anything as good as the food, this place will be an instant neighborhood classic.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2011,12/14/2011,122,59,14,16,17>This will not be over quickly.You MIGHT enjoy this.With apologies to The Beatles (and everyone else)..."Woke up, got out of bedDragged a comb across my headFound my way downstairs and drank a cupAnd looking up, I noticed I was lateFound my coat and grabbed my hatMade the bus in seconds flatFound my way upstairs and had a smokeAnd somebody spoke and I went into a dream"Well, actually, I was late...for jury duty.  But thanks to my trusty steed, I managed to get smartparked and into the room for the start of the...ummm...festivities.  And yes, somebody spoke...and I may have fallen asleep...but there was no dream.  Bummer.However, about the time I was actually getting called for a live jury (first time) I had an epiphany...I can go to Built To Grill for lunch!!!Maybe that was the dream part... (insert vocalized ahhhh ahhhh ahhhh here)An extended lunch break arrives and I'm outta there and down to 3rd and Washington.  This will be my third time to eat there (damn the location) and I already know what I'm having...Pennea laVodkaThree words which, when combined, cause my heart and mouth to sing (strangely, it sometimes sounds like a happy Beatles song...think Ob Li Di Ob Li Da).Arriving there, I saw that both B2G Bubba and his lovely partner, Aisha, were already in full pasta/sandwich production plumage.  Aisha in her Beatles shirt (yeah...blame her for this mess) and Brooke, with his wee, beady eyes...*Actually, as an aside, I challenge you to find anyone as friendly and efficient as dear Bubba while working a lunch rush at one of the most popular food carts in the city.  If you do, I will meet you there for lunch.*I stepped up to the plate, all Casey At The Bat, Aisha pitched, and I swung away!Those three magical words tumbled off of my lips and the process was begun (there was much joy in Mudville that day).I dropped the rest of a ten in the tip box...and, after taking a seat by the side window, I realized that I had neglected to order a drink in my pasta-sponsored reverie...  I must have said something out loud, because Aisha asked me what I wanted.  Told her that I was out of cash (which she'd seen me drop on her) and she just gave it up (the Limonata, that is...behave, you).  Seriously, who does that?"I read the news today, oh boyFour thousand holes in Blackburn, LancashireAnd though the holes were rather smallThey had to count them allNow they know how many holes it takes to fill the Albert Hall"Well, as I sat there in rapt anticipation, it certainly felt like there were 4000 holes in my stomach...as cavernous as the Albert Hall, easily.  But soon my patience would be rewarded...a small package handed to me...warm...steaming...Pennea laVodkaWords fail...but I can say, without hesitation, that you could have taken this box, run to any Italian joint in town, gone into the kitchen, turned it over onto a plate and served it as a menu item for 3 times the cost.  The only response from the sitting patron would be that of wonderment at when the kitchen upgraded their staff to serve such a culinary gem.Yes...it's that good.  Bubba is a pasta-cooking fool who knows his shit...period.  So get thee to the unassuming cart at 3rd and Washington with all the people queued up.  You won't regret a moment spent there.They'd love to turn you on.*This has been a hyperbole-free review.  Any similarities to people, living or (grateful) dead, is fully intended.
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,9/19/2011,113,92,13,22,18>I think I handed Zack at Sound Choice a nightmare.  A 2 year radio installation drama.  A couple years ago I went to a less than reputable auto plaything type store and had a premium sound system put in to the D's CRV, new speakers, built in Bluetooth, the whole nine yards.  A cool birthday present, right?  Nothing was too good for my little commuter.  A year and 2 days, yep, 2 days after the warranty expires this premium system dies.  We decided to go to another local shop (not an evil chain run by semi-reformed teenage car stereo thieves) and get a whole new system.  So here we go again, awesome system, ipod hookup, Bluetooth, HD radio, upgraded speakers, added 2 new speakers, we wanted the little Honda to rock!  Alas, 5 visits to this local shop later and it wasn't right but we decided to cut our losses and live with it.Flash forward another year and a few weeks (yep, another expired warranty), we get up one morning and the car is dead.  Jump the car thinking it is a fluke, but the next day, dead again.  We take the car to a dealership for troubleshooting (The D starts dreaming of new cars).  After a few hundred dollars the dealership throws up their hands and says there is a power drain in the scary looking black box that has something to do with said cool after market stereo system.  Said dealership says, we don't do no stinkin' after market stereos and they unplug it all so I don't have to start each day jumping the D's car.Enter Zack at Sound Choice.  I called Zack and explained the problem and said I would gladly pay someone who knew what they were doing to make the D a happy rockin' commuter once again.  Zack did the right thing, he warned me about all the things that could be wrong and drive up the price, but he assured me he could make it right and he would do the right thing.  AND DELIVERED ON THAT PROMISE!Zack pulled the old deck out and found the nightmare, a really bad installation job covered over by a second really bad installation job.  He just started over, he pulled all the equipment out and reinstalled the whole mess.  He even suggested a new cradle for the D's phone so she could have it right handy (and anyone who knows the D knows she loves to have her phone handy!).  He corrected the evil installation, got the D rockin' once again and sent us on our way.  All for around $200, an absolutely awesome deal.  He had the opportunity to up sell the hell out of me and he didn't, truly a good guy.  The D is happy, which means I am happy.  Now go make Zack happy and visit his shop!
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2011,9/18/2011,457,244,22,15,22>When I was a kid we didn't wear bike helmets. Why should we?  We didn't need to; we were invincible.  We roamed the streets in the hot summer months like a pack of ravage but house broken dogs on two wheels.  We had free reign of Portland as long as we were home by dark and let our parents know where we thought the sun soaked days might take us. We didn't have cell phones to constantly check in with. We had our bikes, a few bucks for Slurpee's or an Arctic Circle burger and a dwindling number of summer vacation days and an entire city still to explore.  The nickel arcade, movie theaters, the mall, downtown, pick-up basketball games, a friend's house, the river...it didn't matter where we were headed, it was a given that we were going by bike.  You didn't expect us to take the bus did you?  Fuck exact change, the last thing we wanted to do was get jammed into the hot sauna of public transportation with a bunch of people that already smelled bad, when we had the freedom of our trusty pedal and chain steeds.  It was our pre-car choice of transportation long before Portland was "Bike City", long before it was environmentally correct, long before Global Warming and long before people decided to do it naked.  No green bike lanes, no bike safety education and definitely no helmets; traffic had to deal with us, not the other way around.  Sure there was the occasional crash or collision.  A scrape here, a little bit of road rash there, but we always emerged relatively unscathed and with no long lasting damage.  Maybe back then there was less traffic, less aggression, or people just knew to be on the lookout for kids on bikes during the summer.  It wasn't "cool" back then; it was just the way of life for a kid in the city.We would fearlessly bomb down Mt Tabor or Rocky Butte with the wind smacking us in the face like nature's dick; me wearing nothing but a pair of OP corduroy shorts, Public Image t-shirt and Body Glove neon sunglasses. We didn't fear the fall.  We didn't think about crashing.  We were concerned with how fast we could go and where our wheels would take us next.Compared to today's coddled kids, we were mother fucking half pint rock stars. Well times change.  We mature, have families and maybe lose a little in the reflex department. We also cave to pressure.  And we have a precious Lil Dictator whose noggin we got to protect.  So this rehabbed child of the 80's suddenly found himself needing to get bike helmets for the entire family. But ones that don't suck, or make me look like I'm a douche bag Lance Armstrong wanna be. Because I'm not.  I wanted something bad ass, something with flames, bitches, skulls, beer, mayhem and debauchery.  Instead, I settled for one that looked like something Evil Kenival would wear. And well, he was bad ass, right?  So I went to the Bike Commuter and they hooked me up, along with helmets for the TLB & Lil Dictator. Nice guys, local shop, good stuff.I'll definitely be back soon as I realized that I may need a new bike seat.  Mine is a little too hard, and you certainly won't catch me wearing some of those crotch hugging, padded bike shorts any time soon...unless OP makes some in corduroy.
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,9/17/2011,188,386,7,6,9>Nine seats for brunch on a Sunday: reservations trump the line; no wait, suckaz.Nine bodies scoot around in a narrow space: no fatties, please; gastronomical denial.Nine menus lay it out: this might get heavy, man; add eggs to a dinner et voila -- breakfast.Nine voices: heads lean in; strain slightly to hear above the din.Nine dishes promptly arrive: intimidating in girth and quality; sweet and savory, but mostly savory.Nine forks raise: plates attacked and neighboring bounties sampled; pardon my boarding-house reach.Nine plates clean as whistles: we don't need no stinking boxes.Nine bills: some pay with plastic; no need to worry.Nine bellies full: don't hug too tight; I might explode.
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2011,9/16/2011,187,281,4,9,5>Visited LPH right after my steam room session at Common Ground Everett House a couple of blocks away - in need of hydration. Country Boy IPA did the trick. Recommended by the friendly, neighborhood bartender from amongst the 3 IPAs on tap, I'm glad I tried it. Brewed by Everybody's Brewing in White Salmon WA (a skip across the Mighty Columbia from Hood River), I'll be looking for this offering.I also had a BLT which, despite those pale things that pass for winter tomatoes, was very tasty. The pickle spear (these things are big for me) was excellent. Also some killer potato salad.When I first contemplated this review I was thinking 4 stars. I mean, I wasn't blown away. But when I put it into perspective - what do I want from a kitschy neighborhood pub? - I couldn't think of any reason to dock a star.
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,9/15/2011,145,218,9,12,12>When the St Johns Bridge isn't looking, I come here and photograph and spend time with this bridge.  Please don't tell on me!  I like to walk across the river on the top level, holding my breath as the Max and buses make it shake, what feels like a foot in every direction, and you can feel every vibration.  Setting foot on the concrete is so comforting, you want to do it all again. I don't care for taking the pedestrian path on the bottom because I seem to get in everyone's way, I like to take my time with the bridgesIt is the most useful and 2nd most beautiful bridge in the city.
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2011,9/14/2011,94,218,7,10,9>I hate Portland!  I hate it for having so many damn good restaurants that I end up sounding fickle.  Seems a lot of my reviews state something like "one of my favorites" in one form or another.  Well, here I go again!I wanted to have a nice celebration dinner at a place with great food and drink, a place I hadn't been before.  Laurelhurst Market came to mind, my boyfriend looked at the menu and we called to try to get reservations last night.  They don't take reservations but the host asked when we would arrive and we told her 20 minutes.  She kindly offered to put our name on the list so we wouldn't have a long wait when we arrived (it was Father's Day so they were very busy!).Our server was friendly and knowledgeable about the food but the heck with talking about him.  Let's just get down to the food.There aren't words in the English language that could do justice to the duck confit salad so I won't even try to describe it.  Just take my word for it and go EAT IT NOW!   I want the recipe for the tarragon dressing!The fries were perfectly crisp on the outside and soft inside with just the right amount of salt.I had the Belgian style clams.  Again, just go and order some.  You won't be sorry.My boyfriend had the flat iron steak and said it was the best he has ever had.  For the life of me I can't figure out why it has taken me so long to try this place out.  I will be back soon!
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,9/13/2011,72,144,8,7,7>Holy Punk Rock Shop Batman! This is a perfect store for a kid like me..... I acquire most of my music from shows I see. I like the band, I buy their music. For the past 7 years, I have been buying mostly vinyl, as it is more special. You can't duplicate a pressing, and you hasten to lend that sweet record out to your irresponsible friends that don't know how to fondle vinyl properly. That being said, It's sometimes hard to go to a Cramps show and pick up a record because they don't exist any longer. Enter Green Noise. I LOVE Music. I LOVE shopping. I HATE shopping for music. I find it too overwhelming. I want it all, I cannot pick. Luckily, Green Noise is Just the right size to stop that from happening. Two levels adorned with old show bills and posters of bands I adore, are great for inspiration. The 1st level was bins (mostly vinyl, some Cd's) stuffed with old punk bands I loved, and newer Garage Bands that I am making room in my heart for. (A lot of local!!-- Its more than amusing to pick up a bands record only to find out that you were at their house for a party last weekend.) 2nd level was more vinyl, but not so much on the punk/garage bias. Everything reasonably priced around $10-$12. I found my golden goose quickly, as everything is arranged in a sensible manner. The new arrival bin is definitely worth a perusal. The best part? I didn't feel an ounce of judgment or pretension coming from the dude working the shop on my choice of purchases, as I am acutely aware that no self respecting "punk" should ever be caught dead purchasing a post-Danzig Live Misfits album.
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,9/12/2011,64,120,15,19,17>"Let's dance."These two simple words are capable of striking more fear into hearts of men than confronting a mama grizzly bear in heat.  No other phrase is capable of eliciting a larger stammering string of redirection and excuses.  In fact, I think more men would rather endure being aggressively frisked by a clumsy, unattractive TSA agent than hit the dance floor.Men, you owe it to yourself to learn how to dance.  Contrary to popular belief, straight shots of tequila do not enhance your dancing abilities, nor do they make you more appealing to the females in your midst.  What you need are some dancing lessons!I've never really had much fear of making an ass out of myself on the dance floor, but the prospect of finally taking some formal dance lessons couldn't help but elicit some nervousness on my part.  However, like I imagine the military boot camp experience to be, any apprehension that you may feel is quickly thrown out of the window.You don't need to bring a dancing partner to these things; in fact, doing so does not serve any purpose because you rotate partners frequently.  This is important, as it was explained to me, because you will pick up bad habits if you dance with the same person all the time.  You may think that doing turns with a six-foot-four male airline pilot may sound a little unusual, but it sure teaches you how to lead properly!  In addition, the pilot kindly gave me some good tips along the way.My preconception about West Coast Swing was that it was an old-fashioned dance, but that really isn't the truth. West Coast Swing dance can be applied to almost any kind of music with a dance beat; it is quite fluid and adaptable.Chris Jones has being doing this type of instruction for a while, and also DJ's some of the group dances around town.  He definitely takes an acute interest in the success of his students and it shows!  Watching the group transform from complete neophytes into passable swing dancers over a couple of months was interesting to watch.Although I've just completed the first string of eight group lessons, I feel good enough to practice the art in non-formal settings.  I'm sure that a trained West Coast Swing practitioner could pick out dozens of flaws in my technique, but I've found that in real life it doesn't really matter that much.  The ladies are perfectly happy to get out there and be twirled around.Stop making excuses, get out there and dance!
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2011,9/11/2011,110,230,4,6,4>(*metal voice*)   Where is best punk rock pizza place in the Northwest? Sizzle pie!  Ive had Pizza with band names and Title tracks that taste delicious as if they are music to my ears.   The Slices they had me picking from  me mixing it up with their carnivore to vegetarian to vegan selections. they are all good from Pig destroyer, Spinal tap  and Rudimentary penne and much more, all the pies are delicious, and I'm putting my native New York reputation on the line when I say that. I also recommend going for the any pie and salad for $6 special. my Favorite salad is the Rabbits, which is red leaf lettuce , "bacon" bits, hot peppers, tomatoes,croutons and their house made vegan ranch dressing. but hey I have not even explore any of their other salads because Ive been fixed on the Rabbits .  They are starting to make breaskfest inspired pizza for their weekend only brunch from 11am to 5pm on the weekends that are eggs and kegs style, with your side of your morning beer, but I'm edge so I'll be drowning my problems with Mexican Cola Also their pizza's are not the only thing that is rocking, their jukebox is filled with (old)Metallica, Black Sabbath, The Misfits  and Pig Destroyer just to name some. Those who are about to eat at Sizzle Pie! I salute you!
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,9/10/2011,147,332,4,12,9>This review is for the new Service Bay Bar. A favorite local jazz bass player (Andre St. James)  was booked with a quartet and S.U. had an evening class,  leaving me free for dinner,  so I took advantage.The SBB books a wide range of performers.  The space is similar to the adjacent BV Cafe but more open. The stage is in the back of a long room so you can adjust the volume by sitting closer, in the booths or further back at the bar or on sofas and tables. One problem with booths is that half the folks have to turn to see the stage. I was there first so it wasn't MY problem but, a consideration. The food was decent, straight up cafe fare with a nod towards some veggie options. My burger and salad was just fine.  Good range of local beers, draft and bottle. This night had a $5 cover which I consider dirt cheap for the quality of music and players. I was joined by a couple of Yeeps and later by the Spousal Unit.  More music venues are good. It means more live music. Inexpensive and unpretentious music venues are good, especially with quality jazz players. There's a place for the fancy jazz supper clubs, for the Jazz Jam joints and for the local bar with a band. Great jazz can be found in all of them.Support live local music! I'm a fan!
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2007,5/27/2007,634,500,3,2,1>Shopping with free drinks... Whats not to like? The prices are high but the costumer service and the product are worth it. If only I was independently wealthy...
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2007,5/26/2007,77,67,5,4,4>There's only one thing that I don't like about this restaurant, and it's the menu.  Stomach pump isn't on there!  Yes, I did feel as though I would need one after the HUGE dessert that was placed in front of my goggling eyes and gaping mouth (with drool running down my chin, no doubt).  Sitting in front of me was the Raspberry Gateau.  Fallen chocolate souffle topped by whole berries and red current glaze. Bordered with bittersweet chocolate ganache.  DELICIOUS!  Once I started eating it, stopping me would be like trying to stop a freight train.  Of course, I practically inhaled the thing.The presentation was absolutely amazing: a piece of art!  Sadly, the artwork didn't stand a chance because I was armed with fork and knife and anyone who wanted a bite would have had to fight to the death.The food came out very quickly and the service was excellent.  The atmosphere was mellow and very soothing.  Thank God for that because after tackling that beast of a cake, I was utterly miserable.  A stomach pump would have been helpful.  However, the pros most definitely outweigh the cons.  Five stars!  Eat you're hearts out here!
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2007,5/25/2007,65,151,1,1,3>A few years ago, my parents and brother sadly moved to Oregon to escape California job shortage, ridiculous real estate, and smog/smug.  It depressed me for a few months but thanks to Saburo, their move is slightly sweeter.  I will be the first to admit that I am in no way an Oregonian or even an Oregon enthusiast.  I love California.  I'll even gladly take my sales tax so long as I can stay here.  But God help me, what I would do for someone to plop a Saburo somewhere closer to me!Our usual routine is to show up around 4:30 to get a decent spot in line (usually Mom or Dad sits with a deck of cards and starts up a game of black jack with other Saburo devotees) then check out the little stores nearby until we can get in, put our eatin' dresses on, and begin to gorge.  I'm sure sushi purists would want to gouge out their eyes and sew them shut in hopes of never having to see something as atrocious as the bastardization of sushi that occurs here.  Still, the giant (and I mean HUGE) rolls are a godsend for those who just want some yum  yum in their tum tum.Besides... no sushi roll, no matter how large, is as big of a bastardization of sushi unless cream cheese is added to it.  *shudder*
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2007,5/24/2007,537,588,1,6,5>Oldest Park in Washington!  ...And free WI-FI (by the Gazebo) ! ! ! Vancouver's a great city.  I like it here!!!  It's my first day here in Washington.  It's overcast, warm and breezy.  Thank god there ain't no rain!  The Esther Short Park is just across the street from the Hilton (see: yelp.com/biz/tJTO7Vlt6Zu ) and the small and quaint Farmer's Market.  It's got a great park playground for the kiddies and clean restrooms.   It's a beautiful public space!  More parks should be modeled after this area.Unfortunately this FREE Wi-FI doesn't extend into the Hilton.  C'est la vie...======scraped from the wi-fi login page:Esther Short Park may be the oldest public square in the State of Washington, but there's nothing old fashioned about its Free wireless internet service!The City of Vancouver is OPEN for Business as demonstrated by this Free Wi-Fi service made available through a dynamic partnership of the following:    * Richard and Patty Keller Family    * Hewlett-Packard    * Electric Lightwave, Inc.    * Eleven Wireless, Inc.    * City of Vancouver.For more information visit the City of Vancouver's web site at: cityofvancouver.us .---Established in 1853, Esther Short Park was bequeathed to the city at the death of its namesake in 1862 and made Vancouver's town square. Various attractions, including a skating rink, a wading pool and a railroad engine, have since come and gone. The Park underwent a major renovation in 2000. The Park is the site of many concerts and festivals which draw thousands to downtown Vancouver.
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2006,5/23/2007,98,242,1,1,1>A perfect business hotel located right next to Intel's Hillsboro campus.  They have free wifi, complementary continental breakfasts, a workout room, and whirlpool.  Parking is readily available and free.  Would definitely recommend and for those poker fans there's a poker tournament every wednesday at 6 pm.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2007,5/22/2007,24,184,5,5,1>I have finally found home away from home!  I've searched high and low, close and far and finally have found the closest thing to san jose pho.  The only downfall is that the noodles are a little over cooked.  but who cares, they make their broth so perfect, so beefy, soo........ drrooooll....$6.50 for Pho Dac Biet (the special)$6.00 for a large of whatever meats you want$5.50 for a small.the meats are plentiful and they get the onions right; thinly sliced and lots of it!  They also offer pho ga (chicken pho) bun (vermicelli bowls) com dia (rice plates) and some Thai entrees.  I'm normally skeptical towards hybrid restaurants, but damn this is an acception.  The minute i opened the door, a strong funk of pho filled the air, my clothes, my hair, and that is how i know, i found it.  Seriously, i've been to many other pho places that don't reek of pho and i don't smell bad which is something you need in order to figure you just had a damn good bowl of pho.
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2007,5/21/2007,2,6,1,2,2>This is my home away from home in the summer. You can literally find me there 2-7 times a week. From all the places I have tried, Sushi Land by far has the best and most fresh at a very low price. Not to mention they get really creative with there sushi and are always making new kinds like the cream cheese asparagus  for example one of my favs!!  Usually when I go I never spend over $7 (unless I hit up the bar that is :P.) Great location, low price,  OK service, Delicious sushi!!!
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2007,5/20/2007,0,0,1,2,2>Hotel Lucia is fancy. It's nice. It's expensive. But really not TOO expensive. My friend and I had a beautiful room with two double beds for $135.00. The people who worked there were great. It was like they put out an ad calling all 20-somethings to apply. And oddly enough, they're all 20-somethings without attitude. The desk people were SO nice. We wandered in on a Saturday afternoon, completely buzzed with joy, as I had found out just moments before I had been accepted to law school. We told the front desk people why we were so beside ourselves, and were practically bombarded with excited congratulations from each employee there. My friend and I then left to do some shopping and returned to our lovely room to find -- What's this?! -- a bottle of nice champagne on ice and two chocolate truffles!! Needless to say, dancing to Queens of the Stone Age provided by our in-room ipod dock commenced. We were also allowed to check out at 1pm the next day, as the 20-something desk people were hip to our celebratory debauchery the night before. Thanks, Hotel Lucia!
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2006,5/19/2007,210,160,1,3,6>A great place to visit after a Friday night concert (RHCP) at the Rose Garden.  In addition to the usual freaks, hipsters, junk food, good food, jewelry and art there is free music, two stages and, at least on my visit, it was GOOD.  I discovered "Chronicle", Portland's own reggae band and had a wonderful time listening to the tunes, chattin' it up with others who were chillin' with a beer, a PUPUSA and just having a relaxing Saturday afternoon.  This outdoor market is also alive and kickin' on Sundays.  Excellent access to public transportation and more traditional shopping.
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2007,5/18/2007,15,24,3,4,3>Aw man, it's not happy hour. I guess we can't go to Oba. YES YOU CAN. I was in Portland for all of 12 hours and I happened to choose Oba for dinner after a quick internet search. Yes, it's true. The decor is nice, the people are fancy, and apparently the happy hour specials are great.But, the unsung hero at Oba's is the "Roasted Butternut Squash Enchiladas." This may be one of my top 5 favorite dishes, ever! The subtleties of the flavors, the excitement of unexpected ingredients, the fact that the quinoa was not only edible but damn good.Now, just a side note, the Mojitos were the most awful concoctions this side of Mexican tap water. But, at least they had lots of alcohol.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,11/7/2014,490,208,6,11,11>I went to this studio when I first moved to Portland. I think about it often.I'm not sure why I've put off this review as long as I have. I ADORE this studio. I've taken many different yoga classes over the years in both California and here in Portland (everything from community college classes to trendy studios), this is by far my favorite studio.The space itself is clean and inviting. There's just this relaxing aura about it that I can't quite explain, but it gives me a sense of peace that other studios really don't.The instructors are very passionate about yoga. They all have varying styles, but all have a lot to offer.  Yoga has been such an important part of my life the past few years-- the "mental workout" paired with a physical workout is very, very valuable. I've been learning and trying to get into meditation lately and I can't recommend it enough.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,11/6/2014,72,150,5,6,7>So the gem from my nose ring fell out as my husband and I were moving cross country. Perfect timing. A week after living in Portland I decided I couldn't handle the shiny booger anymore and ventured out to two different tattoo parlors to find a replacement. The first place I went to was closed despite the hours on the door, but High Class was open and easy to find.I was immediately greeted when I came in and let the guys know I found them on Yelp! C'mon y'all, Yelp ain't so bad ;)Anyways I told them my sitch and Shawn helped me pick out a beautiful opal NeoMetal nose stud. I didn't know how it worked since I was used to just a plain gem on an L bend frame, but the new one just pops in and snaps together. He had to put it in for me which kinda hurt (especially since I didn't really know what was happening) but it took like 2 seconds.I love the jewelry, I just wish it didn't stick so far out of my nose (I have a tiny nose). I will definitely be back to get my next piercing here, which I am currently deciding on. The 2 for $25 piercing seems like a great deal as well! These guys were super nice which made a big difference to me not only because I am 2500 miles away from 'home' but because customer service matters, even in a tattoo shop where everyone is too cool for school. haha yeahhh I'm here all night folks!
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,11/5/2014,222,197,5,6,7>As a rule I am not terribly crafty. The idea of sewing or measuring or cutting gives me the vapors. The idea of looking at a pattern and actually creating a piece of art does not compute with me:)Jamie the shop owner has the patience of a saint as she takes the time to explain and show even those of us ( like me) who are incredibly awkward and novice when it comes to wielding a pair of scissors, running a sewing machine or following a pattern.This quilt shop and fabric store takes the scary out of everything. Jamie and her partner in crime Rhonda are both not only incredibly friendly but they really know their stuff. Jamie has this uncanny eye for color - she can put together the most amazing combinations of colors and patterns than anyone I know.The shop is bursting at the seams with fabrics, and notions, and amazing arrays of colors, patterns and textures. One almost feels like a kid in a candy store!The store is located right off of Highway 30 in St. Helens- easy to access off the main road. The layout of the shop is big, open and accessible.Jamie has this pretty cool thing called a stitch and bitch- i'm not exactly sure what day it's on but it's a time to come together and bring your machine and so have a drink and bitch:)I believe she offers classes and has an area for cutting, selling and pressing.The fabric is high-end but her prices are incredibly reasonable. She also has a lot of how to books for ding-a-lings who like me who are not crafty:).The coolest thung about this place is that Jamie lives and breathes her craft. It's clearly apparent that she's not doing this just to make a living she actually loves what she's doing and this is her passion.And nothing is better than living your passion:)She's 19 miles outside of Portland and it's a lovely scenic drive past Sauvies Island and really worth the trip - and we've even known people to stop at her shop on the way to the coast!I want to say she's closed Sunday and Monday so call before you come.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,11/4/2014,236,543,6,14,11>Tahrir Square is a place, a movement and a moment in history. Egyptian people, especially students, changed the government, peacefully. It was similar in some ways to Tiananmen, but different in that it succeeded, in no small part by using Twitter and Facebook. The result, and it is still unfolding, was not the perfect dream, but it was thankfully not the perfect nightmare. So naming your food cart in SE, Portland, Oregon, USA Tahrir Square is bold. Tahrir Square has taken over the Bernie Bubba's cart in the Cartopia pod at 12th and SE Hawthorne. They have a range of foods of the region, vegetarian and meat. You will find gyro, shawarma, falafel, kebab, dolmas; sides, appetizers, sandwiches and plates. Desert too! The shawarma plate has tender, slightly and pleasingly charcoal tinged lamb over rice. I had the baba ganoush, lemony, not over herbed and not over processed. I'm all for an all eggplant, no sesame, version, this is more in that direction. The Greek salad has a nice mix of greens, the feta is crumbled, and we are starting to get into the season where tomatoes taste like tomatoes. The pita is pillowy. Yum!They use Square for credit cards. Tahrir Square Square!The Arab Spring was a beautiful thing. How it unfolds in each country is unique. We live in an international world, and we are curious about what is going on in one another's countries in a deep way. But beyond politics, food is an entre to culture, and this cart is an accessible entre to Egyptian food of the people.
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,11/3/2014,219,427,9,12,11>Just walking by the adorable window displays of this boutique is enough to incapacitate me until I go inside. After perusing many overpriced shops in town, this remains my favorite. The darling  little dresses and tops I get the most compliments on come from here. It's delightfully feminine and completely affordable. Everything from  their unique skirts, to scarves, to hats and other accessories make me swoon. The staff is very kind and helpful while remaining unobtrusive. Best of all, the bf tolerates this place and can make himself comfortable in the waiting area by the dressing rooms as long as I promise to buy him a drink afterward with whatever money I may have left...
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,11/2/2014,115,342,8,18,15>I stopped to get a couple of gift certificates for an event.  I was helped immediately by a friendly young woman.  She apologized that she had no fancy envelopes for the gift certificates, but I said that would give me something to do at home by putting stickers and stuff on envelopes to house the gift certificates.  Whilst I waited, I was nose to nose with slices.  The price was right and the pizza looked terrific.  My slice had pepperoni (great big old rounds of pepperoni and no stinting on them), beautiful ripe tomatoes, and sweet crunchy slices of red pepper.  The crust was nice and thin and there was plenty of tomato sauce under the goodies.  This made me happy because any more it seems like pizza never has enough sauce, just a mere scraping, and I love plenty of sauce.  I took my slice outside and sat in the sun, ate my pizza, and drank my kombucha purchased elsewhere.  Now, of course, I'm sleepy from the pizza and sun, but what a lovely day to have been able to do this.  Signal Station does serve sandwiches and salads and lots of different "flavors" of pizza.  All this is motivation to come back and enjoy other offerings.PS: I totally forgot to say how much I love the physical setting of Signal Station Pizza.  It's in what was an old gas station all gussied up for modern times for restaurant use.  The whole decor is geared towards nostalgia for the old filling stations and is lovingly decorated with vintage (vintage-style) decor from the classic era in the 1940s and 1950s.  It's a real attention-getter as you drive through St. Johns and definitely helps to make you want to stop here.  It is very clean.  I can see how cozy it would be on a rainy day.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,11/1/2014,143,335,9,15,14>I have been to the Laurelhurst probably a half dozen times in as many years. But since I went twice in the last month, I finally feel justified in in reviewing it. I dig this place! If I was a believer in giving out more 5 stars - this would be a contender. Movies are $4 all the time! Theaters are small - but that's usually okay with me. They play some awesome pics it's hard to find elsewhere. I just went and saw the Jerk... again for the first time in decades! Large popcorn is $4, candy is $2 - this place is affordable! Awesome food & beer choices (sadly red vines instead of twizzlers which is a travesty). People are of a variety, staff is nice enough - even if they are not super speedy. Parking can be a bitch, and there are no matinees during the week. That and sometimes the lines (esp for concession) are long are the only complaints I have about this cool spot. Glad I rediscovered it! And with Holmans around the corner with a bitchin' Happy hour..... Oh yeah!
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,10/31/2014,130,164,19,18,20>Bowties for cats. I mean, what more could you ask for? Well, they are made in Portland from recycled materials (each one has the fabric's provenance) plus all profits after labor and material go to cat charities.I know it sounds twee and straight out of a Portlandia sketch, but look at the picture that accompanies this review. If it doesn't make you squeee just a tad, you need your squeeeometer checked. The ties slip right onto your cat's collar so there is no wrangling of a cat who is not ready to accept its new accessory. Honestly, I thought my cat would hate it, but he wore it like a champ. Like, for a long time. I eventually took it off because fashion.I got his bowtie at Mt. Tabor Vet for $8. The fabric is from "Josh's aunt in Maine." Thanks, Business Catual and Josh's aunt for making my cat The Feline Sartorialist!
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,10/30/2014,320,479,31,18,17>I'm really not much of a coffee aficionado, at least not in the way most Portlanders fancy themselves.  You could blindfold me and I probably couldn't tell you the difference between Stumptown and Starbucks.  Yeah, I know, my taste in coffee is unrefined.But, there is one thing that brings me in here that I don't find at the other coffee shops: The Hot Firemen.  That's right.  Whenever I see those fire trucks parked out front, I know it's time to grab a cup of Joe, regardless of whether I've already had my morning cup.Maybe the Hot Firemen find the coffee to be excellent.  Or maybe it's because they find it is easy to park their giant, gleaming, red trucks while they saunter in and enjoy the brew.  I don't know.  I don't care.  It's awesome to sit back and admire them...and the coffee, it's pretty good too.This place gets five alarms, I mean, five stars.2014 - Review # 72
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,10/29/2014,1295,556,4,11,10>My husband found this restaurant just hoping around Yelp yearning to give a new to us seafood place a go. First of all the menu! Wow - overwhelming and diverse. We went on a Friday night and it was crowded but, from my understanding, this place is always packed for a reason. The staff were super nice and giving us updates for our table and everything. The waitress who helped us in the end was super sweet and even joking with us etc.The food - AMAZING! Simple ingredients executed very well. We started with coconut prawns and the crab wontons. Both came with amazing sauces, were nice and crisp - so tasty. He tried the tomato gazpacho while I had a Caesar - both again, quite good. The bread they brought was perfect with the tomato which was just like eating an heirloom tomato - so much flavor! Our whole meal was incredible - I went with the salmon stuffed with spinach and shrimp...heaven. My husband did a seafood sampler - also incredible. We even took desert to go ...their four milk cake and Kahlua cakes are phenomenal.Their drinks looks pretty incredible too. I will definitely be back and I could not believe their "cheap eats" menu either.
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2008,4/20/2008,8,105,6,7,6>A-M-A-zing Thai food!  I started working in downtown Portland about 6 months ago and, initially, the thought of eating lunch out of a food cart scared the crap out of me.  I mean, is anyone regulating quality or are the rats and cockroaches given free reign of the place at night?  But, eventually the hunger pains made me reluctantly cave in... and I'm soooooo happy I did.  I can't really vouch for many of the other food carts, but Lady Thai seems to hold a pretty high standard for cleanliness.  'Lady' thai is a little old Thai mama that works her butt off at the noon hour.  I usually try to wait till 1 when the rush calms down... it takes her about 8 minutes to make one order, so never mind a line full of hungry customers.  Believe me though, it is worth the wait.  I usually order the Pad See Ew or the Pad Ke Mow - extra spicy (because of my addiction to the thick rice noodles and a mouth on fire) and I have never had better.  I'm not sure how the curries are  made, I can't imagine that she makes them on the spot, but the noodle dishes are super fresh.  You can watch her cook the whole meal with fresh veggies and noodles right in front of you so I know it hasn't been sitting there all morning.  To ice the cake, it's $5.25 for 2 days worth of food, although, usually the next day the left overs don't make it to lunch.  I end up scarfing them down at about 10 because I can't get them out of my mind and focus on work until I do!!  Please try it and support the little guy (or lady!).
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2008,4/17/2008,95,217,5,7,6>I am not quite sure whether Dots is a restaurant that thinks its a dive bar, or a dive bar that thinks its a restaurant.  I can say that the food is delicious, and the spicy tofu dipping sauce is a great achievement.  It is dark inside at all hours, and really feels kinda dank inside.  The swanky atmosphere may also be a result of the fact that you can smoke inside.  My vegan friends enjoy eating here, especially the middle easterny type things.  I usually get some sort of greasy burger thing and it is always accompanied with great garnishes. They have beer here, and it is reasonably priced.  The only lame thing is the fact that they don't accept credit cards...ugh stupid ATM's (minus one star, take that).
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,4/16/2008,16,13,1,9,11>I love Nau's mission as it is very much in line with my own opinions about running a business: To make a healthy profit by creating POSITIVE CHANGE in the world.  They donate 5% of every sale to one of their Partners for Change.  So, this is one of many reasons why their product is expensive.  Fashion tip from my "personal shopper" who lives in NYC (my cousin, she's awesome): it's all about the QUALITY of your clothes, not about the quantity.  Nau places emphasis on high-quality fabrics with beautiful lines.  When you go to a fashion forward city, like Paris or Milan, you notice that people wear the same clothes all the time, but DAMN they look real good!  With a product like Nau's, you can do this and not just look good but also take a hike, ride a bike or climb a rock wall.  Ok, I could go on and on...and I might...but I'll let that sink in for now.  Ciao!
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2008,4/15/2008,28,118,10,7,7>FINALLY!  I have been buying little clothes for my wife to wear for 5 minutes before I eat them off her for years while I wear some boring Calvins and now I have my own store too!  We read about this place in a couple magazines and finally got downtown to shop and happened across the half yearly sale.  Holy smokes!  The staff were VERY friendly - glad I was with my wife ;-D) and were able to explain the 20 different fabrics, 100+ different designers, size differences btwn each designer, etc.  Everything I bought I love - looks great, fits great, feels great!  I have a pile of man-gerie.  All women need to go here to buy something nice to eat off your man!  Turn about is fun play!
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2007,4/14/2008,6,8,5,7,9>Perfect Coffee.  I have never had anything so tasty.I wrote my first college paper about stumptown.Enough said.Keep up the great work.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2008,4/13/2008,758,866,1,9,8>I'm going to write this while I'm still in the food coma Le Pigeon put me in. If I had to pick one word for this place it would be "Incredible".Had the foie gras with bananas and peanuts for the appetizer. The combination of the soft, buttery foie gras and peanuts made it feel like I was eating peanut butter ice cream. An amazing creation. For the main entree I had the steak with spatzle, horseradish, and strogonof. The flank steak was cooked just a tad above rare and was enhanced with a light dusting of salt. The perfect amount of horseradish was put into the sauce smothering the strogonof. My friend had the last burger of the night (they only make around 5 a night) so get there early if you want one.Desert consisted of the apricot cornbread topped with a scoop of maple ice cream and a sprinkle of some amazingly flavorful bacon bits. The salty sweet combination may be the best I have ever had in a desert. For a meal of this caliber, the price was easily worth it. Our group of four had two bottles of wine, three appetizers, an entree a piece, and two deserts for around $65 a person with tip.This is the #1 restaurant in Portland and now the place I will take out of towners to try Portland's BEST.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2008,4/12/2008,40,108,5,10,7>I came here to get my hair done for my very casual wedding.  I walked in the door and the guy who was fixin' my hair named Collin asked what I was looking for I told him some ringlets or just a blow dry since my hair is only chin-length, then I told him I was getting married. He lit up! He was so happy and told me that he could "work magic" and get my hair into an up do.  It took 40 minutes, he used over 50 pins and made two mini-ponytails for volume and voila it was up and up for good.  It looked amazing, he made it into a curly twist and it stayed all night long without looking like a helmet.  I even kept my hair in that night when after the ceremony I went to my friends hotel and had some champagne.  It cost about $50 and the hairdresser was fabulous, it relaxed me so much I was on a cloud all day. When I set up my appointment I was told that he was the best at special occasion hair and he was.  the place was modern and I loved the way they keep their tools in huge tool boxes. If I could attach a hair picture I would!  He did preform "Magic" like he said he could!!!
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2008,4/11/2008,550,1055,8,9,6>I've never been to the restaurant itself, my two experiences with Belmont Pearl both are from their deliver the food to me. CHINESE/THAI/JAPANESE food brought to me = I LOVE YOU LONG TIME.So my first experience was one week after I moved to my apartment and I was hungry, lazy to cook, don't want pizza, and don't want to walk in the rain or take the bus. So I searched online on Google, for SE Portland Restaurant food delivery and their name popped up.I browsed the menu, so many choices to choose from. So I decided I just want their Shrimp fried rice. I called the number and since it's under $20, they charged me $2 delivery fee, that's not bad at all. They told me it will be about 45 minutes, but they LIED. Less than 30 minutes the delivery guy came and I consumed that yummy fresh shrimp fried rice. It lasted me for 2 more days worth of lunch afterwards.My second experience was on lazy Friday night, the Blazers game was on, my love one and I don't want to go anywhere. So I browsed online for their menu, picked up the phone and ordered 1 Spicy Pad Thai with Tofu, 1 Black Pepper Beef (come with free steamed rice) and 1 Japanese Hot Platter which is an appetizer plate with tempura shrimps, fried tofu, tempura vegetables, and fried california roll. Total for all of those was $24.50 and FREE delivery. Our food came in less than 45 minutes.I love places that do delivery and you can get free delivery with minimum order of $20. It's rare to find an asian restaurant that does that, but then again now we have Belmont Pearl.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2008,4/10/2008,189,360,9,8,11>It can be hard to avoid Lust*.And sometimes you can't help but want it Hot & Dirty** and other times you just want to don heels and a great pair of jeans and head out into the night to see what Karma*** has in store for you.  At Vault, you can have a lot of whatever you're looking for (in a cocktail).  After all, the drink menu is longer than the phone book.The food menu on the other hand, is small and should not be relied upon for serious sustenance (though the little pizzas are good).  Seating is also limited, so it can be hard to squeeze a larger group in here.If you're up for an evening of dim lighting, swank decor, and fabulous cocktails, I'd bring a friend and order up your Last Temptation!***** Tequila, triple sec, and blood orange puree.  Vault says: "It can be hard to find someone that can be kind and still isn't afraid to throw her man up against the wall and lick him from head to toe."** Mazama Pepper vodka made dirty with olive juice. Vault says: "Come on! Do your Tina Turner little man!"*** Bulleit Bourbon, Voyant Chai Cream Liqueur, Half & Half.  Vault says: "Don't worry, everybody gets to be somebody sometime.  Maybe tomorrow it's your turn or my turn."**** Mazama Pepper Vodka, black sambuca, strawberry puree, balsamic vinegar.  Vault says: "Common sense was missing from the table that night.  So I served it up chilled, after cocktails, on a platter with a side of plum chutney."
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2008,4/9/2008,3211,1938,4,15,10>BEER TIME!  Or so that's what the clock says out front on the Hopworks Urban Brewery sign.Beer time it is INDEED!  Hopworks has been brewing some phenomenal beer for a while now, but this week finally marks the opening of Christian Ettinger's vision of the perfect inner-SE eco-inspired organic brew-pub.High arched ceilings of beautiful, exposed wood mix with structural-support chic of steel beams to form a well-inspired yet utilitarian look. Lots of wood and warm colors dominate, and the seemingly endless windows allow a ton of daylight to permeate this upscale yet laid back brew house.  The space is divided into three sections: the restaurant to the back, the expansive bar (with pool table) up front, and an upstairs mezzanine/loft area with some pinball machines and more seating.  Running above the length of the bar in an homage to the SE roots is a long fixture comprised of bike frames and halogen lighting.  Two words dominate my impression of this place: open and clean.  Of course it's clean, it just opened!  Well, it's that 'almost-corporate' kind of clean.  That's not necessarily a bad thing though. Mix in the healthy dose of yuppies and yippies crammed into this newly opened joint, and that can make for a bit of turn off. I have faith, however, that the crowd at this joint will eventually sort itself out.The beer menu is, of course, divine.  I have never met a Hopworks beer I did not like. I enjoyed the seasonal Kentucky Christmas (the Abominable Snowman fermented in bourbon barrels), and the 7-grain stout (Yeah, it's made with seven grains AND Stumptown espresso!!).  Both were beyond the pale (ale).  (har har har)The food? FINALLY, a SE brewpub with good food!! I enjoyed my oven-roasted peanuts (yes, roasted in-house, and so hot when they got to the table I could barely eat them!).  I also tried out the house-made bavarian pretzel with house-made ale mustard, and wow.... amazing. I hope they start selling that mustard by the bottle. The pizzas being eagerly consumed at tables near mine looked fantastic, and if made from the same dough as the pretzels... well, they would have to do something major wrong to screw that up.  The rest of the food on the menu looks enticing to say the least. Great bar food. As an aside, they offer a nifty happy hour menu from 3 to 6pm daily and 9 or 10pm to close (depending on the day).  They have a nice little menu of snacks, including a beer sausage, for incredibly reasonable prices. The service was a tad spotty, but that's to be expected on the second night.  It was always with a smile, though, and there's a lot to be said about service with a smile in the otherwise morose or zoned-out SE quadrant. I can tell it will get better when they work out the kinks. All in all I am extremely excited about where this place is going. Ettinger's eco-centric philosophy combined with food done right and beer done even better is sure to be a winner. Do not hesitate to stop in for a beer... or six.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,11/17/2010,188,386,5,12,6>No hassles. No upsells. Just an oil change, thank you very much. After years of steeling myself against the doomsday predictions of oil change service technicians ("If you don't get a new oil filter/s-belt/doohizzle, your car is going to BURST INTO FLAMES on your way home!!!") Everett Street Auto Works was a welcoming island of serenity. They topped off fluids, checked filters, pumped up my tires and I was in and out within 45 minutes and $30. They didn't subject me to the Charade of the Dirty Air Filter, they didn't try to patch the crack in my windshield or harass me about the cracked taillight, or fill me up with special high-performance whatever. I forgot to ask them to replace my windshield wipers, but that's my own fault. This is all I ever wanted from an oil change. And this is the only place I can imagine I'll ever want to go from now on.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,11/16/2010,276,315,14,11,12>I know, I know. Reviewing a liquor store should be suspicious enough, but also giving it a 5-star rating must point to the possibilities of an alcohol-induced assessment.  But I can assure you-- I'm as sober a college boy on spring break.Having proven that, I have to give this place props.  Firstly, it's incredibly clean, organized, and, dare I say, classy.  I suppose being a Pearl location must require of it a particular type of decorum.  Secondly, the selection is more than respectable.  And their inventory of specialty, limited release beers is commendable.  But, most importantly, there is a certain refinement to the hospitality I've received from the staff (perhaps the proprietor?) during my first few visits thus far.  In my search for a bottle of The Abyss (by Deschutes Brewery) on a recent endeavor, the staff even went as far as going to the back storage to retrieve one of his last couple of bottles.Also, the close proximity of this store to my home is at once a blessing and a curse.  And dammit if the street car doesn't drop me off within a few steps from it.Now, I'm all for sobriety and all.  But if you're looking to get your booze on-- or perhaps a cigar or specialty chocolates-- head on down to the Pearl Specialty Market & Spirits and get 'r done.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,11/15/2010,16,98,13,6,5>Hummus, creamy softPitas, hot pillows of joyWhen can I return?There was a restaurant called Ya HalaTheir food only cost a few dollas  The flavors were great  All the new things I ateI even enjoyed some cauliflowa.
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2010,11/14/2010,147,332,12,16,12>First I'm going to tell you how our dinner ended. $115 for four with a bottle of wine, one raw octopus app, 4 hot plates, two desserts and a french press coffee. I start here because you should know that this will be a bit more than a bar tab and you won't be taking home leftovers for lunch. In fact, if you leave anything but the shine on the plate and a wet fork, you're a better man/woman than I. Now back to the beginning.Spicy octopus: One bite per person, melt in your mouth, eye-rolling magic.Gnocci/mushrooms:  The floatiest, pillowiest gnocci I've ever eaten. Stone pot:  Raw fish, slowly cooking from the heat of the stone pot, an egg yolk on rice with greens and some other goodies. Tasty!Butterfish: This was a rectangular slab of fish perfectly seared on all sides with awesome sauce (more bread please!, Thank you.), Mmmmmelted in your mmmmouth!Seafood noodle soup: Clams, mussels, squid ink noodles. No soup leftover.Choco-miso caramel: I'll eat salty chocolate anytime, anywhereRosemary oil cake: Lighter and fluffier than I expected.Coffee was excellent.I hope this place makes it. The food (as others have also mentioned) is top quality, inventive and gorgeous. The service was attentive and professional. Don't come if you're looking for a big ol' pile of anything, you'll be unhappy. That would be like going to Pix Patisserie and expecting giant slabs of German Chocolate Cake. It would be like going to Beast and expecting Brazilian Churrascaria. It was a light dinner full of the tastiest treats.  If you're a vegetarian, call before you go, there are precious few vegetables on the menu. Next time, mmmmore plates, mmmmore wine and and mmmore Mmmmm's.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,11/13/2010,135,161,3,8,6>I moved to the Portland area six years ago, and this was where I ate my first meal as a Portlander. Well, technically I was a Hillsborian (is that a word?). It was an easy choice to make since it was just down the road from my dad's home at the time. Over the years I always come back because the food is good & affordable, the atmosphere is nice, and the servers treat you like you're old friends. Seriously, Nicole is a sweetheart. She's been our waitress nearly every time we've been in the last year or two and she's great. Plus they're open pretty late-ish for being in the suburbs and were great for take out on nights after a long day at work.I like they've always got a monthly special and I especially enjoy when it's crab fest time. They have good seafood here. Or maybe I am just especially a sucker for the Halibut Parmesan (fish and cheese do SO go together, don't tell me what to do). Brunch is great. And this is literally the only good brunch place in Hillsboro that I could come up with. The four egg omelets can be a challenge. Last Father's day I got the Oregon Coast (filled with crab and bay shrimp yum!) omelet and took half of it home. I've only ever seen omelets this big at Gravy on N Mississippi. Last weekend, even the two egg Northwest Veggie omelet was a challenge, but I finished most of it because wasting it would've been a shame. They even make all their desserts from scratch and they are damn good. It was a long time ago, but I had a vanilla bean lavender cheesecake here that was to die for. JG and I came in here for brunch last week and I lost him to the dessert case for a minute or two.In an area lacking in good, non-chain restaurants, Reedville is great. And It goes without saying I'll be back again soon.
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2010,11/11/2010,90,42,10,7,10>I was le Pig at Le Pigeon.. and goddamn was it SWEET!I was escorted to Le Pig on my birthday. We had reservations for 8pm. I had my final "weigh in" for a weight loss challenge at work the next morning.. at 10am.. but I didn't give a hoot. I was gonna eat me some sweetbreads and cornbread bacon ice cream sexiness on my birthday with my baby.First off - I never really realized how small the restaurant is. In truth, it's the perfect size. I mean, the kitchen is pretty tiny. And open. Which I love. I think that there is a level of intimacy when you are able to be so close to your food, no matter where your table is located. I like feeling like a part of my meal.The wine list is sexy. Full of diversity. Something to compliment and complete every bold, rich dish on the menu. The beer selection? Hate to say it, but the beer selection sucks. Round out your beer selection, Rucker.We started with the sweetbreads appetizer. My date had no idea what sweetbreads were, but he is always game to try anything meaty and fried. I was sold on the blue cheese mousse, candied nuts, and micro greens... Nick said it tasted like some deviant fried chicken. Deviant was right. I felt like I would have to do a confession after my weigh in... but I was also turned on. This app had me ready for more.Nick ordered the beef cheek bourguignon, and paired it with a '06 bordeaux. Dark and dreamy. Slightly acidic, creamy, smokey... the vegetables still tasted like Oregon.. and the meat.. ummm... so tender. I just drooled remembering it. I ordered the special. I am always sold on steak specials. Flank steak with pickled fried red onion rings, lemon parsley pesto, and heirloom tomato salad. My steak was just as red and succulent as I could have hoped for it to be. The lemon parsley pesto melted onto the steak to add a citrusy haven of freshness. The ONION RINGS. I am never going to eat another onion ring in my life unless it is pickled. GENIUS. The tomatos were sweet and earthy, a perfect counterpoint to my heavy steak.And dessert. Oh, it was hard to decide.. the foie profiteroles or the ever popular and mystical cornbread cake with maple ice cream and caramelized bacon? Bacon. Bacon always gets me.We decided to split the corn bread.. and man, oh man, I am going to go there tomorrow at 5pm just to order that satanic combination of bacon and cream and sugar.Screw the maple bacon bar. Give me the goddamn cornbread!
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2010,11/10/2010,302,646,9,8,8>Ok. I've been here 3 times already and the (kakuni) ramen just gets better and better. The pork, oh my the PORK. It tastes like it's been stewing for years. So milky, creamy, melt in your mouth. And I'm not even talking about the fat. That's in a league of its own. It's simply liquid gold. As much as I wanted to share the wealth so others can enjoy what I've enjoyed, I can't. Something this good makes me incredibly greedy.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,11/9/2010,107,111,8,11,8>I'm typically open to having my mind blown, and it's been a pretty regular occurrence recently. My latest example: the idea that the Willamette Week (in the post-David Walker era) could print something useful. Mind blown. Thanks to Danni D's diligent dispatch on the talk threads this week, Nick Zukin's thorough study of the best burgers in this city was thrust to my attention. And then I saw that I hadn't experienced a single one of the top ten. Mind blown again. Kablooshkabloosh!But most mind-blowing of all was that although I had eaten at Garden State half a dozen times, I didn't even realize they had a burger (number 9 on Zuke's list) on the menu. So enamored was I about the other menu items, the meatball and chickpea sandwiches in particular, when I saw their name on the list I thought, "They have a burger?" Apparently so, and for only $2 more than I'm usually willing to spend on lunch.Now, I've been disappointed that some other good burgers in town have a tendency to be overpowered, instead of accentuated, by the other toppings (I'm talkin about you, Slow Burger. I still love ya, though). Not a problem at Garden State. The relatively diminutive 6 oz patty at Garden State is like Sean Astin's character in "Rudy" -- humble, hard-working, dedicated, with a heart of gold -- while the thin, crispy pancetta, the red leaf lettuce, the spicy aioli, and the light but still cohesive bun, form the rest of the Fighting Irish, all shouting "Bur-GER! Bur-GER! Bur-GER!" as they carry it into your mouth. You never saw a patty so proud.I found myself savoring each bite, and at the end I didn't want it to be over. And, it being a mere 6 oz patty, the epilogue doesn't feature gut bombing or food coma-ing. I look forward to trying some of the other burgers on the wweek list, but for the foreseeable future I'm gonna go on chanting, "Garden STATE! Garden STATE! Garden STATE!"
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,11/8/2010,123,89,17,7,8>The first time I walked into Produce Row was two years ago. With my grandparents. We were trying to find the Farm Cafe. (Long story short: Screw Garmin GPS devices.) The floors were sticky. The place was empty. The staff was apathetic, be-dredded and in all probability, also sticky. We left. Last time I walked into Produce Row was two nights ago. My coworker's band was playing at Branx. They play Christian Metal. I needed booze. Apparently Produce Row is the bar version of that girl in tweeny rom-coms who just needs a make-over for all the shallow bitches to like her. I am shallow, and this bar can totally sit with us at lunch. Bar went to the mall. Got it's hair done. Got a Coach bag.  And a proper liquor license. Being no regular, I couldn't really detail all of the changes. But it seems a major overhaul was made to the menu, decor and general odor. So next time you go to catch a show at Branx or Rotture, have fun getting classy here before heading across the street to make a drunken, terribly-dancing mess out of yourself to whatever awful music you kids are listening to these days.
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2010,11/7/2010,122,59,13,16,12>Live Trapping?check!Fast Response?check!Courteous and informative?check!Out to bleed you for every penny they can get?not a chance!I've been using this service for a number of years (6) now (Formerly Pacific Structural, I believe).  Bill & Company have done nothing but floor me with their service from Day 1.  It started with raccoons in the dirt cellar (mama decided to have her litter down there).  I wanted to make sure they were captured and set free elsewhere.  If you know anything at all about a mama raccoon and her babes, you already know a few things:No, she is NOT happy to let you visit her babies.Yes, they do EVERYTHING very close to their nest.  You cannot imagine the smell (Think shit and ammonia.  Now multiply it x10 and you're still not even close).Yes, they will tear up whatever they can find to make their nest more comfy.No, kits (babies) are not especially cuddly in their natural environment, despite what you may have seen on Animal Planet or Johnny Carson (But they seem to like cold pizza...go figure).Long story slightly shorter; Not only did they deliver on their promise to trap and release all the raccoons, they also went under the house, cleaned up and repaired all the damage.Since then, we've had ants and other assorted bug issues, as well as birds in the attic (the toys in the attic are beyond even their abilities).  Their prices are reasonable and, many times, the only way you even know they were there is by the card they've left behind (and the noticeable absence of whatever it was that prompted the call in the first place).From the first time we contacted him, Bill (the owner) has gone above and beyond.  He is honest, conscientious and works his ass off for his clients.Do NOT hesitate to give these guys a call should you have a pest issue that requires assistance.  You will regret doing otherwise.
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,12/2/2013,115,342,6,10,8>It's the first really cold, rainy night we've had in months, so a pal wants to know if I want to have some tacos.  I'm game, so off we go.  I admit to being a little startled when we pull into the spot near an apartment complex, wondering in what restaurant the tacos are located because I sure can't see anything else.  But, boom, I turn my head and there's the food truck, and I might add a very nice-looking and super clean food truck.  These tacos are worth waiting for in any weather.  I had carnitas, pastor, and asada, nice assortment, wonderfully tasty, beautifully fresh ingredients, nicely cooked and prepared, and what a price, $1.25 a pop.  I love the serving size: just a few bites of deliciousness, nothing too huge.  You really don't need huge honking portions of anything when it is this well prepared, because it will satisfy you and thus you will not want to stuff yourself.  The green sauce is just perfect for dotting over the tops of the tacos and then a squeeze of fresh lime is the great finishing touch.  The proprietor is a very nice gentleman who works calmly and steadily.  They have some interesting other choices like lengua and cabeza tacos as well, and also have Mexican sodas.  BTW, it's cash only.I will very definitely be back because I've been really craving some tacos like this.  I hope you visit as well and discover what a find Richi's Taco Truck is for everybody.
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2013,12/1/2013,18,191,5,7,6>I love this store. It has a lot of really great clothes that I never have enough time to shop through. Mostly though, I love the dog there. I chased it around the store for about ten minutes. Its super playful. The people working there have a great relationship and have known each other for 15+ years so it was great talking to them. I like being places where everyone enjoys each others company, it makes the whole experience that much better.Anyway, good clothes, good atmosphere, no food or drink menu though. What the eff.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2013,11/30/2013,126,304,2,10,5>Two years before moving to Portland, I had spent a solid month in Shanghai and Su Zhou, the province from which this garden hails. We spent weeks visiting different gardens of different families or that have played a part in history.Lan Su is the real deal. All the materials were shipped from Su Zhou (a sister city) to Portland including many of the stones, which are "harvested" from a particular lake in China. Then, it was built by the same people that designed and build them in China. Supposedly we traded them for a rose garden and I think we got a better deal? I remember visiting once and there was a UPS driver sitting on one of the benches just contemplating life and smiling to himself on what I'm guessing was at the end of his day. It's just that kind of place. You go there, relax, take it all in, and suddenly all seems right in the world. Every time I go, I see something beautiful that I didn't notice the time before and it's amazing all this serenity is smack dab in the middle of downtown Portland.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,11/29/2013,42,160,1,3,5>As current Duchess of White Owl Social Club, I hereby insist trying the following:* Vegan Burger with Shoestring Fries and Perfect Sauce - Said perfect sauce is a mixture of Veganaise, mustard, ketchup, hot sauce, and relish (yeah, it's pretty great).* Reanimator - This mix drink is light, fizzy, and will wake you up.* Proper Cosmo - That's right, this self-proclaimed Cosmo snob has yet to be disappointed at White Owl.* Good Grief - Deep fried Charlie Brown dessert (from Sweetpea) with caramel sauce and powdered sugar. It's sweet and a little difficult to finish without help, but still delicious with melted chocolate and peanut butter.The bartenders are friendly, attentive, and great at choosing cocktails when I don't feel like connecting a train of thought beyond "Fruity and vodka?"The cocktail menu is a little pricier than average but- having sampled most of their signature cocktails- everything is pretty strong and well made.The Reanimator is my favorite house cocktail ($9).They have a photo booth, large covered patio (which I assume will constantly be packed in the summer), and host a variety of music events.White Owl is an instant favorite, I can see this place getting crazy busy in no time.
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,11/28/2013,194,364,8,15,11>3 Doors Down (3DD) has arguably the BEST HAPPY HOUR IN PORTLAND!  There, I said it.  Now you can bypass all the hemming and hawing about whether or not you may want to go and jump straight to planning your visit!Key Info:- They're open every day but Monday - They have a few tables outside (covered by an awning) that seat 1-4  people on days when the weather is nice.  Added bonus for being on a side street of Hawthorne so you don't have a constant stream of people walking by.- They have an extensive dinner menu full of very authentic Italian dishes (avg entree ~$18-35, salads from $6-12) - But WAIT, you say, I want to check out their infamous Happy Hour.  Don't fret, because they have the LONGEST HH HOURS I'VE EVER SEEN!  Tues, Wed, & Thurs it's 5-9:30pm, and Sunday it's all day (4-9pm).  No more rushing as fast as you can from work to barely get seated and order before HH ends! You should DEFINITELY try at least these HH dishes, though admittedly I'd feel comfortable recommending everything else I've tried here, too:+ Tortiglioni with vodka sauce & sausage ($8.50) - this is my favorite dish on their entire HH menu! Al dente penne pasta, in a creamy tomato/vodka sauce with a delicious sausage right in the middle to contrast the noodles.+ Pugliese with white bean spread (only $3) - made of beans, olive oil, garlic, and rosemary. It's sooo rich in flavor I have to think they sneak some butter in it, too, but I could be wrong.  Although it's not officially unlimited, they usually refill it a few times if your table is hungry enough to eat all the bread/spread before your entrees arrive.+ provolone & prosciutto stuffed cherry pepper ($2.50) - pretty self explanatory: 2 spicy peppers with delicious meat and cheese. So good!+ Bibb lettuce with chives & bacon, and topped with a creamy garlic dressing ($4) - the perfect side to most of their dishes+ Baked macaroni & cheese ($6) - This is close to my favorite mac & cheese in PDX (second only to Leroy's Familiar Vittles' burnt mac & cheese)+ Don't forget they have several HH drink specials, too in case you need some alcohol to help your work-related stress melt away :-)  I usually stick with the draft beer, but many others have raved about their stiff drinks.+ Oh yeah, and when it comes to dessert, I think they have the best Tiramisu in town.  If that doesn't prove their Italian chops and make you want to check it out, I'm not sure what will!
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2013,11/27/2013,145,186,6,8,7>Ho-lee-Cow! (In a good way)Friends sang the praises of the Farm Cafe for years and I never went for it,  I thought it was all hype but as I learned, it surely wasn't. We were greeted by a lovely waitress who was kind and let us know that we had just snagged the last seat on their patio... Which was perfect and inviting.  Food was mostly veg but there were plenty of great options which included a special of salad Nicoise. I usually have a giant boner for Nicoise salads so I went for it. Gentle Jehova!  It was like no Nicoise I ever had. Carefully seared tuna, hard boiled egg and some sauce that was divine. It was thoughtful and richer than any Nicoise in my life and it truly shot me dead with deliciousness. So dead that I just revived and mustered up the courage to post this post, this very instant.We had a wonderful carafe of Pinot Gris and the atmosphere was  summery and delightful.  I will be back for sure, and will look forward to another memorable evening, :)
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,11/26/2013,62,195,9,13,9>Brunch, dude. All daaaay. Yeah, man. I am passionate about very few things, but brunch is one of them. Besides that last bit not really being true at all, I really dig Tasty n Sons commitment to all things breakfast related. Sure, they do dinner too, but who really gives a shit.They do it up tapas style, which is a nice way of saying "it'll get to you when it gets to you," so don't feel bad if your bacon-wrapped dates come out 20 minutes before your shakshuka. Just work your way through the Bloody Mary selection and chill. Because the food really is worth it. Speaking of which, get any of these and be merry:Dates- Lovingly wrapped in baconChocolate Potato Donut- so heavy but so good, 1/person should do the trickShakshuka w/ mergeuze- heaven, a hearty stew that I thought only Grandma could make- but better because it has poached eggs on top Burmese Stew- again, very hearty but lighter than the above mentioned stewPolenta & Sausage Ragu-ZOMGAs you may have noticed, I've been here a few times. I dig the savory dishes mostly, but I have it on good authority they do sweet pretty well too. The decor is nice enough, the bathroom situation is not ideal (dirrty), the service isn't really that great. But they do a mean brunch.
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,11/25/2013,118,219,4,5,3>Gone are the days when I look forward to putting on my 4 inch heels and a dress to go clubbing. These days when I go out, I just want to wear comfortable clothing and sit somewhere where I can consume drinks poured by heavy handed bartenders. Two important key words here: SIT and ALCOHOL.  Dour Fir is the perfect place to chill and relax with friends on a warm evening. There's a good number of seats near the bar area and around the fire place. The outdoor patio is huge. And my personal favorite are the seats around the big fire pit outside. Spending a few hours of my evening at Dour Fir always calls for a good time. The bonus is that Sizzle Pie is just a few blocks down for the perfect late night meal (but that's another review).
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,11/24/2013,94,218,1,12,6>This place has been open for only about a week and I love it so much I have already been there twice.They have 16 taps, two of which are hard cider.  Over 200 different bottles of beer and a HUGE selection of hard ciders.  Unusual beers rather than your standard Widmer, Full Sail, etc.  Beers I have never heard of and can't wait to meet.  But a girl can only drink so much in one night so I will slowly make my way through them, even if it kills me.You can pull a bottle off the shelf to go or throw it in the chiller for a few minutes and drink there.  They also have a bottle capper so you can take a 4 pack to go of mixed beers.  Nice growlers, too!They have great outdoor seating right in Division and also along the side street.  Perfectly shaded by the building on hot afternoons, this will be my go to place on a hot summer day.The owners are friendly and have a wealth of knowledge about beer and will be happy to answer questions.No food is served but they have menus from neighboring restaurants so you can order food and bring it in to eat with a nice cold beverage.  No table service so order at the bar.This would be a great spot to grab a cold beer while waiting in the long line for a table at Pop Pok, too!  Great new addition to this part of Division!
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,11/22/2013,98,273,5,6,5>Of course I had to check out this location since I'm swooning in love with the hawthorne cart.  Same menu with a few exceptions.  I know everyone is crazy about the bacon dates and they're very great but what really gets me is those damn chicken strips.  Are they frying them in crack?  Seems like it but I guess beef tallow is even better (and better for you!) than crack!  I try not to buy things I could make at home and one would think a chicken strip is no big deal.  But THESE chicken strips - moist, juicy, a really nice crisp crust and just overall yumminess.  I'm sold, not even going to try to recreate it at home - impossible!  The aioli is awesome also, though I don't find it very garlicky so I think aioli is a bit of a misnomer.  Also, sometimes those little plastic aioli cups are only half full.  So I'm crazy and ask for an extra one.  If I'm feeling really racy, I ask for one aioli and one ketchup.  I know, purely chicken strip madness.  Indulge, totally worth the $5.  Also - collards are damn good, and I've made and tasted quite a few in my time.  Those are my two favorite things on the menu.  If I had my way, they would also make homemade coconut milk (no gum or fillers, sweetened with dates) and offer coconut milk lattes.  Or maybe I'll just open my own food cart and offer these.  Damn, don't tempt me, it might happen...
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2007,7/13/2007,38,163,2,7,3>Citizens of Portland, I have four words for you: PIZZA DELIVERED UNTIL 4am. And it's good. Real good. Hammy's is the new game in town, and I love em' already. They call themselves "Portland's original noctural pizzeria," and while I'm not sure they've been around that long, well, they can bill themselves as the David Bowie of pizza so long as they deliver deliciousness in the wee hours. Local ingredients? Yup. Delivery anywhere in the metro area for $2 until 4am? Oh yes. DVDs for $5 delivered with your pizza (check out their site)? You know it! How many times have you wanted a fresh pizza at 3am? I have, more than once, and this past weekend after a long wedding it was Hammy's to the rescue. I even recognized the delivery guy from the Aalto, how PDX is that.
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2007,7/12/2007,55,113,,5,1>We came here for my friend's bachlorette party. I arranged it ahead of time to have a Wine Tasting class. The class was taught by Greg. He is so funny and is not the wine snob you would expect. He made the whole experience very fun. This is definately the winery for you if you like the sweeter wine. They do have a couple of excellent reds, but I am all about the sweeter stuff. They have a wine called Niagra, and I am calling it Viagra for Woman! Wow that was good. We loaded up on wine! They have concerts in the summer on Thursday evening for $5 and you can bring your own food. This winery get 5 stars from me!Thank you Greg for making our party so much fun!
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2007,7/10/2007,29,39,,3,2>I went with Jen B. below and had a great time!The food was pretty good, but nothing to write home about. I was a huge fan of the beer battered fries though.The beer selection was awesome and there were some interesting choices. We got a pitcher of the Orange Hibiscus Ale and it was pretty good. The hint of Hibiscus stood out in a very good, interesting way. The place itself was good. Very low key and great for hanging out. It looked like they had pool tables in the back so I'd love to go back to this place and chill longer.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2007,7/9/2007,2,16,1,6,2>I recently quit coffee. And then my amazing roommate flew home to the West Coast... and brought back Stumptown decaf beans. Best roommate. Ever. Best coffee. Ever. (even decaf, but maybe my tastebuds have gone to shit here in Dunkin' Donuts territory)The best/worst thing about the Northwest? None of the best stuff makes it out because, well, the owners are just happy having a few shops or a little brewery. Please! A Stumptown outpost in Boston! Deschutes on tap somewhere!
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2007,7/7/2007,469,585,1,4,4>The food was better than I expected, and the ambiance was overdone but not embarrassing. The accordion players, both twinkly-eyed grandpas, were excellent and charmed the children and adults too. We went for a birthday celebration and they comped the birthday girl's apple streudel but didn't torture us with a custom song.. we all just sang traditionally off-key Happy Birthday and that was that.We started with the fondue which was delicious with their beer sausage. Beer was ordered by the half-liter by several of us and it seemed to go over well, the rest of us stuck to non-alcoholic beverages which were refilled often and with no problems -- the manager came by once to check on us and insisted on refilling my drink too -- he was gracious and kind.The soup (beer onion) and the salads we ordered were great, though the soup was even better when we sort of french-onioned it by floating in some of the chunks of bread and the little bit of leftover fondue cheese on top..For entrees we had... the potato pancakes, the stuffed cabbage, veal cordon bleu, jaeger sausages, chicken cordon bleu, and the roasted lamb shank. Everything was fantastic. I went along for the ride with this restaurant, humoring my German-born friend, but the lamb was perfect as were the scalloped potatoes and in the end, I didn't mind spending $200 for the six of us. (Two of our friends were on their own tab, and I don't know what they spent). They did NOT autograt us, which was classy and we helped preserve this practice by tipping well, deserved for the good service we got.For dessert, we had the apple strudel, Bavarian cream, chocolate mousse, and the strawberry pizza. Everything was really scrumptious, and while our waiter honestly offered that their espresso's not that good, the coffee was excellent.We had our own seats-8 room with a giant square table, which was low-stress for us because the kids could be kids, stretching their legs between courses by visiting around the table and playing hide and seek. There was plenty of room and because the only music in the place is performed live, we could actually hear each other talk without shouting, a dramatic change from the piped-in-music places that are so common now.The restrooms were clean and the rest of the facility was lovely as well, funky with lots of stained glass, old photos, and other kitsch -- but not the anonymous mass-produced stuff that they have at Red Robin and other chains. They clearly cater mostly to larger celebratory groups, so they have lots of big tables in semi-private alcoves. They also had some romantic two and four-tops and the prom-goers were taking advantage of those. Reservations are highly recommended; I booked through OpenTable.com without any problems.
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,7/6/2007,52,122,,5,2>A fantastic place to get creative that overflows with fresh new art from local artists every first Friday. They have classes for both adults and children, they also have a cute shop to buy local art and art supplies. With a website that is updated frequently so you'll never miss a happening at the 100th Monkey Studio.
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2007,7/4/2007,78,238,7,3,3>AHHHHH.  sweet crispy basil chicken.  i dream of you.  i search for you, but cannot find you anywhere but sivalai.  i live far away, but i dream of you.  dear crispy basil chicken, do you miss me?  i used to see you much more often when i lived in bend, but now i come to pdx but once a year and visit you each time.  in fact, my business guild now eats here each year and we all love you.  but its me that loves you the most.  the wonderful man, Jose, that graciously greets and takes care of me in your restaurant is my 'wished for' uncle, too.  what a guy.  crispy basil chicken dear, how does he remember my name?  do you whisper it to him with your tiny beak and crispy basil leaves?   i don't know.  he's nice with the free dessert or tea too. don't be jealous, little chicken, but know, really, its you that i long for, you are the one that brings me back over and over.  ahhhhhhh please be mine.  i will be back in october and i will see you then.... cannot wait.
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,7/2/2007,68,170,,4,1>One of my favorite places on Earth.  I suppose some who live in Portland are so jaded that it is no longer anything special.  Wow, I wish I had that problem!Love the soaking pool, the several small bars, and the gym/movie theater.  The food is not the best you'll get, especially in a foodie's dreamland that is Portland, but it is fine.  The rooms are comfy and definitely eclectic and extremely fun.  If you need luxury, you might not want to stay here, but if you relish creativity and uniqueness in your travel experience, this is definitely worth considering for your lodging.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,7/1/2007,15,48,1,7,3>Foodie paradise.  Navarre's food is rustic, hearty and honest.   Decor is simple and casual with an open kitchen, not particularly noteworthy, but this place is all about the food.  The "tapas" format means you get to try lots of different things - good place to go with a spouse, boyfriend or girlfriend, or couple of good friends and share everything.   The place is small so go early if you don't want to wait.  There is really nothing else quite Navarre -- it's worth the trip if you don't live in the area.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2007,6/30/2007,192,650,5,4,5>Effing STRONG drinks!!! the bartender was a little slow, but it was pretty busy in there. The seating options are plenty and there's even a little patio area in the back for sun shiny days.  prices aren't bad, but it can get a little smoky towards the end of the night.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,6/2/2013,95,86,19,14,9>From what I can see there's a few things that make the Slappy Cakes experience if you're bringing little people (which as typically rolling with my seven year gangsta homie, I was).GET THERE EARLY. I don't mean like 9:00, I seriously mean like 15 min before 8:00 am when the joint opens.HIT THE COFFEE POT ON THE WAY IN THE DOOR. Service was fantastic and our waitress checked on us several times, but dude seriously? It's 8am on a Sunday, and your kid is gonna be spun out on pancake crack once the initial 'Ooooh daddy, I ate too many pancakes' wears off. Do yourself a favor and drink all the coffee you can (aka: Parenting pro tip).KNOW YOUR LIMITS. So the suggested serving size per adult is one pitcher of batter per person, seriously? That is A LOT of pancakes, and if your little person has decided to roll with a different batter style? You're gonna be weeping when your kid says "NO PANCAKE LEFT BEHIND, DADDY" (two pitchers equals a lot of f***ing pancakes)DON'T LET YOUR KID BE AN A**HOLE. I'm very fortunate that Boogie is pretty well behaved as the little people go but I kid you not, I saw a woman stand by and let her child pour almost an entire bottle of syrup onto the griddle. Our waitress was really cool and smiled with the look of mute terror in her eyes that anyone who's been on the other side of the table knows all too well. BE LIKE THE HONEY BADGER. Look man, I don't care if you give a f*** or not. But seriously, if you go here and don't order the lavender honey? Your taste in food will be suspect and chicks (or chicos) will no longer flock to you like geese. I went with one of their suggested combos: Granola, Green Apple, and Lavender Honey (because I'm a big hippie), and I strongly rate it in my list of fantastic life decisions (which granted, is a pretty short list so this one's really close to the top). I don't even like honey as a regular rule but figured I'd give it a shot. The only bummer was it was so f***ing good I didn't get around to trying the syrup.NUTELLA NEEDS AN ENVELOPE. My bestie in the Northwestie was with us and ordered their homemade nutella as a toping option, if you're going to put it in your batter (heh, heh that sounds dirty) make sure to put a little extra batter on top so it doesn't stick to the griddle (otherwise you're going to be like the syrup-griddle kid and chicks will no longer flock to you like...well you get the idea)DON'T BRING A BOOK. Our waitress was really nice and didn't make us feel rushed at all, but there's no denying the silent pressure that a line of waiting diners outside can provide. HAVE A FUN TIME. Seriously man, it's a pancake breakfast with your little person that you don't have to clean up after.The options are way fun, little people dig it, and if you're really lucky, you may score on...PANCAKE INDUCED NAP TIME. (a five star experience by itself).
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,6/1/2013,44,126,8,8,8>Have you found a better Sub Sandwich in PDX?  You have?  Really?  Where?  Oh that place?  Hmm I say you are a liar sir! (or ma'am).  Shut Up And Eat is just fantastic. All fresh bread, everything is cooked to order and they don't skimp on anything, If you are still hungry after an SUAE sub you might need to see a doctor.  You wont need anymore than the sandwich, but you still must order the fresh house made potato chips, you can take them home if you don't finish them, but drive fast because they will eat through the paper bag with the fresh potato desire to get free (so I admit there is some grease to the chips but you didn't go here to get skinny did you?)I love the name, but it will be hard to not at least say "Damn this is good" as you eat here.
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,5/31/2013,66,169,2,4,2>Most days of the week I'm lucky if I put makeup on. I'm usually running around between work and workouts looking flush, hair tied back, and pretty much not so glam. Since I have about 15 minutes to shower and get super model gorgeous between workouts and work, or hike and going out with the hubby and friends, I decided I needed a little help from a pro to make my minimal beauty regimen go a little further.Lash extensions - Figured I'd give them a whirl. Baby doll eyes with or without makeup. I'll take that! Aimee put these on yesterday and so far they've survived sleep and a morning workout. You'd be surprised at how great you can look overall even when your lashes are the only thing that isn't a hot mess. They don't feel heavy and they didn't get in my way. I am a little nervous to wipe my face but I'm sure I'll get used to them soon. I'll get a touch up next week before my vacation so she can check to see if I've done any damage during my "get to know you" stage with these new flirty lashes of mine.Hair color - Aimee's a pro. I really just wanted her to make me look better. She did. She has a great eye for color and what will look good on someone. I trusted her expertise and I am not disappointed. Brazilian Blow Out- Dude. I am so going to try this next week. I've heard about it but I never thought about doing it. I don't know why. My hair is a monster that takes a ton of work to tame. When I workout it frizzes. When I visit my in-laws in the south it frizzes - even after flat ironing. Any style I create in the morning can be destroyed by weather or sweat. Well, I shall let you all know how it turns out. I'm excited! Less work on a daily basis to look beautiful? You are speaking my language!
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,5/28/2013,152,351,4,9,6>"The human body is a machine which winds its own springs." ~Julien Offray de la Mettrie (1748)While I'm no Hedonist (despite all evidence to the contrary), and I roundly dispute the mechanistic view of the human body, Monsieur Julien should be commended for two things:One, defending the idea that the mind can affect, even heal the body. And two, pissing off the entire Enlightenment establishment. Dude fled to Prussia, torches and pitchforks not far behind. He later died from an overindulgence of pâte. And also probably Prussian maidens..... Which brings me to shiatsu. It's a type of massage that's more about pressure points and energy flow than separating the individuals fibers of your muscles with motions of blinding pain. (I'm not a fan of Swedish massage.) Shiatsu relaxes the body, supporting your natural healing processes. Helps wind your springs.That is, if you can find someone to do the winding. Jolene has the hands you need. And maybe the occasional knee. [Yelp 30 Challenge: 17/30]
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,5/27/2013,75,83,9,13,10>Lardo's Double Burger is so amazing I recently found myself stopping by there to procure one twice in two days' time. The only downside being, it may have been my whole week's calorie allotment. I am not sure what Lardo sauce is, but let me tell you, it's damn good and it ain't low-cal. Fortunately, the burger comes with a gigantic pickle chip speared to the top. I have rationalized that pickle as a 'vegetable side', which in my thinking, serves to counteract the effects of the dense beef, slab of pork belly, abundant cheddar and oozy sauce. You know, eat your pickle and stave off the angioplasty. The burger alone is a ton of food, so I don't usually have room for the Lardo Fries...but I think about the fries every time I go. Yes, they are cooked in lard. Probably my stomach will stretch after a few more of those burgers and I'll be ordering both before long. Prior to discovering the burger, my standard choice had always been the Griddled Mortadella. It can be pretty drippy to eat but I'd say, if you have to, wear a bib before passing up a chance at one of these. It is one of those food experiences you'll want to clue-in others about ("Oh, you're going to Lardo? You HAVE TO try the Mortadella"). Once I ordered the Smoked Coppa Cubano sandwich, and found it to be a bit disappointing--too dry. I think it may have been overcooked so I'd give it another shot sometime, if the unthinkable happened and they were out of Double Burgers and Mortadellas. There is often a long line, since everything is made to order, but I found out you can call ahead and have food ready when you arrive. The phone was off the hook last time I tried though (bummer) so I did have a 15 minute wait for my to-go order in addition to the 15 minutes I'd already waited in line. I used part of this time to ooh and ahhh over everything that came out of the kitchen. The pork belly with fried egg sandwich may be next on my to-try list. And then I used the rest of the time to run to the liquor store down the block. You know, in the interest of multitasking.Which reminds me to mention Lardo's inventive cocktails, a welcome amenity now that that the former cart has established a proper restaurant space. Late Friday and Saturday hours (til midnight) are a plus. And the recently erected dining tent just eliminated the only thing keeping me away from Lardo on a blustery day.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,5/26/2013,119,205,5,11,11>Vinyl is dead - Long live Vinyl.  That's right, it died and now it's back - well, sort of.While CD sales are failing, and music downloads are rising;  while the dominat music distribution paradigm shifts once again, sales of vinyl are on the rise.Back in the 60s and early 70s when vinyl was king, the major labels pressed millions of copies off their production platens, and then, if sales were good, they would press a million more off of the same worn out platens - the awful sounding reissues.  The result was that early records off the platens sounded okay, but the tail end of the run suffered in sound quality.Todays vinyl market is smaller and more demanding.  Small boutique manufactures are remastering and reissuing the really great music of past decades, in limited runs, using state of the art equipment.  Classic Records, Acoustic Sounds, Mosaic Records, Heavenly Sweetness, and others produce vinyl re-issues that are equal to, or in some cases superior to the original mass produced issues. If you're a Jazz fan like me, that's great news, because original jazz issues from Blue Note, Prestige, Impulse, Riverside and others labels can sell for hundreds of dollars if you can find them.  I don't have to get ripped off by the pirates on eBay anymore trying to fill in my missing jazz vinyl - I just head to Music Millennium.While other "used record stores" carry a bigger selection of mass produced used vinyl - including those awful re-issues, Music Millennium carries the best selection of new, high quality, reissues.  I stop in a least once a week to pick up a new Heavenly Sweetness reissue of some lovely Blue Note classic.
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,5/25/2013,132,271,3,10,9>Portland has one of the best airports in the country maybe even the world.+ It was definitely one of the first few that offered free WiFi when others were still charging or not even have an option for one.  + The MAX goes right *inside* the building, $2.50 gets you to downtown in less than an hour. How awesome is that!+ Knowing that it rains more often than not here, they have a nice clear rooftop that covers the area between the terminal and the short-term parking garage, so you won't get rained on while loading/unloading passengers.+ The security people are fast, courteous, make jokes while you wait in the line and actually smile to you.  There are two security checkpoint, so you can pick whichever is shorter since they're all connected.+ On a clear day, you can see the majestic Mt. Hood either from the airport or in your plane.Love it!
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/24/2013,26,100,2,9,4>I've lived in the Hollywood District for a few years now and pizza was something this neighborhood was lacking on a very serious level. So I was ecstatic when I heard Atomic Pizza was moving in next door to the Hollywood Theatre.The place is sleek and clean, but also very welcoming with warm wood tones.  There's a TV for the sports fans, but you can also sit and gaze out the window onto Sandy.  The seating is set up great too, because it can accommodate all sorts of group sizes too, from just by yourself at the bar like seating near the window to larger groups in a booth.The pizza is very thin, which usually isn't my thing, but I loved it! The cheese is super delicious and I loved very bite.  Then there's the ice cream, which is some of the best I think I've ever tasted.  I can't wait to return to try all of the flavors!The staff was incredibly nice! Even when we screwed up on our tab. Once again, super sorry about that!  They also said they were teaming up with the Hollywood so slices will be available there to enjoy during your movie watching experience!I will be making many happy returns!
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,5/23/2013,248,813,7,11,10>At least for this visit, the stars aligned in such a way for five stars to get awarded.I've developed quite an affection for poutine, that good ol' Canadian comfort food dish. But here, I had a take on a version I never had before: Poutine Mac ($9). It basically calls for macaroni instead of fries. A hearty helping arrives in a rounded ceramic dish with a handle.Since this place also allows you to make any mac spicy, you know I had to take that option. I inquired on what's added to make the dish spicy. Sriracha is the main component, and here, it's incorporated into the beef gravy. Double win.I thought the gravy was excellent, and I encourage fellow spicy-food lovers to take that spicy option. Even though I can handle some ridiculous pain, I still felt the pleasing spicy kick here.The macaroni was perfectly cooked to my liking, just past al dente. I've actually never had fried cheese curds prior to this experience, and now I want more. I believe one of the workers said it was a Fred's brand, which I've never personally heard of. It's an orange-colored cheese curd here, breaded and fried.At the time of my visit, there were maybe 6-7 other customers. I received my meal pretty quickly, considering that each mac is constructed to order. A set amount of macaroni is probably already cooked before opening, just to speed up the process that much more on orders.The place was a bit on the dim side, and the lunch boxes are still on the wall.And yes, Mac sells a more traditional poutine (using fries) as an $8 starter. There's beef gravy and fried cheese curds (instead of regular curds). Fried cheese curds can also be purchased separately for $5, some marinara sauce on the side.I also saw that you can get any mac as a burrito for 50 cents more. A great idea for people on the go. Or for someone that just likes burritos. *raises hand*Finally, there's a Sunday brunch menu that looks great. I hope to try that out in the future. For right now, I'm chalking this place up as a must-stop.
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,5/22/2013,94,218,2,8,8>Great new place in Downtown that is also open for breakfast!I stopped in with a group of girlfriends after we had met for happy hour elsewhere.  Just wanted to check this place out and drink some wine.Doug, the bartender, was very friendly and not at all put out that we wanted to try several wines before deciding on a bottle.  After we finished, he volunteered to give us all a healthy taste of another wine he was particularly fond of.We looked at the food menu and it is very reasonably priced.  We had already eaten so I look forward to trying their food on my next visit.This has only been open for about a week and it is still a work in progress.  They are going to build out a private event space and put up some art work.  At the moment, it is a bit lacking in ambiance but what it is lacking there it makes up with very friendly service!
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2011,3/16/2012,143,110,3,9,8>Came here with my date, and we sat in the Movie Parlor for Contagia (non alcohol screen sadly).  I actually got tickets from groupon, which split the 18/ticket cost in half.  But if youre going to come here to watch a movie, get a Movie Parlor ticket! The back and middle rows consist of love seats and single seat couches, and the front rows have these amazing long couches that I guarantee you will doze off in after just a few minutes. (you cant really see the screen from the front, but its a nice place to take a purchased nap!) The extra cool thing about the back row is that there are only four love seats, and they each have an ottoman-style place to rest your stinky feet! The entire theater for the Movie Parlor screens probably only holds about 35-40 viewers, so its a nice intimate setting. Couches + Movies = Why not?!We ordered the cupcake dessert dish after much cajoling from the server for $8.99 but it did come with three full sized cupcakes, that were decently gourmet-like.  I would say if youre just going to watch a movie, you can visit a Regal and have a fine time, but if you want to mix it up but pay a little (lot) more for a ticket, its worth at least a try or two.
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,3/15/2012,61,282,5,13,11>I had been craving a hamburger all day when I walked into the Burger Barn. So glad I did! They know how to cook a mean burger. The menu has a large selection of burgers, cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches, salads, soups and a few good beers are on tap. I got a mushroom burger with cheddar. Side of shoestring fries came with it. Lightly sprinkled with salt and pepper. Crispy outside with a little soft inside...done just right. The burger was really good....and I mean REALLY good. Big slab of burger filled with juice and flavor. It came with mayo, lettuce, tomato, and pickle. The bun was very fresh. I thought it was one of the better buns I have had on a burger.The atmosphere isn't anything special. It has been improved recently however and the owner has really made a difference with changing the place from how it used to be. I think a review for a burger joint can just focus on the quality of the food and not worry too much about the rest so I give this place a strong 4 stars for the good quality of the food. Atmosphere can always be improved. I live in the neighborhood and will totally be back for another killer patty of meat. Thanks for providing a great new spot on Glisan. I know the neighborhood is very happy and I hope business keeps growing :)
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,3/14/2012,550,1055,12,15,10>Believe the hype...One of the best fried chicken joints in P Town...is in this dive bar..One bartender who will fry your chickens..$6.50 will get you 3 pieces of chicken with GIANT size Jo Jos...You can literally bitch slap someone with those giant jo jos..The chicken's skin is crunchy..meat is tender, juicy, and seasoned perfectly...You can dip them in sauces (yes not only one sauce)..you can dip them in ranch, buffalo, honey mustard, dijon mustard, sweet & sour, or bbq.If dive bar ain't your thang, place a to go order and you can enjoy the same delicious fried chicken too...Make sure to grab extra napkins...it will be messy.
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2011,3/13/2012,30,88,3,10,7>My friend and I were looking for a place to eat and a drink (I had a rough day) and we also wanted to go shopping at Uwajimaya. We found this place to be nearby and with the talk of these tremendously great burgers, we decided to go. It definitely looks like a dive bar.. from the outside and well, also the inside.On the corner is a Shirley's doughnuts and 2 doors down from Shirley's is Beaverton Bakery.  It is a comfort food glutton's heaven! As proven by the family parked next to us wolfing down donuts in their car.We sat at a table and I have to say the bartender and cook were very nice and also took turns helping customers.  They have a good variety of beers, however, their seasonals are Ninkasi. YAY! Ninkasi Sleigh'er... YUM!!I order the Heat Wave Burger and my friend ordered the Heat Wave Chicken Burger. I substituted my fries for the deep fried pickles. I think they have some of the best deep fried pickles in town. I think what did it for me was the additional dill in the batter. Note: as we were sitting at our table by the window, we saw more people sitting in their car eating donuts and 1 person, a donut and a Napolean... Glutton's heaven.I will be back for a burger, a beer and my deep fries pickles. Also, they do have pinball....
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,3/11/2012,225,201,3,8,8>OMG! There are very few things I love in this world more than bacon, and one of those things is good Korean food! So what do you get when you mix the two together? An OMG breakfast joint! How does a kimchi omelette smothered in mouth-watering cheese with bul gogi sound? Pretty darn good. Now throw on a side of the thickest slices of bacon you've ever seen, fried to crispy perfection, and you've got yourself one bada$$ breakfast. Cameo's homemade hotsauce was awesome too!Oh, and did I mention the pancakes are perfectly cooked and formed into a Mickey Mouse head and ears? What's there not to like about this place? Well, maybe the price, but you do get what you pay for. Cameo, you are my new breakfast love when I'm on your side of town. But why do you have to be so expensive? =/
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,3/10/2012,47,232,7,15,11>A co-worker and I were considering lunch options as we were conducting business yesterday, and as we were near the 217/Beaverton-Hillsdale interchange, we were mulling the usuals.  These included Best Baguette, Roxy's, Beaverton Sub Station... the staples.  Not long before lunch itself, he called to say that he passed a BBQ cart called "Pork Chop City" near the intersection of 96th and BH Highway, and suggested we give it a try.  Oh, okay...It's (currently) just west of McDonald's on BH Highway in a very, very small parking lot that it shares with a few other businesses.  I showed up a bit early to peruse the menu and managed to squeeze my pickup into one of the 3 designated parking spots on their side of the lot.  Pork Chop City primarily does BBQ, including pork chops, ribs, brisket and chicken.  Typical BBQ sides are available, ranging from baked beans to cole slaw and apple sauce.  They've got some unexpected menu choices, as well, including self-proclaimed "award winning" spaghetti and pork chop chili.  Despite the fact that I was intrigued by both, I stuck with a staple: pulled pork sandwich, some baked beans and lemonade.The pulled pork is served plain/naked on a toasted bun.  Honestly, the flavor, texture and consistency of the pork was perfect.  Salty, smoky, and hardly any fat or gristle to be found.  They have an array of BBQ sauces in bottles to supplement your BBQ with, and I tried 3.  Standard BBQ, hot ginger and honey coffee.  My BBQ taste runs toward the "less spicy" range of things, and I vastly preferred the honey coffee sauce.  It's vinegar based and a lovely combination of sweet, sour, bitter and tangy.  The baked beans were... okay.  Nicely cooked and good texture, but kinda plain.  A hint of pepper or a bit more seasoning would be nice.There's one long table in front of the cart with a dozen or so chairs.  The bees were out in force when we visited, and that made for a less than pleasant experience.  We had the opportunity to visit with the owner, Roger, and he's a pleasant guy that has obviously got a quality product and a decent brunch/lunch choice in the area.  Apparently the city is giving him some grief about his signage and he expressed disappointment with that.  I think it's a safe bet you could see this cart move from it's current location in the not-too-distant future.  I'll follow.  I liked my sandwich and I'm looking forward to trying both the chili and the spaghetti.
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2012,3/9/2012,200,109,7,16,9>I first came here when I was seeking supplies for painting my entire body gold. For obvious reasons. Not only did they have gold body paint, they had the kind for your regular parts, like legs and arms, and the kind for your sensitive lil' face. They also had gold body SPRAY, to cover large swathes of back and belly without all that time-consuming powder application. And let's not forget the gold hairspray. They had that, too.And you know what? Had I wanted to paint myself green, blue, chartreuse or rainbow, they would've had everything I needed for that, too. Not to mention everything I would need for any costume I could possibly think of. And a few costumes I probably couldn't think of. Wigs of all colors, shapes, and sizes. Headbands, tiaras, feather boas and feather eyelashes. Costumes for rent, costumes for sale, costume jewelry, fake tattoos... accessories, accessories, accessories.Honestly, I can't think of a better place to go for all your costumery needs. The one and only thing they don't have? Toe shoes. I know because I called and asked, and they looked and looked before calling me back and giving me a nice long list of all the places in town that DO have toe shoes. Now that's service!
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,3/8/2012,145,186,10,14,36>I had a mind blowing experience in Europe last summer.  I cycled my way through the French countryside, spent dreamy nights in chateaus and chugged enormous beers on the streets of Germany.My whimsical world of surreal moments turned in to a nightmare the day I flew back to Portland. The doctors said my mom was on her last moments of life and I spent every single day snuggled up to her comatose body, wishing it was a bad dream.  My brothers rotated hospital shifts with me and on the mornings when I just couldn't cry anymore, I would strap on my running shoes and head for the bridge.There is a forceful ease that overtakes you when running across the St Johns Bridge, with its Gothic arches and beautiful architecture--full of secrets.  Something that reminds you that there is beauty amidst a crisis like losing one of the people you love most in the universe.  I ran over that bridge everyday for three months. Often times with a  heart so heavy I could barely move, mascara'd tears running down my face. Sometimes I walked and looked down at the water. Sometimes the way the beautiful sun lit up the peaks of the mountains reassured me that things were going to be ok. That bridge, with its bewitching lights and Gothic glow,  brought me more serenity than the cards and the hugs and the messages telling me that I would get through it.I did get through it and so did my mom. Months later when she smacked the nurse with the cane she had been given on her way out of the hospital, I knew she was getting back to her snarky old self.She is 100% better today and I continue to run over that bridge. Every time I do, there is something new to appreciate about it.  Every time, I am reminded of how fortunate I am that my mom is alive and that I live in a town with a bridge so amazing.
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2011,3/7/2012,33,135,4,9,8>Good restaurant experiences are not a difficult thing to come by in Portland. My experience at Veritable Quandary was far beyond good, it was absolutely amazing, and something I have found myself thinking about often for the last week, hoping that I soon will have another chance to eat there. Until then I guess I'll just write about it. I came here with my girlfriend and her parents on what turned out to be a stellar meet the parents date. We started out with duck confit spring rolls and bacon wrapped dates. The spring rolls were fantastic, and I would have been happy to sit there and eat a few orders of those, but then I would have missed out on all the other great dishes. I hate dates and anything that has dates in it. Or at least I did until I have the bacon wrapped dates. They were sweet, savory and salty, and a total surprise. I loved them. Next was the artesian cheese plate, that came with an assortment of nuts, fruit, quince jam and three amazing cheeses, that aside from brie, I can't recall the name of right now. Quince jam with cheese and bruschetta is my new love.My girlfriend and I shared a Ceasar salad and a roasted wild mushroom and baby spinach salad with buttermilk blue cheese and pancetta vinaigrette . The Ceasar salad was very good, but the mushroom salad was amazing. I am not a huge mushroom fan, but this salad may have changed my mind. I would go there for this salad alone. For dinner I ordered the pork chop with collard greens, biscuit and maple butter. I am not a big pork chop fan, but it sounded good and with how good everything else had been, why not give it a shot? So I guess pork chops can be good. Tender and moist even. Wow, they managed to yet again take something I wasn't a big fan of, and make it great. Needless to say, I thoroughly enjoyed my biscuit and maple butter and collard greens. I love how my pork came with a little roasted apple on the side. Delicious. My girlfriend and her mom both had the ravioli, which was very good, and her dad had the blackened Hawaiian Walu, which, having lived in Hawaii the last nine months, I thought I had tried it all. Apparently not. This was better than any of the fish I had on the big island, and I had a lot of fish there. It was buttery, super moist and just melted in your mouth. I can only pray they still have this when I come back. Everyone agreed that it was a phenomenal dinner. Just when I thought I couldn't eat anymore, we had dessert. Bittersweet chocolate hazelnut galette and a cream cheese cranberry tart. At this point, I was already stuffed, but there is always room for dessert, especially when it is this good. The galette, was extremely rich and chocolatey, and I loved every bite, but the tart was easily my favorite. Much lighter than the galette, it was reminiscent of a cranberry cheese cake. I think I ended up eating half of the dessert. I am not ashamed. The service was stellar. Our server was incredibly knowledgable, friendly and attentive. Our drinks were always full, our food came out very well paced. Not too fast, not too slow, and in spite of their amazing service, I never felt bothered or rushed even though the place was packed. The best service I have had in a long time, possibly ever. Kudos to the staff, you all do an amazing job. I loved my first experience here and will definitely be back. A superb meal, that made for an even more memorable evening.
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,3/6/2012,143,429,14,12,12>Beer for breakfast?  Check.Burgers as big as my head?  Check.Onion rings that would inspire a quest to Mordor?  Check.Eye candy bartender?  Check.This place offers good ol' fashioned pub fare in a positively divey little tavern.  Basic selections of monumentous size and flavor, alongside a short and sweet selection of beer on tap.  My friend and I meandered in here on a late weekend morning for a tavern brunch of burgers and beer.I ordered the basic hamburger and didn't have a shred of hope that I might actually finish it.  It was big, juicy and probably housed more calories than the average person needs in a day.  It was smeared in a house sauce that would rival Burgerville Spread, and came with a stack of fries that was enough for two or more people.  Eric C. ordered the Jumbo-Burger, which was easily twice the size of my monster and loaded to the hilt in cheese.  We also grabbed a side of onion rings to share, which made our side of fries a bit superfluous.I washed my burger down with a huge glass of MacTarnahan's Amber beer, which as everyone knows is totally legit for breakfast on the weekend, or maybe just days that end in Y.I'll be back soon to enjoy this divey little tavern.  It looks like a great place to enjoy the sunshine in the outdoor seating or warm up with a brew inside in the winter.*As a note, remember to bring cash.  They do not accept cards, although I believe they have an ATM on premise.
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,11/27/2014,18,261,6,6,4>I'm somewhat of a pho beginner - or I'm just super picky. I always get eye of round steak with my beef pho, and it's always delicious! Pho Hung didn't let me down. The broth is incredible....very flavorful. My mom and I both got the "small" pho bowls, which are always ridiculously huge and I never come even close to finishing. They're only $7.50 and $8 for a large - so if you want leftovers, just go for the large! I can't speak for most of the other food on the menu, but I know there's tons of options.Service was excellent, and I think we had our meals delivered to our tables in probably less than five minutes. The only thing I didn't like about pho hung is that it smelled really badly - like people had been smoking in there for years. They also play weird elevator music from their boombox, lol. But the food is still delicious and I'll definitely be going back..soon!
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2014,11/26/2014,84,213,8,11,7>"Heads up" hop heads!  Hurry, head-over to Fat Head's. A new brew pub opened its doors today in the Pearl District! Walk don't drive if you plan on bending and elbow, tipping a few and checking out the Fathead brew! Whew! The taps are flowing with fresh frothy foamy heads, many styles that'll make your head FAT. Fat Head features a class section of its own brews, along with 25+ other Portland guest brewer's, all on tap. Imagine that! Get what your taste buds crave!  Or try something new, like Fat Head's Wallop Pale Ale (6.9% ABV, 70 IBU) citrus and piney, hit me in my fat head like a full-on IPA--very smooth but real hoppy! I wanted to try the Woodhunter IPA but it is not on tap yet so the Firestone IPA (for me) and Breakside IPA (my wife) was a good alternative (but there is also Bridgeport, Deschutes, Ninkasi, Ten Barrel, Lagunitas, Boneyard, Hopworks, Fort George and on)--Beervana under 1 roof! Foodies, there's a diverse menu of salads, sandwiches-on-steroids (some the size of Texas), stone oven pizza and burgers to try.  We tried two sandwiches, the Damn Straight Burger with Tillamook cheddar and house made chipotle ketchup along with Mighty Fine Bovine, house smoked beef brisket and pastrami with habanero hot pickle relish, kraut, onion and garlic mayo--both really good.  I believe there should be a little more meat on the pastrami/beef sandwich. The waiter said the beef is pasture raised so I suggest Fathead on the the next menu iteration highlight that, because this foodie, like many in Portland, go for grass-fed beef as opposed to contained animal feed lot (CAFO) beef.  Our waiter also told us the pork comes form Olympic Provisions--cool!Fries (OK) and in house potato chips (great) came with sandwiches.  It is a new place so its my Yelping place to inform the Manager, Dominick, the fries were delivered cold so he said they are working on 3 potato purveyors to tweak the best fries for customers. We'll see next time. The vibe is big, open, convivial inside-- a good place  to hang for a good brews, good grub with a few good friends.--and WiFi. Good service.  Check out my pics. So far this Hop Head is liking Fat Head!
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2014,11/25/2014,143,429,6,10,11>This place is totally worth the drive out to Battle Ground for. I've been searching for a place that will make me a sauerkraut pizza for the last 4 years and ran across Uncle D's finally. I know, I get it. Sauerkraut sounds like an awful pizza topping, in theory. I thought the same thing when I saw someone order one in Montana. I made a face, I looked at them like they were cracked, I probably asked them if they were cracked. And then I tried it and I was instantly converted. Just trust me. Or better yet, get yourself to Uncle D's and try it for yourself. I personally like a Hawaiian with sauerkraut but Uncle D's will gladly put it on any pizza version you like. When you call in they will prep the pizza but inform you that it doesn't go into the oven until you get there, which is cool because it takes only a few minutes to cook in the wood fired oven right in front of you. I will be making many return trips to Uncle D's to satiate my weird sauerkraut pizza needs.
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2014,11/24/2014,240,523,10,12,12>If you are not super picky about your bread, you can find this store as a gem. They have wheats, different kind of grains, potato, among other breads. They also have packaged cakes, bagels, packaged powdered donuts, packaged pies and frozen pies. Franz got granola bars too. Have you missed your basic condiment grocery run? Are you in a jam cause you're out of jelly? They have them. What's awesome about this is if you spend some dollar amount at their store, you can treat yourself to some of their baked goods( mostly loaves of bread and hotdog buns). Just be on the look out of the expiry date and have it consumed before hand. This is a simple store for people with basic needs.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,11/23/2014,200,109,17,17,13>What's not to love about the Bye and Bye? Its like Portland, concentrated (10x the hipster power, free!). Studied, quirky art, bartenders well-versed in the art of aloofness and mustache-grooming, vegan bar snacks and a big ol' patio stocked fresh daily with young, white trust-funders in identical plaid shirts and alternative haircuts toting macbook pros in beat-up messenger bags means that if you're looking for the full airquotes "Portland" experience, look no further. The drinks come in MASON JARS, people. It's like the whole thing was designed by an alterna-mompreneur with sleeve tattoos and a bad attitude.The place has plenty of room inside, with high ceilings and big windows at the front, but a creative use of space makes it feel cozy - room divisions and aforementioned quirky art go a long way to help create separate little seating areas for you and all your probably-not-hip-enough-for-this-place group of friends. If you run out of room inside, there's always the patio - covered, with a fence all around for max privacy, it's a nice spot on a sunny day.The drinks, Mason jars aside, really are fantastic. I am quite partial to the eponymous Bye and Bye, although I recommend that if you weigh less than 200 pounds (or aren't a career alcoholic - yet), you stick to just one. More than that and you risk having to drunk-dial a cab service and yell incomprehensibly at them until they hang up on you and your friend has to call them back and explain to them calmly that you need a ride home. Not that that's ever happened to me. Ahem.The food, also, is fantastic. It's all vegan, but seriously, if you're not a vegan, don't let that deter you. REALLY. I know that sounds like BS, but it isn't - everything is really really good. Take it from drunk-me (or, if you don't trust me, the hordes of drunk co-ed dropouts here every Friday and Saturday night): If drunk-Sarah (the sloppy hooker who craves only cheese, pepperoni, curly fries and Taco Bell) can find something to eat (and noisily enjoy) here, anyone can. And, if you ARE a vegan, even better. It's like a feast of wonderfulness.Now that I'm reading back over this, it sounds like I'm trying to convince you to NOT to go to the Bye and Bye - and it's definitely not for everyone. I mean crikey,  I'm probably a little too old and traditional-looking (lookit me! I work for a paycheck! I wear business casual!) to go there. But whatever. I like the food, and the drinks, and the space, and I don't mind being ignored by surly bartenders - maybe all that Portlandness affected my tolerance level for such shenanigans. But I've always had a good time here, so check it out if you're in the area.
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/22/2014,111,155,6,6,6>I wonder how many photos have been taken of the Drink in Oregon sign? I hear a rumor that there is a champagne button?! The Old Gold has fantastic food, a thoughtful draft list, and delicious boozy cocktails. As for the food, they have the best tofu bahn mi in town. You can quote me on that. The bar snacks like the popcorn with nutritional yeast, pickled veggies, and fries are tasty. The salads and garlic mac are also nothing to shake a stick at. The clientele can lean toward middle-aged white sports guys and their wives with shrill suburban lady voices (wow I just got specific), so I recommend heading toward the back area where it is a bit quieter. This is also a fantastic online date-watching bar. My favorite was some bruiser who exclusively spoke the whole date; including a ten minute dissertation about his favorite candy bars. The lady with him decided her best bet was to type away on her phone during this particular portion of the date. I bet they are married and happily live in Gresham now. I digress.Go here for drinks and eats, then head over to the Lost and Found to kick it some more.
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,11/21/2014,133,511,4,10,7>9pm, Monday. None of the food cart pods were open except for Sila Thai. Moon, the chef/owner is a hard-working business woman that understands the hustle--working when everyone else closes up shop, even on this rain-soaked evening. Reminds me of my immigrant parents who worked long hours and sacrificed much for a better life. And it seems to be paying off with perfect 5 star reviews and a healthy bottom line--upon asking, she says she's doing very well.And obviously she is, as the other reviewers stated, this Thai place is indeed a value. $6 for a freshly prepared meal from homemade sauces and spice mixes. I chatted with her this evening and she gave me a complimentary Thai tea. She is a sweet lady and I will definitely be back for more, since the pumpkin stir fry and red curry I ordered were well-seasoned and flavorful with just enough spice. And brown rice is no additional charge--who does that nowadays?If you're looking for a cheap wholesome meal made with care and love, come here.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/20/2014,44,125,3,4,7>Finally, I have time to write a review because the dress hunt is over. I went to multiple bridal shops AniA, Charlottes, both Bridal Exclusives, Davids Bridal, Rachele Consignment, Brides for a Cause and more. Rosewood was the first place I didn't feel judged because of my limited budget and big dreams. I pre-read the reviews so I went Monday at lunch so I could have the place to myself. Be warned they do not take appointments, which can be a blessing or a burden. They're closed Sundays. I suggest trying to go mid-day during the week. I never faced off with another bride in the smaller establishment. In terms of service, both Amy and Lisa helped me with input from the owner Teresa, they were all FANTASTIC and very professional. They helped me find dresses fitting my very specific criteria and budget, didn't bat an eye when I wanted to try them on again, and again, and again (probably 5-6 times). Answered my dozens of questions and ensured I felt great in the dress I was going to wear on my big day. I was very specific, I wanted lace, beading, sleeves of some sort, fit-n-flare, with boning/structure all for around 1k with minimal alterations. You can find that here, along with an assortment of other beautiful dresses. None of the other stores had dresses of a comparable quality and price. I shared some pics on here, of course, none of the dress I came home with (can't ruin the surprise).I had a little mishap on my order and they took care of it without hesitation after I came in the next day in panic mode, no sleep, sick to my stomach. All these gals are great, they really care, they're very professional, I would recommend them to any and everyone. My orders been placed, I can't wait to hold it in my hands in a few months.I'm going to need a few small alterations, so once that happens I'll update the review. Do yourself a favor and start here for your bridal gown needs.
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2014,11/19/2014,201,579,7,12,11>Being from the east coast and the Northeast specifically, one grows up with certain amenities. Italian delis are one of those. When I moved to Texas, it took several years before I found an old school Italian deli, and it has been around for over 40 years in Dallas.Now that I live in Portland, I figured I wasn't going to find such a place and then by random chance, I found Bacchi's. This is just a sandwich shop, so you're not going to find off brands of pasta or large tins of imported olive oil or meats hanging from the rafters. What you will find are folks from south Jersey/ Philly area who moved to this area and opened up a pretty good place to get a great sandwich that is actually a sandwich. For those from the northeast, they do have Tastykakes!The sandwiches are the star here and the Thumann's meats are also an east coast thing and makes it that much better. Italian hoagies, the Gabagool were where my interests went to. Capicola, prosciutto, provolone, hot peppers and Gabagool sauce. Essentially and oil and vinegar based sauce. So good. They have hot subs and even muffulettas plus canollis if you have the room. Do get over to Bacchi's, talk to some Eagles football, talk cheesesteaks and talk Italian food. Enjoy.
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2014,11/18/2014,142,265,5,12,10>State of the art, new climbing gym in the Pearl. I have been tracking this place for almost a whole year, marking their progress and waiting for their doors to open. I am so excited to say that time has finally come!Following the footsteps of their amazing legacy gym from San Fran, they know exactly what they are doing... in fact, I think this is the company's 4th gym nationwide. They put a lot of time, money, and thought into every bit of construction of this fantastic place. They have weights, cardio equipment, 55 foot rock climbing walls, hundreds of bouldering problems, a yoga studio, a spin studio, and a sauna. There is definitely something for everyone in this world-class over 30,000 square foot gym!The managers and staff are so nice and so excited for this place to open just as much as the public. They had a couple preview nights for avid fans to sign up for memberships early and take a sneak peek of the place. It was jaw-dropping. I have climbed at one of the biggest gyms in the country (Earth Treks - Bethesda, MD), as well as a lot of smaller ones. This place is Grand, capital G, Grand! It's like the "Equinox" of CLIMBING gyms. The locker room walls are gorgeous, they might actually be made of granite. Tons of day lockers, several bathroom stalls, and individual showers. Towel service included! Just try to only use one and don't abuse the towel availability for everyone else, unless you need a clean one post-shower, before entering the sauna, then by all means keep hygienic. They also have these cool sink faucets with built in Dyson hand driers (yes there are paper towels available as well), but what I really appreciate is the built in lotion pumps by the sinks. Great for those post-climb dry hands. Brilliant foresight, thank you Planet Granite!!!They don't have their own parking deck which is a bummer, but there is a decent amount of street parking since it's more on the edge of the Pearl neighborhood bordering the still developing areas of Naito Pkwy. Short walk to park, or short walk from where the street car takes you and you should be okay. Their rates, relative to their spectacular-ness, are unbelievable. Right now, for a couples month-to-month membership (which is obviously what I got) is only $55 per person! That is RIDONK!!!!! Speaking of Equinox, high class gyms of any affinity usually are over $100 monthly memberships per person, so think of it that way! It's a sweet deal, in fact they could've charged more and we would've still done it. This place is sick, totally worth it! You can tell how much money went into the place with the exquisite route setting. They obviously had enough dough to shell out a plethora of holds so they could have all matching-colored holds, despite changing them around all the time, so they didn't have to fuss up their beautiful walls (signature 3D styles by Walltopia) with so many different colors of constantly-removed-and-replaced masking tape.I could go on and on about how much this place is (pun-intended) ROCKIN', but actually I'm afraid too many people will come and crowd me out... hehehe. Seriously though, I fear for PRG, they are so going to lose some business. Source should still be safe though cuz not all people want to drive over the bridge to climb. To each their own... me... I think I found my local place.
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/3/2013,16,18,1,9,5>Little Bird is better than Le Pigeon. There. I said it. Never have I been to a restaurant where I've wanted to eat everything on the menu. Everything. This was my second time at LB. The first time was with my family over the holidays. We sat at a lovely, round table near the front window which was perfect for a larger party. We ordered about a dozen appetizers and salads to sample the menu along with a myriad of entrees.  Everyone was immersed in their food with nothing but the sound of "Mmmmms" of deliciousness emitted from the table.This time, G and I went as a couple. Our first experience there was sheer perfection and I was worried that there was potential for a letdown. Thankfully, I was not disappointed.We ordered the charcuterie plate to start. The terrine, liver pate, foie gras, pickles et al is definitely one of the better charcuterie plates in Portland (maybe second only to Olympic Provisions.) The foie gras crème brulee is an absolute treat. I've tasted nothing like it. I ordered the special (which I typically do in a place like this; it gives the chef an opportunity to use seasonal ingredients and also to shine.)  I had pomfret (like mini- marlin) served with grilled asparagus, crab hollandaise and a fried squash blossom stuffed with crab mousseline. It was delicate and exquisite. G had the cassoulet of duck leg. It was elegantly prepared and delightful (and filling!)  For dessert we had the lemon pot de crème and it was wonderful.The atmosphere reminds G of New Orleans, a place he is very fond of. There are French influences in the decor, but it's not ornate or frilly. The walls are an aqua-ish blue, the ceiling is tin, the wood accents are dark. Deer antlers pepper the walls which adds a masculine touch. The service is impeccable and friendly without being over the top. If you have to wait for your table (regardless of how long) the hostess will offer to order you a cocktail or glass of wine. And if you happen to like Manhattans, you will not be let down. I promise.Little Bird is definitely one of the best restaurants in Portland.  And please make sure to order something more adventurous than the burger.  There's so much to enjoy and devour in this stunning restaurant!
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,8/2/2013,128,53,3,4,4>Powerful.  Food:  They have recently expanded their food menu to include some very tasty treats.  Their mushroom flatbread is fantastic.  The popcorn is even something special.  but a lot of places are making crazy good popcorn.  Add Hop & Vine to your llist of great popcorn places.  And from it's beginning these guys have had one of the more amazing burgers I've had in my life.  It's got an egg on it as any bistro burger should.Drinks:  They are too good.  My wife is a fan of the champagne cocktail.  I hit up the rotating taps.  I appreciate greatly that they have a chalkboard that shows alcohol content and I think they also show IBUs but I'll have to double check that.  On Cinco de Mayo the margaritas were bomb.  Their well tequila is the 100% agave Il Jimador, which is awesome.Atmosphere: Nice and cozy inside.  Belly up to the bar, sit on a couch, or at any of the four top tables.  be sure to get familiar with the super awesome patio area in the back.  One of my favorite back patios in Portland.Service is good.  And just so you know you have to order everything from the bar.
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,8/1/2013,28,80,14,16,13>When I think of things I'd rather spend my day not doing, bra shopping is in the category of Dentist Visits, Picking up my dog's poop, and paying the bills.  Upon reflection, this is because I've not had a bra buying experience like the one I just had at the Pencil Test.  Walking in with my veluptious breasts, size 34DD (or so I thought( I dreaded having to try on bra after bra that didn't fit... and anticipated leaving disappointed.  Two other gals were in the dressing rooms, so I had to wait for about 30 minutes before being helped, but since so many people had reviewed this place with 5 stars, I decided to be patient, in the hopes that my wait would pay off.  The store is deceptively small.  There are just a few racks of bras in the front part, and a bit more in the back (along with some swimsuits and sports bras.)  Upon looking, I dreaded what I'd hear... "Sorry, this bra doesn't come in your size."Once one gal left, singing the praises of her new bra, Holly checked me out (ooo laa laa) and told me that she had a bra for me.  Inside I was like "really? Just by looking? This is going to go badly.  She stuck me in a changing room with a ridiculously pink (Pepto Bismal, anyone?) bra to try on.  It fit pretty well.  She came back a in a little bit, and asked to check it out, and told me it was a bit small.  So, she went to another size (I looked, it was a 34F??) It fit like a glove.  It fit like a bra should fit.  I told her the style wasn't up my alley, but the bra was awesome.  After telling her my requirements of a heavy duty "toddler chasin" style, she got me what she described as a "ugly mom-bra."  Though it was full coverage, it was the most comfortable thing I'd put on my ladies ever.  It fit perfectly, it supported, it was my new boyfriend (don't tell my husband.) When she told me it came in black, I knew I'd met my new best friend.  I bought two.While waiting for the gals earlier, I found a table full of shelf bra spaghetti strap shirts.  Thinking it was yet again one of those crappy "built in bra shirts," I picked it up.  AN UNDERWIRE IN THE BUILT IN BRA???!!!???  SIGN ME UP!I tried that one on, and it was equally glorious.  I felt hot, I looked hot, and for the first time I wasn't worried about my girls falling out of my bras... and I could wear a shirt that was hot, and supportive.  She even showed me that a strapless bra in my size that fit was not a pipe dream.  So, if I ever find a dress or shirt I really like that is strapless, I will be returning to buy one of those too.While waiting to try on my bras, and while I tried them on too, there were ladies singing the praises of the boob-whisperer.  It seems crazy to say, but she really did change my life too.  I will not be buying my bras anywhere else.Did I spend $210 on two bras and a shirt? Yes.  Am I regretting it?  Absolutely not.  Walk, don't run, your boobies to The Pencil Test.  Like.  Now.  Go!
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,7/31/2013,126,2155,9,19,11>Let's make something abundantly clear before we get started:This is an east coast style deli. They serve east coast style deli sandwiches. Don't come in here expecting to see local Oregon meats and cheeses galore. While those might be here from time to time, Thumann's Deli meats are what they use exclusively. Thumann's is from Carlstadt, New Jersey. That means the meat is trucked across country! *GASP! PORTLAND BLASPHEMY!* Thumann's is in nearly every east coast Italian style deli I've ever been in - the same is probably true for you. That said, no complaining about this not being local or organic or whatever else. It wasn't meant to be. It was meant to be an east coast style Italian deli and that's exactly what it is.That all said...FINALLY FINALLY FINALLY FINALLY FINALLYI've been longing for a place like this in Portland since I got here and realized they simply did not exist. The owner, who I imagine carries the last name Bacchi (That's Bah-Key, by the way. CHI = KEY in Italian barring some weird rules here and there) is a long time Portland resident hailing from south Philly. He said he wanted to bring the food he loved from his part of the country to Portland. Respect to that, and thank you.The offerings here are pretty solid. I've had two sandwiches so far:-The Italian Hoagie (thinly sliced prosciutto, hot capicola, hard salami, provolone, oil, vineagar, herbs, lettuce, tomato and onions on a hoagie roll) -The Gabagool (hot capicola, prosciutto, sharp provolone, hot cherry peppers, Gabagool sauce on a hoagie roll)Definitely coming back for the meatball parmesan and the Italian sausage, among other things.Sandwiches are around $8 (Pastrami is $10.50) and come with chips and a pickle. Drinks are available in the form of soda (Italian or canned USA style), a slew of coffee from Ristretto Roasters, deserts, pasta salads...etc. I loved both sandwiches so far. It's also nice to see a place like this take a chance in a neighborhood not known for getting many new places to eat. NE 67th and Sandy is not where I figured a place like this would be if and when we ever got one. I should note that I'd almost given up hope that we'd ever get a deli like this. I've considered opening one myself. Now I don't have to.If you've been starved for this kind of deli, your daydreams have finally been answered. However, if you must have Olympic Provisions meats (or similar) to believe a sandwich is worth eating, keep moving.
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,7/30/2013,202,297,4,14,10>Life is like bui natural Tofu, you never know what you're gonna get. I consider myself an adventurous eater and I am willing to try most things. The choices at this small Vietnamese deli vary from day-to-day. The items nearer to the register are not even labeled. I just go for it and hope for the best. The steamed rice cakes with various toppings always look good.  It's pretty inexpensve to try something new. To steal a line, "If it looks good, eat it."The usual suspects and more recognizable fare are stellar and so inexpensive. $2.75 for tofu salad rolls, $3 for shrimp salad rolls. They are crankin out their own homemade tofu at a ridiculous price of 50 cents per block cold and 60 cents per block fried. Thier lemongrass tofu is such a great finger food. It is my favorite fried snack at the moment. Plus, it's only 3 bucks!I make the trek out from Hillsboro specifically to stock up on their fresh tofu, grab salad rolls for dinner, and lemongrass tofu to snack on in while in traffic on the way home.
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,7/29/2013,87,106,7,11,8>What a relief - not all garden nurseries scream pretension in Portland.  Some places make you feel like you're not in their green thumb club since you don't grow organic or you've used Miracle Gro (a girl's gotta start somewhere!).  This is NOT the case at City Farm - they've got everything for novice and master gardeners alike.  The staff is easy going and plants are well organized; the tomatoes are arranged by type (cherry, paste, etc.) and then each section is sorted alphabetically.  This is great if you are familiar with a particular heirloom tomato or know exactly what you want.  If you don't, there are always friendly faces around to help you.  They even bring you a tray if they see your poor boyfriend is running out of hands.The name City Farm perfectly describes what they sell - everything you need to build your own little farm in the city.  They sell chicks, chicken condos, feed, starter plants, seeds, gardening supplies, and on and on and on... for those of us who can't make it to Linnton Feed & Seed and want to stay away from the major stores like Home Depot or Lowe's, City Farm is the perfect first stop in growing your own produce or cultivating your own oasis in the city.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,7/28/2013,148,708,10,12,8>Damn it damn it damn it. I hate that I loved this place. Today was Princess' last day of school. We picked her up and braved the drive in monsoon-like rain through the west hills so she could try some  sea salt and caramel ice cream. Yeah, we wanted it too. I mean, come on.  Their website list of flavors entices  eastward even the most reluctant west sider. Coffee and bourbon?Yes please!Perfect timing. Parking a block away. Only 3 people ahead of us in line and  quite a bit of available seating. ( that looked very very different by 5pm).The nice lady helped us try flavors. Balsamic strawberry bliss. ( ok I may have altered its actual monniker). Yummy olive oil. Salivating snickerdoodle. Bourbon coffee bomb. Yummmmm. 3 waffle cones with double scoops set us back $20.25. Which is admittedly expensive. This was a special treat. I think on a typical day we'd get one scoop ( which they generously allow you to choose two flavors for if you want, with two  scoops you could try four kinds). The waffle cones are especially perfect. Vanilla-y. Light. Crisp. Mmmmm. Princess chose salted caramel and snickerdoodle. The snickerdoodle was super cinnamon flavored and had big cookie chunks in it. She loved it. Hubby had bourbon stout and coffee bourbon. The coffee was his favorite. It was awesome. My cone? Olive oil and salted caramel. I liked both. The olive oil was surprising and tasty. This was a successful outing into the wilds of NW 23rd. I think we're very likely to do it again. Next time? Affogato. I saw one and I pine for it now.
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,7/27/2013,114,186,3,5,3>This review is based on the experiences/expectations I had. I enjoy showings in the Movie Parlor, their ultra-high-end theater. They key to a good experience there is to get there early (at least 45 minutes, with tickets purchased), or 30 minutes on a weekday.They run Groupon/Living Social/Sharing Spree, etc, all the time - there deals can be cashed in the day the promo ends, so at those times the theaters really fill up quickly, especially for that next month. The deal is a great deal (19 for two tickets and a drink/food voucher, is a better deal than your standard regal showing even) but again, it causes the theater to be much busier, especially because this is a deal that isn't "capped" so if you've ever checked how many sold, it's literally thousands.You pay a little more, for the experience. The 21+ theater, especially during the week, is nice to not have children around. However, if you go on a weekend night to a 21+ theater, look out for drunk folks who may end up being equally as disruptive. I saw a move there a couple weeks ago in which a group of 2 middle-aged couples (late 30s/early 40s) just drank and drank and drank their bottles of wine, kind of disrupting my friend and I (who are both mid-twenties.. so it's not always the younger adults you have to look out for!). The food is priced similar to a moderately priced-restaurant, and the quality really isn't there, I stick to a wrap generally speaking if I'm ordering move-food services. There are tons of restaurants at Progress Ridge, or if you can catch happy hour before/after your showing, I typically go for that. Their normal concessions (soda/popcorn, etc) are priced the same as any other movie theater.I expect to pay a bunch of money when I go to a theater, so I don't get all upset the way a lot of people do about the pricing, etc. I prefer typically to stay home and watch a movie, but sometimes it is nice to go out. Shows at this theater typically sell out on weekends, and yes, getting there early for the Movie Parlor and Living Room theaters is sort of annoying, but I can't fault the theater for other people also getting there early and wanting to see the same movie I do.I have paid full-price for the 21+ theaters before, as a treat for someone else, and yeah, it was expensive - but if you cannot fit it into your budget that month, don't go, no one is making you.
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,7/26/2013,670,102,4,10,6>Favorite Dim Sum in Oregon. I also love that they serve all of the items on weekdays (9a-3p), too. I've found that a lot of restaurants serve the full menu only on Saturday and Sunday mornings when it's typically the most busy. I was only disappointed in the Gok Bao. (The baked pork bun) ... it was half the size that I'm used to. Sad panda. We ordered two orders. Happy panda. Then I felt excessive. Sad panda.The Shumai is my favorite (think dry wonton but wrapped only on the sides and bottom) - it will always be in the cart with the round silver containers - along side of the chicken feet, pork spareribs and Ha Gow (shrimp dumpings - most dim sum places don't de-vein their shrimp, esp in this dumpling.. it's the only reason why I don't order it. Can't get past the poop vein... get's me every time). My second favorite dim sum item is Cheong Fun (think steamed rice noodle squares, rolled into a flat burrito with 4 shrimps in it - yes these shrimps are de-veined - and then covered in a sweet soy sauce based concoction). I always finish with some Jin deui, a sesame ball (crispy and chewy, filled with a sweet black bean paste) and bak tong goh - sweet rice cake.All of the items are fresh and hot, they haven't been circling around the tables of people slurping (yes, loudly slurping) and nom-nom'ing while talking, for hours. Always a plus.Delicious and a good health rating... which is always ideal.. obviously :)
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2013,7/25/2013,112,125,10,9,9>Every district needs a dive bar and this one is mine!The music is loud, the pool table acts up, the balls are mis-numbered, the pool sticks are missing their tips, the tables are sticky, your drink is stiff,  the bathroom is some place you never want to visit, and some drunk guy is asking you if he can buy you a drink... what more are you looking for when you just want to satisfy your basic drinking needs? They have a great draft list, the usual PBR's, well priced well-drinks, a great selection of the prime alcohol, I hear they have food but the sketchy dive bar vibe keeps my stomach full every time. No reason to go anywhere else unless you're wanting a crafted cocktail shaken by someone wearing suspenders, or you've got yourself a date that you're wanting to wine and dine.. other then that Crow Bar is the perfect spot to get those pre-dinner drinks for cheap, or its just a place to hang out at with no one trying to rush you through your drinks!
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,7/18/2011,104,97,8,8,9>This is a very cool place to take someone from out of town.This is a tasty spot to get a Martini after dinner.This is a sexy bar to bring a date and share a drink.This is a very sexy bar to find a date and buy a drink.This is a great place to have a drink of any kind.House made bitters, well educated Bartenders.A beautiful space.
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2011,7/17/2011,145,186,18,20,22>I learned many useless things during my LA bible school years.  How to dance like a skank, how to snort coke like a rockstar, and how to make friends with every elotero I saw.  I miss nothing about LA but every time I go back for a visit, finding an elotero is my first mission.An elotero is a little brown man that walks through the neighborhoods pushing around a cart of fresh corn on the cob and slathers it up with the works.  By the works I mean, mayo, hot sauce and a little cotija cheese dip. The result is equal to or greater than, awesome...The husband and kid have been drinking the Stick it kool-aid ever since the playful cart arrived.  Sending tweets to the guy that owns the cart, coming home with juicy pork chops or steaks, flawlessly seasoned and grilled. I knew his meat could not be beat but LA style corn now? Do people still use the phrase Hubba Hubba because I kind of wanted to when I saw the Bandito on the menu. The Bandito deserves stars for coolness factor of the name alone but he is very tasty too! A generous ear of spicy golden corn on the cob rolled in mayo Siracha and dipped in crumbly cotija. If you are not feeling the LA love, there are other fun combos, like barbeque or cinnamon. Don't forget the grilled veggies, rice or thyme bread to go with your meat.  All are very reasonably priced and the guy is super nice.A little piece of LA has landed right in my neighborhood! Thank god my years of skanky dancing and bible school blow are over.
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,7/16/2011,550,1055,19,20,17>Little Big Burger *le sigh...*What can I say about you? I know that you are tasty and affordable. $3.75 for a mini Cheeseburger is a deal. You are small, but you are sexy. Who cares if people complaint that you are not big enough? They just don't understand that big taste comes in little package.I think you are perfect in every way. Perfectly cooked meat, checked! Tasty buns, checked! Special homemade Ketchup, triple checked! How about changing your name to Big Little Burger? You do know you have big flavors in little package right?
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,7/15/2011,143,429,13,17,16>I've been staying in the Pearl for the last week dog sitting my brother and his wife's awesome dog.  We hang out, we play fetch.  He doesn't complain that I watch Sex and the City re-runs and he's always waiting at the door happy to see me.  He's like the perfect man.  So, overall, my week has been pretty swell and easy. Even more so that Lovejoy Bakers is a whopping two blocks away.  Even though I've been past LJB many times, and smelled the wonderful breads baking, I've never allowed myself to go in until now.  And now I understand why.  I've been three times this week.  For shame.It started out innocent enough.  I popped in for a slice of banana cream pie and a simple drip coffee to-go one night; I also took an almond croissant back for breakfast.  A+ for serving Stumptown.  After I got home and indulged, I was smitten.  Even more so the next morning when I went for the croissant.A few days later I met friends here for coffee before a day of shopping, and decided that the vanilla lattes at Lovejoy were almost identical to the ones made for me at Stumptown, minus the extra long line.  A second win for LJB.This morning I woke up on a lovely (thankfully not rainy) Memorial Day and decided after a while that I was ravenous and in need of food and coffee.  My only stipulations were that the food didn't require any preparation from me and that it was close enough and casual enough that I could pop in with a bedhead ponytail and last nights' jeans to grab food and coffee to-go.  So on to LJB I went.I grabbed another vanilla latte and ordered the egg, butter and olive tapenade sandwich to-go.  The bread always smells amazing at LJB so I figured it would be a pretty decent sandwich.OMFG it was bloody amazing!  I'm not just saying that.  It was probably the best egg sandwich I've ever had in my damn life.  Period.LJB you have won my heart and put my waistline at even further detriment than it already was.  Go you.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,7/14/2011,100,382,11,17,15>So, there we were, leaning against the chainlink fence of the U-Haul rental place in the dark at 30th & Killingsworth. I was absentmindedly fumbling with the wad of cash in my pocket and trying to anticipate what the delivery guy would look like.Turns out a guy walking around with a bright red insulated pizza delivery bag kinda stands out. Maitre D. muttered "Sweeeet..." under his breath, and the delivery guy immediately headed toward us. "Kebabs?""Aw, yeah." I hand him $15. He pockets it and shoves a non-descript brown paper bag at me before disappearing into the night. Maitre D. and I walk back to the car feeling like we have a bagful of contraband. We immediately broke into them and were treated to homemade pita bread wrapped around juicy, wood-smoked, medium-rare lamb. Perfectly spiced and incredible.  The only way to get them is to join the Secret Kebab group on Facebook or to follow The Turk's mysterious and slightly shady Twitter feed. He is enigmatic and will make Portlandia jokes to you in slightly-broken English. It is awesome.Most days, delivery starts at 6 pm, and he is sometimes sold out before this just based on preemptive orders sent to him by e-mail. Kebabs are $5 each and delivery is $3. (BOOM!) Plans to roll out falafel are on the table, too. It is yet to be seen whether he'll be taking consistent days off every week since deliveries started a few days ago.I trust you, dear readers, to use this information wisely!
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,7/13/2011,48,46,9,11,9>I've taking my vitamins and saying my prayers every night just like the Hulkster asked of me and, afterwards, I fall into a deep, deep sleep. Each and every night, I dream of a place within walking distance that has a casual vibe, delicious wine that's priced akin to having a pint of beer.Well, folks, my dreams have been answered! Enso has a great vibe, killer tunes, delicious wine and prices that can compete with any bars price for a pint of ale. Bottles range from $17 - 25 (to-go or to stay) if I remember accurately and there's plenty of room to hang out.BYOF is highly encouraged as food is not their focus.
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2010,7/12/2011,213,358,11,16,13>If you are serious about eating, then it's time you give A Cena a try.I have been here enough times now to give an insider's review and I can't think of anything bad to say about A Cena. From the moment you walk through the door you are basked in a warm soft glowing environment that makes you feel warm and fuzzy all over and hungry for food that is exceptional and carefully made just for you because you are a welcomed guest in they're Home. They want you to "come to dinner" to eat heartily and drink happily as they most humbly serve you from their heart via their kitchen and bar.      As for myself I must confess I have never been a fan of "Italian" food because to be perfectly honest I grew up thinking of Italian food as heavy cheesed and tomato sauced fatty fried stuff that was just a distraction from an Italian restaurant's main purpose which was making great pizza. You see growing up on the south side of Chicago there were lots and lots of mom & pop "Italian" restaurants but I never got past the pizza because everything else was just food service items like the frozen Eggplant Parmesan, Lasagna, Ravioli, Spaghetti, Gnocchi, etc. etc. ad nauseum. The pizza was the alpha and omega for me growing up and I never got a chance to taste and learn that other types and styles of Italian cuisine were even available. Of course they were out there somewhere but growing up I never got to experience the finer Italian dishes as a kid. So now as an adult and master of my own domain I get to choose where I want go out to eat and I'm tuning into more and more Italian and I'm happier for it too.     I like reading Don B's reviews as inspiration to write more detailed accounts of the food, the nitty gritty if you will. So on that note I'm gonna try to deconstruct the Farro salad...           Dude, the Farro has the most awesome texture I have ever experience in my mouth. It's not chewy but for lack of a better word, it's chewy. The creamy salty goat cheese compliments it well in both texture and saltiness where it brings out the Farro's faint nutty almost chocolate flavor. Throw in some beets for a softness that is so delicate that the red and sungold bites of earthy goodness nearly disintegrate along side the pearls of Farro as they are melded together with the subtle sweet currants and aromatic basil. If you eat it too quickly the pistachio will escape your palate and you'll wonder where the flavorful green nut was hiding. It's hiding but if you pay attention you will find the pistachio and it will be a delightful surprise once you discover it riding on top of your next bite. Okay, now I'm hungry.  Good food nourishes the Soul and it's best when made and served with loving attention in a way that makes A Cena special.   Come to Dinner, Come to A CenaSalute!
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,7/11/2011,113,92,13,15,13>We really lucked out to have this cart pod pop up so close to the house.  As others have said, I think it is a well planned pod with a great selection of carts.  The addition of the root beer stand and the covered, heated seating has really topped the cupcake.  So, why 4 stars, not 5, you may ask?  My only complaint is we have been there twice during colder weather and the heaters have been out of propane or not working.  Imagine our disappointment after freezing our butts off waiting for our yummy fried Mortadella sandwich from Lardo, expecting to have a cozy warm tent to sit in.  We finally get our little bit of lard laden heaven, race to the tent only to find out it is colder inside than it is outside the tent.  We did however find a solution!  Bring along a little flask of something spirited (my preference is Rumplemintz Schnapps).  Stop by Dapressed Coffee first thing, order one of their awesome mochas, ask for plenty of room left in the mocha.  Transfer the contents of said flask to the mocha and drink quickly.  You may still get hypothermia, but you won't give a damn.
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2011,7/10/2011,70,389,4,8,7>There's another new burger in town, and you say, so?  The latest entry in the new segment of "not fast food - good food fast" are the burgers, chicken, and salads at Fresh Grill, in the out lot by Best Buy and Burlington Coat Factory, across 217 from Washington Square Mall.When you start with fresh ground beef from Fulton Meats, and daily deliveries of great rolls from Portland French , it's hard to go wrong.  When you add "cooked to order" and "secret seasonings", you've got it made.Veteran Portland restaurateur Jerry Pardo gets it right, and I'm predicting you'll start to see this concept spring up faster than you can say "Five Guys", cause he has them beat, hands down.Today, my 3rd visit, I had the Greek burger, great seasoned beef patty with feta, olives, and roasted garlic.  Along with shoestrings, a fantastic meal.  Mrs. BurgerDogBoy had the club with sweet potato fries, and was all grins.  I like that at the counter when you order, they have the patter down to a science, like "pink or not pink."  Add hand-dipped shakes, smoothies, and espresso drinks - what's not to like?I've got the menu posted on this site,  drool over your selections prior to your arrival.  Since the food is cooked to order, call ahead if you are in a hurry.Bottled beer, glasses of wine,  and milkshakes available as well, but not mixed, as far as I know.Will I be back?  Weekly, dude.
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,7/9/2011,457,244,16,17,28>I'll always remember my first encounter with Juicy Lucy.It was September in Minnesota, which truly is a beautiful time to be out there as the humidity has subsided and the mosquitoes no longer pose such a threat.  Matt's Bar in Minneapolis was where we met, your typical dark and otherwise standard neighborhood dive bar.  Wow, it's been over six years ago now, but to be honest it seems like a lifetime. I was getting married that week to my Tall Leggy Blonde.  Life was good.  I was young, attractive, tan, in good shape with great hair and was about to marry the woman of my dreams.  I bought the ticket and was ready to take the ride. I was never happier.  On that particular day the girls were busy with pre wedding activities: hair dos, last minute shopping, lingerie pillow fights and lesbian make out sessions (or whatever it is the lady folk do when left alone).  Basically, the boys were not welcome.  We were left to our own devices, in a foreign city, with a rental car and nothing but time on our hands.  Sounds like the start of a Hunter S. Thompson novel...My best man Matt, who will always be Opie to me, had decided he needed to visit Matt's Bar in order to pick up some swag.  A bar with his name attached, sure, reason enough to head out together for the day for a couple beers. Being each other's wing man was second nature for both of us, with 15 years of bromance logged in the books.  Finding adventure was always easy for us, staying out of trouble, well that always proved to be the more difficult task.  The groundwork for my life of debauchery was laid from our early years as friends.  Yet despite our knack for always finding a good time, we had each other's back each step of the way, and were always there to offer that word of advice that the other didn't want to hear, but deep down you knew they needed to.So on this warm afternoon day in September, we found ourselves perched on bar stools in what could probably be called our natural habitat.  I remember our conversation from that day vividly.   We discussed our future, my fast approaching wedding and our plans for Vegas.  We enjoyed each other company, as we always did, and talked shit about the piss poor beers found in Minnesota.We also encountered Juicy Lucy.We were warned.  Wait till she cools before diving in.  Nobody wants to get burned, right?  For once we heeded the advice.For those not aware, Lucy isn't a girl of low moral standards who has acquired a not so nice nickname for her female ejaculation tendencies.  No Juicy Lucy is a hamburger, or maybe more aptly described: an inside out cheeseburger.The cheese is put in the middle of the meat before it is cooked, turning it into a gooey surprise of molted magma goodness smack dab in the middle of your burger.  And let me tell you, it is one hell of a burger.It has been many years since my first Juicy Lucy.  A lot of life has passed by since then and I've always had a hankering for another one, but never found the time during trips to Minnesota to make back to Matt's Bar.  So when I heard there was a new food cart opening featuring the Minneapolis inspired Juicy Lucy, it immediately became a place I had to try.  But could it possibly be as good as the original?  Actually, it surpassed it.The TLB went with the Blue Cheese and Bacon burger which she said was hands down the best burger she's ever had.  Mine was their version of the In'N Out burger, and you know what it was exactly that, but dare I say even better?  I know that's blasphemy, but when you both find yourself eating your meal on the staircase because your unable to pull yourself away from your burger long enough to make it to the top, well you know it's a damn good burger.And a connection to an important time in my life. We left Matt's Bar that day with a closer friendship, excitement for the future, a Matt's Bar Juicy Lucy coffee mug and the knowledge that this week would be remembered for the rest of our lives.  Sadly, the rest of his life was much shorter than any of us could have imagine.  I have the Juicy Lucy coffee cup he picked up that day.  Not a day goes by where I don't miss his friendship, his willingness to tell me the things I needed to hear, and his love.And even though it has been 3 years since he passed, there are still days where drinking out of that damn coffee cup brings me to tears. Damn, I still miss him.  I really wanted him to know Owen Matthew.But it is the memories I hold on to that keep him close.  The times spent talking, getting in trouble, meeting girls, road trips, Spring Breaks, drinking beer, trips to Vegas and the countless adventures we packed into 20 years of friendship.And now, each time I have a Juicy Lucy here in Portland from Lucy's Original, it is like I'm back in Matt's Bar in Minneapolis.  Except I don't have to bitch about the bad beer.
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2008,9/11/2008,53,196,4,12,10>I wasn't sure what to expect from Pazzo, having heard such a wide range of reviews, so we went in with healthy skepticism.  Usually, we head to Mamma Mia Trattoria for Italian food downtown, but we wanted to try Pazzo.  So, before going to see (the incredible and amazing!) Bill Maher at the Schnitz last night, we booked a reservation for two.  The Bottom Line:  the meal, wine, service, and atmosphere were infallible!  The Atmosphere:  We were seated in a back room alone, then 2 other tables were seated during our meal.  The candles offered soft light and it was a quiet space.  We felt comfortable instantly.  The Service:  After parking for dinner, we realized we left our tickets at home, so we knew we'd have to make it a quick meal to get home and back downtown before curtain time.  We therefore notified our server that we had only a little over an hour for dining.  She cheerfully assured us that we'd have no problem doing so and so, throughout our meal (3 courses), she somehow rushed without rushing us.  Every course was brought with just the right amount of wait time, yet promptly, all while we still managed to feel relaxed and truly enjoyed our meal.  On top of this magical feat of perfect timing, our waitress was smiling, polite, laid back, and professional.  She knew when we needed a new quartino or glass of wine, more bread, etc., and brought it promptly.  Amazing service!The Meal and The Wine:  After devouring a plate of yummy bread (be careful, it's so good!), we started with a quartino of Sokol Blosser Evolution and Macedonia salads (greens, berries, and goat cheese).  Perfecto!  For entrees, I continued with the Evolution wine and my husband had a glass of Syrah.  I had the salmon and leek, black-and-white ravioli in lemon cream with spinach...also amazing!  The lemon cream sauce offered a distinct, yet subtle accompaniment to the salmon ravioli.  A very unique dish, yet rich and satisfying...it was so complex and flavorful, I think the taste is permanently etched on my tongue!  My husband had the Spalina (beef shoulder with fingerling potatoes) and it was also delicious.  The beef was done exactly as he asked, potatoes were perfectly seasoned so you could still taste their earthy flavor.  After dinner, we had no way to fit more food in our bellies, so we sipped wine for a bit and were tempted to have dessert when the (very friendly and professional!) busboy offered us menus.  I've never had Panna Cotta, so this was a good opportunity.  We needed to go soon, too, so we debated dessert.  Finally, we gave our credit card to the waitress and ordered the dessert, asking her to ring us up in the meantime.  With our tab, the Panna Cotta arrived 5 minutes later and OH MY GOD, why have I never tried this before?  Screw tiramisu, this is heaven!!  I will eat this on my deathbed, for reals.  Went perfectly with my Evolution wine, too. :)  After such an amazing meal, we were ready for a heart attack tab, but NO!  All this delicious food and drink for only $120 (includes 20% tip).  Unbelievable.  We will be back!
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,9/8/2008,40,108,5,8,5>I grew up on Chinese food (not because I am Asian, but because I have a Jewish mother) and I know good Chinese food.  I have traveled here twice from N. Portland to have quality Chinese.  Before moving to Portland, I was warned that Portland Chinese food was not good---wrong!  This place rocks, it's huge and the decor is basic, but the food is awesome.  I had the crab wantons the first time, I was use to having them softer, but the crunchiness worked.  Last time I had General Tso's tofu and it was by far the best tofu dish I have had! The tofu was tasty, fried on the outside and super soft inside. We also started with the salad rolls and the peanut sauce was delicious.There was 4 of us in total and there was only 1 complaint, my hubby had the chicken /w string beans and the chicken pieces were really small, more like shredded chicken then cut or cubed pieces.  He said it was still really tasty.  I would definitely drive back down to Beaverton, next time I get the urge for Chinese i.e.: tomorrow.
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2008,9/7/2008,19,21,4,5,6>I classify my Mexican into three main categories:1. Taquerias (including taco trucks)2. Sloppy Mexican3. Fancy Mexican (e.g Nuestra Cocina)Catalina's is squarely in the sloppy Mexican category, and it's fantastic in that regard.  You've got your straight-ahead plated Mexican food, where most meals include rice and beans.  It's definitely the best sloppy Mexican I've had in Portland, this after looking for the couple years since we moved here.As other's have noted, the space is huge.  And they've got a relatively loud jukebox.  This makes for a great spot to bring kids, as there's enough noise to drown out toddlers rascaling around.Couple minor complaints:1. Black beans were over-salted.2. They could use some Dos Equis on draft.  Course, they do have Negra Modelo in bottles, so not all is lost.  And the margaritas looked good, although I didn't sample personally.As kid-friendly bonus, the check comes with lollipops.Enjoy!
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,9/6/2008,11,11,7,8,8>hot-diggity-dam i love cuban food. the place is packed to the gills most of the time, and it was retarded with tight jeans and bad haircuts, but as far as food and service everything was perfect. the croquettas are about my favorite thing in the world. i could eat a thousand of em and not even slow down. oh yeah and try the weekend breakfast. this place has everything!
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,9/5/2008,33,107,11,10,12>Roadside attraction....Didn't I read an article about you when you first opened, and how the chef "has his waffle maker fired up", and didn't I come to you and have your earnest, authentic Chicken N Waffles? Was it as good for you as it was for me? Can you even know?And don't I sit in your enchanted garden while spilling red wine over in gratitude for all the hard work someone who is not me did to make you so completely adorable?  Did I not take notice of every object d'yard art squealing in delight?Do I not plug your jukebox with every last penny I don't have (since you're free) with countless Elton John and Tina Turner songs?  And did I not sing along with vim and vigor?Tell me you'll always care for me the way I do for you, my precious Roadside Attraction, even when the dry porch swing is but a distant memory. I love your shaggy carpet & nuevo art inside as much as on your fragrant fauna exterior.  You will never be just a summer fling to me.
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2008,9/4/2008,126,2155,24,21,26>Somewhere in-between a four hour bike ride Saturday afternoon, my friend and I stumbled upon the coolest public restroom I've ever seen right across from the Keller Fountain between SW 3rd and 4th Ave on Clay St.I know what you're thinking, "public restroom... yuck", but this one was different. It was surprisingly clean and the design of it made me feel strangely comfortable taking out the camera and snapping a few shots. (Photos are posted to the review)My first thought walking in was along the lines of wondering what it would be like to be devoured by a snake. The transitioning design with mini-orange tiles was definitely cool.No joke, my friend and I hung out in here for at least fifteen minutes just taking it all in.(I'd 4 star this place for not having a door on the men's toilet stall but the overall design makes up for that little oversight)
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,9/3/2008,550,1055,7,10,9>Dinner at Swagat was very very very delicious.I got the lamb curry dinner. Everything was perfect, from naan, rice, lentil soup, curry lamb, papamdum, even the Iced water was perfect. The food was pretty good size portion. I had good chunks of lamb in my curry. I love their condiments. LOVED IT, I can have them for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The server was friendly and not pushy. The place was amazing. From the outside, you might think that this will be "another run down deli type Indian place", but inside you it was completely different. All wood and oil rubbed bronze theme going on for the furniture. The place is huge, they have left dining room and right dining room. Don't judge the book by its' cover. Don't judge Swagat by its' sign. They have very very very good stuff for your belly. My belly approved this review.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,9/2/2008,104,231,7,14,7>Earlier this month I asked around looking for a nice, cheap, locally owned arts & crafts store and the only place that more than 2 people recommended was "I've Been Framed" on SE Foster and Powell in the rather unfortunately named PoFo neighborhood (I know, it's supposed to be FoPo, but PoFo is funnier).Getting there can be a little tricky as it's located near a church on this funky triangle-like piece of real estate that is difficult (possibly illegal) to turn into if you're coming southbound on Foster, but parking isn't too bad.I was looking for some poster board to make signs for my favorite roller derby team (yes I'm a derby geek, HH '08), but didn't want to hit the big box shops like Michael's, and since I'm not a supercrafty guy, I wasn't sure where to go.Admittedly, I had simple requests, but the staff at I've Been Framed pointed me in the right direction and their paper products are like, "fell off a truck", "I know a guy, who knows a guy", cheap.  They helped me pick which material and finish would be best for writing on with a sharpie or poster paints, and I walked out of there with like 20 big ass poster boards and a couple fresh sharpies for under $10!It seemed like their focus was on painting with all the different papers, poster boards, etc in different dimensions, and they also sold paint brushes.  They also do custom picture framing, but I didn't check that service out.If you're an artsy-crafty type person, and haven't already sworn allegiance to another shop, check out I've Been Framed for crazy cheap products from a locally owned store.
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2008,9/1/2008,107,197,7,6,6>Best wax ever!No really...It didn't hurt! I mean it hurt but compared to other times..it didn't hurt believe me!It makes me want to explore other waxing options.Hell maybe I'll wax my whole body!!
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2008,8/31/2008,24,17,5,5,7>I think I've eaten at this place three times THIS WEEK.  It's quick, cheap, and always has at least one veggie pizza option.  That and it's like a block from my work.  My dad (a NJ native) would love this place.I know this will be totally lost on anyone that didn't go to Miami of Ohio, but stepping into this place for me is like going back to work at Bagel & Deli.  It's filthy, small, covered in 'decorations' (meaning random newspaper clippings, photos, and whatever any employee decided one day to draw and put up) and nearly always jammed with people.  But there's just something about that sub-ideal facade that makes the food SOOO DAMN GOOD.  I'll probably eat there three times again this week.  Can't beat $5.00 for two slices anywhere else in this neighborhood.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,7/14/2009,222,561,18,17,18>I'm currently listening to "Robots" by the Flight of the Conchords. They're doing their binary solo:00000010000001100000010000001110000001000000110000­00100000011100000010000001100000010000001110000001­00000011000000100000011100000010000001100000010000­00111I like this song. It's emotionless and makes one want to touch one's nips. You know what I mean.And it kind of reminds me of my recent first brush with the Bagdad Theater. Yup, I saw "Tron," and it ironically made me think that not only are the humans dead, but that it took place in the distant future--the year 2000.I'd been to the Bagdad Pub before, and like many other McMenaminses, it wasn't anything to write home about. Same food. Same lousy service. Same prices.But the theater! What a lovely renovation! And what a fantastic place for a futuristic film made in the early '80s! I was enamored not only by a young Jeff Bridges, but also by the plush seats and cup holders and THE BALCONY. Yippee!! It seems like many of the older, renovated theaters (like the Moreland, sort of) have balconies but don't allow people to sit up there. It was fun!And of course, you can have a brewskie (or a pitcher) while watching these crazy random movies that only cost $3.I love it.Lick my battery!
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2009,7/13/2009,14,24,21,9,9>DUDE.It's Meat....served on a sword!  A very good friend of mine and I simply call the joint MOS (for Meat On Swords).  The gist is, a small army of dudes dressed like gauchos walk around with varying cuts of delicious, savory, fresh seared meat.   You have a little plastic disk that is red on one side and green on the other.  If you have the red side up, they walk buy your table and don't stop.  If you have the green side up, they stop and offer you some of the deliciousness that makes a rainy day seem like July.  It's not just beef on these swords, but also chicken, pork, shrimp, a really tasty empanada, and my absolute favorite:  grilled pineapple.  ALL ON SWORDS!I've never been to Brazil, so I can't claim I know what a REAL Brazilian Grill would be like, but I can tell you that there is MEAT on Friggen swords here!  If you watch "worlds greatest Barbecue" on the food network and salivate, you will LOVE this place.  I am not one to fall for a gimmick, in fact I generally find them offensive and obtuse.  It must be the caveman in me, but for some reason being served meat on a sword makes me happy!  If you are a vegan, you probably hate me and this restaurant.  I'll let you go on enjoying grilled tofu and bean sprouts, just so long as you don't firebomb the Brazil Grill.  Coolio?
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2009,7/12/2009,5,11,3,10,7>I'm unemployed and I live mere blocks from the Waffle Wagon. I've read the reviews, and before I defend Little Blue's honor, I feel the need to inform the reader of my lack of obligations, and my proximity, because waiting fifteen minutes for batter to rise matters little in my lifestyle. Leisure should be the mode of the eater here. Yes, I've eaten at the Waffle Window. Yes, they're cheaper than the Wagon, however, they are considerably smaller and the sugary batter tastes flipping weird on savory options such as the Farm. Mushrooms, spinach, and vanilla is an odd combo. Base price for the waffle at the Wagon is $4, each additional topping costs extra. Nutella and whip is $1, Bacon is $2 etc. They have drool-inducing flavors like pumpkin pie and banana bourbon. In the summer time they use berries handpicked from Sauvie Island. Ingredients are farm fresh and often organic. Waffles are  rolled almost like burritos and encased in  blue and white checkered paper, with a dusting of powdered sugar.The people who work here are some of the sweetest most charming workers in all of P-land. They have Stumptown coffee and an inviting seating area covered with a tarp. Prepare to be nurtured. There really are few more pleasant ways to spend a leisure sunny Sunday in Portland than lounging in front of the Little Blue Waffle Wagon reading the paper, with cream, berries, powdered sugar, and waffly goodness all over your face and hands. Honestly you won't even care.
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,7/11/2009,264,523,14,16,9>We had car collision issues. Nevermind, I had car collision issues. I drove through part of a snow bank and hit a fire hydrant that was playing hide-n-go seek. Needless to say, I found it.Worried that the repair work would interrupt our routine and cost an arm and a leg, we put the repair off as long as possible. Thanks to other Yeeps, we found Si's Auto Body. We went in for an estimate and left there with the impression that their staff is honest, reliable and sincere. Stereotypically, positive words aren't associated with auto or auto body repair shops, but Si's is not the stereotypical shop. We brought our business to Si's, because we felt like we were dealing with real, trustworthy people. They offered to lend us a car to keep our routine as smooth as possible. We've been driving around with the new, perfectly color-matched bumper for a couple weeks, and we're very satisfied. We can certainly say Si's provides professional and quality service and we'd be back here in a heartbeat or the next time our bumper decides to seek a fire hydrant.
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,7/10/2009,66,83,15,13,15>My friend once began a review for the worst-kept secret in Austin by stating that "It is with quiet reluctance I write this review..."So in that vein, I want so desperately to say 'Secret Society sucks. Do not come here on pain of death'...but the Yelpers Code of Honor* prevents me from doing such a thing. Secret Society is, without a doubt, the most lovely place I have ever encountered to have a few, well-crafted cocktails with a ladyfriend.   Being the good Southern gals that we are, we both opted for bourbon. My ladyfriend enjoyed some Kentucky Mules, which, I must admit are far superior to their Russian counterparts. I chose to go on out a limb with a Blood and Sand, then returned to ol' Manhattan. All of our beverages were very tasty, and the atmosphere of the Secret Society was perfect for making our conversation about the stinkiness of certain menfolk seem much more sophisticated, and dare I say, a little illicit? Oh, scandalous (...just the way I like it) * doesn't actually exist... I don't think?
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2009,7/9/2009,104,175,16,15,12>I was absolutely drunk when I first entered this building. I'd like to say I wasn't, but it would be a lie.Thanks to my new-found love of mountaineering, I've also gained a new-found low tolerance for alcohol. Two and a half glasses of amazingly good Portuguese wine on my front stoop with my roommate rendered me downright silly for our pre-concert nosh at Vindalho.The space is nice enough - open, airy, with a second level open for dining. We found the rest of our party and began to peruse the menu. There is exactly ONE vegan item on the menu, so if you're not in the mood for curried vegetables - go elsewhere. Luckily, I was pretty much about to eat my own leg (with or without sauce), so curried vegetables sounded wonderful. Our waiter arrived, not unlike a typhoon, and assaulted us with the specials. There was some cashew (and what else? I have no idea) appetizer special that was vegan, so we ordered that and a chutney sampler. Appetizer? Delicious. Sauce it came with? Vaguely reminiscent of NOTHING EVER because it had zero taste. I highly recommend the chutney sampler, though - especially the one that has figs in it. Scrumptious.We were fairly amped about our entrees after that, but our passion cooled during our ~40 minute wait. Finally our food arrived - nicely presented with an amusing cone-shaped mass of rice. Flavors were good, portions were decent, but my food was totally and utterly mild. This is after I placed this order (approximately):"I'd like the curried vegetables. But I'd like it really, legitimately, horribly, ungodly, apocalyptically spicy."MILD. Totally. F'n. Mild. I waited around for them to bring me a soup tureen of freshly chopped chilis. I added all of them. This brought the spice level up to about a medium. I was devastated. What is the world coming to if I can't get HOT Indian food?We finished, we finally received our bill. With it? A comment card! I think they gave us crayons for writing purposes. They now have a long, messily scrawled note in purple crayon expressing my affection for their dishes but my dismay at their inability to spice it.Petra L. and the Terrible, Horrible, No Good, Very Bad Spice Level.
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,7/7/2009,241,429,16,18,19>What makes five stars?  Yelp says fives stars is "as good as it gets."  I'm of the opinion that five stars should be hard to get.  It's an "A" and in school that meant 90%, unless the teacher was a pushover.  And I'm not.  Usually.But, J Cafe.  I was early to meet some people, I was trying to get a hold of them and hovered near the door for ten or so minutes with no stress from the J folks.  When I finally went to the counter they seemed to be working on a catering order but it still took less than a minute to get helped.  That's pretty good.My panini was served quickly (delivered!  In like three minutes) and toasted just right. Crunchy but not enough to shred gums.  I got the "J" club which has some funky (to me) items, but everything melded perfectly.  A few bites of the turkey were tough, however.  It came with a little salad and some chips.  $8.50 with a can of pop.  Hard to beat.I didn't see any self-bussing stations and my plate disappeared while I was looking at a bulletin board for maybe two minutes.  Is that to be expected in a small deli/cafe?  I dunno but I dug it. And yes I was obviously done with the plate.So, I got a less than perfect slice or two of turkey?  Is that a 10% knock?  Nope, I don't think so.  Then J Cafe IS as good as it gets.
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,7/6/2009,53,84,6,7,8>I stopped here for lunch after class and this place in a gem among many other food carts. Thanks to Kody's sweet RoTD, I decided to try this place instead of getting another burrito, burger or slice of pizza. The cart is pretty cool, it's stained wood and green paneling, super clean and almost rustic. The guy in charge was cool and cracking jokes. Also, the location is money for me since they reside right across from the engineering building. I had the Frutti di Mare and half a pork butt sammich. The soup was packed with sea critters. The only thing I found was it was a bit too salty, which I think might be attributed to the olives in there, but it was damn good. The Pork butt sandwich had a rd cabbage slaw with apple and was so tasty, I almost went back to get another one, but I'm fat enough and so I passed, but I'll get that bad boy again.They have veggie options, not so sure about Vegan since I'm an Omnivore, but herbivores have at least one soup (Lentil Cauliflower today) and one sammich (Mozzy and tomato) to grind on. I'm a sucker for some good soup and these guys seem to put in the work to do it right. I'll be back for sure and if they can get the salt thing down with their soup, I see a fifth star in their future.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,7/5/2009,434,336,20,17,16>OMG Bunk, you put even more junk in my trunk! I do forgive you since they were some fine victuals. I had the albacore tuna melt, and my friend had the fabulous chicken salad with avocado and bacon. Mine was baked to melt the cheese, with the perfect sauce, and the perfect crisp bread, to toothsomely soft and chewy ratio. I have zero complaints other than it's a little pricey for a daily lunch ($8). They also offered a couple of home made soups, and a number of rotating sides that all sounded wonderful. Make sure your eyes aren't bigger than your stomach because the portions don't look huge compared to other sandwich shops, but they're deceptively filling for their size. The decor, and the sandwiches remind me of some of my favorite sandwich shops that I like going back east. The space is small, with basic tables and chairs close together to accomadate more in the diminutive space.  The smell of the baking sandwiches permeates the air. My sandwich wasn't the typical tuna melt in that in that it had balsamic vinegar and olive oil rather than a regular mayo as a binder. My friends chicken salad had finely minced red onion that set off and embellished the simplicity of the fresh ingredients. As is the case with most good sandwich shops, the bread enhanced the flavors of the toppings rather than masking them. It had the perfect texture to hold the sturdy fillings. I will be returning depending on my pocket book, and how my pants fit that week. I would recommend anyone to try it at least once.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2009,7/4/2009,147,332,10,13,10>The Tram is the last leg of my commute. I ride in from NE, cross the Steel Bridge, down the river and up. 5 days a week, in fog, rain, sunshine, and mist. It keeps me from needing to climb Marquam Hill on my bike. The views can be stunning. I call those $4 days because those are the days it's worth the money for a tourist to ride. On those days they should walk inside at the top, get a coffee and go back out to one of the deck/gardens and enjoy the view.Some say it cost too much (maybe it did), some say it ruined a neighborhood (maybe it didn't). It will make the redevelopment of the South Waterfront possible, the building of a 21st century medical education center possible, and it eases the commute for Portland's largest employer. In a few more years no one will be able to imagine 'before the Tram". I love it.Watch out for The Swing!
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,5/29/2011,28,112,3,9,6>After several years of drooling over reviews of this restaurant, we finally made it for my birthday dinner.   ATMOSPHERE:  Beast is located in a small storefront in an older building, nestled between Yakuza and Cocette restaurants.   Both are great places to grab drinks if you arrive early or the first seating is running late.  The latter happened last night, and Naomi came outside to encourage us to grab a drink and come back in 20 minutes, along with a promise to not start without us (something she kept to).   Entering you see two communal tables, black chalkboard walls with amusing quotes or recipes scrawled across them, and a small but highly efficient kitchen in one corner.   Generally  I'm not a fan of the open kitchen due to the noise and showmanship you often see.  In this case the restaurant exuded an almost zen calmness as all five staff members quietly went about their work with almost no conversation between them....one big advantage of the set menu for both patron and staff. As for the communal tables, ours was filled with numerous couples and all of us found space to be with each other, though as the dinner wound down we all engaged in a bit of friendly small talk.  SERVICE:   These guys are pros and really know how to make a patron feel welcome.  Every dish was presented with a description of both the food and wine.  My water glass never ran empty, and staff made us feel neither rushed nor ignored.  FOOD:  As others have discussed there is a set menu with no choices and no substitutions.  Some might find it annoying, like the vegetarian who sat across from me, but it's really the core of the restaurants operating philosophy so check out the menu ahead of time (posted every wednesday on their website).    The sequencing was good and my wife really enjoys her salad after the main course, such as occurs here.  All in all the quality was very high in regards to the ingredients, their cooking, and presentation.   Our pork turned out to be a little dry, but the remainder of the meal more than made up for it.  DRINK:  There is a beer and wine menu, but my recommendation is to go with the pairings.  Of the six we had, three were okay and three felt inspired.    You could order a single wine, or beer to go with the meal, but the courses are so diverse you might get some odd flavor combinations.  PRICE:  You're gonna pay for it.  This isn't a cheap meal, but we like to splurge now and then and we didn't feel overcharged for what we received over the yummy hours.ADVICE:   Check this place out, but review their website beforehand so you know what you're getting yourself into.  =)
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,5/28/2011,123,492,11,33,14>Their patio is no joke.  There is so much bike parking I'm considering dusting mine off.  Maybe I'll even ride it?Apex offers lots of cash-only beer options (about 30 plus when I counted last night), and the menu is displayed on a large LCD monitor inside the bar.  Unfortunately, by "menu" I mean a list of beer names in alpha order, their prices, and maybe some additional information about alcohol by volume.  I do wish there was more information on each selection - is it light or dark?  Is it hoppy or smooth?  Is it on nitro?  Was it handcrafted by vegan bicycle enthusiasts who planted a bioswale in their off-work hours?  These are the things I consider when choosing a beverage.  Okay well these are mostly the things I consider.  It's hard to select a beer based on name alone.  That's like selecting wine based on label alone.  I have fallen victim to more than one wine label with adorable animals.  What?  Thankfully, the bartender knew her selection.  I asked for something stout and smooth, and I was quite pleased with the Velvet Merkin she selected for me.Indoor seating is limited.  There is a small bar and a smattering of high top tables.  Outdoor seating is what this place is about.  Pretty daring concept in Portland.  Oh, and there is also a tiny pinball room that may have been a closet in its previous life.  They managed to squeeze in some tiny drink tables between machines.  It is a sweet setup, actually.
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,5/27/2011,170,145,5,14,8>What's with all of my favorite restaurants making little versions of themselves? First Little Bird, and now Pok Pok Noi? If it allows me to stuff my face with delicious food more frequently, then I'm all for it!So, as the name states Pok Pok Noi (translates as Little Pok Pok, or Little Mortar and Pestle) is just a smaller version of the main Pok Pok. The inside of the place seats just 11 people, so they will obviously have a takeout focus. In fact, it was so busy today (for the grand opening) that I decided to get takeout myself and I'm writing this review as I eat the food!As another food blog stated, Pok Pok Noi's menu appears to be a collection of greatest hits from the bigger Pok Pok. Yes, they still have the fish sauce wings. Yes, they still have the Kai Yaang. Yes, they all looked and smelled amazing while I was there.I decided to actually go with something I had surprisingly never had before; the Papaya Pok Pok with Plaa Raak. It's hot. Really hot. In fact, it's so hot that it's melting my face off more than any grimey dubstep song ever has. However, the beauty of this dish (much like their other spicy dishes) is that the heat doesn't mask the flavor at all. It all works together in this beautiful cohesive harmony that's almost as if I stuck the entire region of southeast asia in my mouth.The addition of the Plaa Raak (softshell crab) and sticky rice is absolutely essential, unless you're a vegetarian. The texture of the crab may be different to many at first, but it's amazing sweetness and delicate fishy flavor it adds to the dish is perfect. Also, the dish will have a lot of juice left so the rice works as a perfect sponge!All in all, I'm really glad that Pok Pok opened this new location. It's much closer to home, and I may be inclined to do takeout more often with an option this fantastic.
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,5/26/2011,38,110,6,12,12>I give a lot of good reviews, I know it. There are just so many great places in little ole Stumptown, but rarely, very rarely is a place obsession worthy.But I am full on doodling St. Jack + Lisa = Love on my notebook cover, because, seriously, I am ready to go steady. This is really due to the cocktails mostly, with an assist from Le Hamburger and the delectable madelines. The cocktails are really delicious, and what's more they are delight to watch being made.The afternoon bartender is an artist. When he makes a drink, he is not merely mixing things together. He has the focused intensity of a chemist creating a complex, and perhaps dangerous, concoction. No perfunctory one, two shake and done for this man, either. He shakes each cocktail for a full minute. I love to watch someone loving their profession.Go forth, drink something up in a martini glass, eat the mussels that taste of pure ocean and Le Hamburger and don't forget to order your madelines early. They take a bit, but a whole bowl of spongy little cakes warm from the oven and a lovely cocktail is a great dinner to me.
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,5/25/2011,320,479,7,13,9>Portland has a ton of Indian places to choose from and this is where my Indian friends decided to come for my friend's big FOUR-0 birthday dinner.I had been here before for the lunch buffet and wasn't all that wowed so I was kind of surprised that this was the birthday boy's choice.  But hey, I am a different kind of Indian (part Cherokee) so what the heck do I know anyway?The birthday gang was seated at 8:30pm and the festivities commenced.  The poori and chutney were addictive.  I would take that over chips and salsa any day.  We devoured it almost before the plate hit the table and the server had to bring a second pile immediately.The menu was overwhelming me with tempting choices but I finally settled on the chicken saag.  I was thrilled with my choice; flavourful spinach and really tender chicken was so rich.  The dish looked smallish but it was so filling I took most of it home and it made a terrific lunch the next day.  Everyone was happy with their choices.  After dinner our server brought out a little rice pudding birthday treat for our birthday boy complete with a candle.  Nice!
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2011,5/24/2011,31,62,9,9,7>So after a long day in the gorge, nothing sounded better than a burger. We had been talking about trying Killer Burger for a long time now, and it finally seemed like the right time.  It was crowded, but we managed to snag a table right before it really filled up.  We both got the Peanut Butter Pickle Bacon Burger, which I had heard so much about. I was expecting a thai-ish  peanut sauce, something with a kick of heat or ginger. Instead, it's a pretty straight forward, sweet peanut butter goo.  In my opinion it might be a little too sweet. It just needs a little bit more of a saltier finish.  The pickles are firm and snappy, and the bacon is nice and crispy.  Overall, it's awesome. The burger patty is moist and juicy on the inside, but had some nice crunchy edges.  I definitely will be going back to try the Fun Guy and Jose Mendoza. The fries are just fries. It's really not about the fries though. People who are all snarky and judge the fries need to unbunch their panties and just realize it's just a deep fried potato, it doesn't always have to be perfect.The seating is kind of a bitch. When you are lucky enough to get a table, you feel the angry eyes of the people waiting, on you. They are seriously counting the seconds in their heads til you hurry the f* up and leave. Well.. I'm gonna take all the time in the world to finish those last 3 sips of my PBR.
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,5/23/2011,107,287,8,11,13>Well, damn.I'm not much of a fancy pants drinker. No, really. I'm the type of person that is overwhelmed when ordering anything at bar that has more than a single liquid in it (fine, fine it's not quite THAT bad, but Gin & Tonics don't really count on the "complicated" factor). When I do go places that have a full cocktail list I will sit there just looking confused. Recently, however, I've been classing it up. Maybe it's because there have been the new openings of cocktail orientated bars/restaurants. Maybe it came after going to the Distillers Fest (I doubt it, but I feel like I need an excuse). But here's the point of that little story - my cocktails at Central were mind-bendingly good. The bartender (whose name I wish I remembered) was beyond nice, and refused to allow me to order off the actual menu. Just kept asking if I wanted something and would make it. He said they were all "classic cocktails" but if that's true your guess is as good as mine. There were different styles of cocktails and a variety of flavors. Several were slung back in a few seconds, others had to be savored. What Central did was redefine the cocktail experience (for me).And here's the other thing, in a bar that should ooze pretension I had a fantastic time. The bartender never acted awkward when I had no idea what he was talking about. The people sitting next to me (visiting from Canada) were super nice and we had a great time chatting it up. All in all, the experience was a blast.  Look I get it, $9 a pop for a drink is only a reminder of how much money I saved back when I wasn't legally allowed to drink (but life was more boring). But, every once in awhile I just want to put on my fancy pants and sip some fancy concoctions.
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,5/22/2011,19,107,5,7,3>I was really torn on how many stars to give this place.  I have a lot of problems with it:- It's expensive.  Really expensive.  Especially if you a) go on the weekend and b) prefer the living room theater experience.- The food, which I was really looking forward to, is meh at best.- The sound from other theaters will often be so loud that it distracts you from whatever you're watching.  I felt like I was experiencing an earthquake once.... and yet I keep going back.  Because it's still just so good.  I wouldn't see a movie in their "normal" theater, but the living room is just such a nice experience.  The chairs are big and comfy, you get some nice footrests, and even though the food isn't that great, I much prefer eating something other than just popcorn and pizza that's been under a heat lamp for two hours.Despite all its flaws, this is my favorite theater in the area.  It means I go to the movies much less often, but when I do go, we generally have a great time.
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,5/21/2011,236,543,3,9,9>The watery pools of Tanner Springs Park hold Portland's history in their depths. And the park is still making history and more than a few make outs.Tanner Creek was Portland's big stream. landscapeandurbanism.blo It flowed down the valley that is now Sunset Hwy 26, through Goose Hollow, through Civic Stadium, across NW 10th-13th into a marshy lake and onto the Willamette. No doubt it teamed salmon.Though it would be cool to see salmon spawning up close in Portland's hills, it is no more. Tanner Creek is captured by culverts, and mixed with the ultimate insult of blackwater. An old brick culvert containing the creek goes right under Civic Stadium's field and the structure. If it ever collapses, there will be hell to pay. The marsh and lake in NW was filled long ago. There can never be any salmon in Tanner Creek, because it doesn't exist.The NW street grid plan is old. It was many things, including a neighborhood of warehouses, manufacturers and shippers, where trains, trucks and the river met. Again no more. Artists sought cheap rents in a neighborhood no one went but urban campers. Cafes sought artists. Galleries sought cafes. Developers sought it all. Part of the deal was that several blocks be set aside for parks, as the neighborhood was built into what it is today.One of the great landscape architecture firms, Peter Walker, pwpla.com was given the job of planning the parks. The first was Jamison Square. The second was the Tanner Springs block.A beautiful design of grassy mounds was proposed by architect Maya Lin mayalin.com. For more on her, there is a great documentary  "A Strong Clear Vision" about her early work.But the new residents didn't want a public park that could attract children like Jameson Park. It would have been the first of Lin's "Wave Field" series, a grass covered undulation, right here in little Portland. Lin's design was canceled in favor of the current design.I would have liked the Lin design and I like the current design, it's quiet, it's different. It's a good chill or even make out spot on a warm summer night. In a way it's a perfect park for the neighbors. It has a program that's pleasant to look down upon from your balcony and enough people repelling specialization to make sure its mainly deserted.But if you think the dramatic history of the park ends with that, you are wrong. The park is designed to be an ecosystem. The water, grasses, algae, microorganisms in balance. That's why dogs are banned - their biowaste would inject a huge fertilizer load and throw the whole ecosystem out of wack! But no, some residentials were still not happy. The park was too pristine, sterile and, the horror, eco! So at night they have been releasing goldfish into the park. Fish also mess up the ecosystem, so the City has established a nest of fish eating raptors on the high condos that swoop down and consume the fish.So there you have it, history, tragedy, conflict, ecology, drama and a great place to make out. Make some history and ecology there and forget the rest.
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2011,5/20/2011,574,765,21,61,33>Fresh oxygen for my brain??? Hello? I get to choose all these different cool scents like rosemary/mint, and sex on the beach - fruity smell, and lemongrass, mango madness, appletini, etc. This is our first oxygen bar in Portland and it's in the Montavilla neighborhood. How hip is that? But, for so little - (20.00 for 20 minutes, unless her special is still on) you get so much:a nice warm neck compressa head massage with this crazy metal spider that hums.. but trust me you are in heaven.  Bring a brush or you look like you just got out of bed, but whatever works.a back rub with yet another item she uses to massage your back withand all while you are doing pure oxygen.It's an experience. This is a work in progress because of its newness and she probably should make it a little bit more intimate and cozy.. candles, low lights, more comfy chairs.   It needs a little love because right now it's exploratory at this stage.. These new things take time though. Lien, the owner, is such a sweetheart too. She is working on this as a true happening.This was my 2nd time going.  I felt like I ended up with more brain cells which worked since I did head over to The Observatory afterwards.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2007,8/5/2007,266,363,1,4,3>PESTO BREADSTICKS.  PESTO BREADSTICKS.  PESTO BREADSTICKS!!!In sum: very tasty pesto breadsticks.  And very tasty pizza as well.  To top it off, the homemade soda is also tasty.  And the people that work there are really nice.  Actually, it seems like all the places I've been to in Portland have the nicest people working there.  What gives, Portland?  Why are y'all so nice?  I love it!  Anyways.  Try the pesto breadsticks, if you must eat only one thing.  My fellow non-Portland resident friend, to this day, talks about how he craves Hot Lips' pesto breadsticks. So tasty.
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2007,8/4/2007,12,47,,8,5>The dozen or so times I've been here I was treated with exceptional service and dishes that were either off-menu or their best. Of course it's not b/c they were graced by my presence and decided to indulge me in excellence. No, it was b/c of the people I was with. One of my gigs in life is to interact with Cohorts of managers from China and we frequent this place b/c of Mandarin House's ability to be at a level acceptable to these Chinese natives. This should be enough to tell you that they know authentic Northern Chinese cuisine.Their hunk of pork stewed for 4 hours is ooohh so flavorful and satisfying. (I think its called Zhou Zi, but just ask the owner for the pork that has to be ordered 4 hours in advanced, literally). THE BEST! Also they have the extra spicy fish stew served pipping hot. also good. Essentially, what you have to do is come up to the owners and let him or her (couple that manage the place) know to cut the BS and give it to you truly Chinese style. They'll keep the food and flavors coming for days.I've also had breakfast here numerous times. But this is a specialty that they did just for our group. If you ask in advance, they'll might make accommodations. Chinese breakfast is out of this world (meaning different when compared to western breakfast). Porridge, stir-fried beef, pickled cabbage, boiled eggs and Chinese donuts? WHAT... try it!Not a fancy place, but possibly the most Authentic Chinese food in PDX if ordered right.
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2007,8/3/2007,111,94,,2,7>After a very easy flight and arrival into PDX, I got to Greg's house and we set out to find some late night eats.  We were both hungry and decided to revisit Doug Fir knowing that this lounge/restaurant would be open late.  It was indeed open and it was as sexy and hoppin' as I'd remembered it from my last visit.  The fir-ry tree interior is sleek and modern-retro, yet warm and relaxed.  The lighting is wonderfully moody.  I'd like to sit at the bar sometime as it seems really relaxed and fun.  But this time, Greg and I got a nice table in the middle of the restaurant amongst the beautiful people.  According to Greg, the pretty people only come out in the summer - but I guess that can be the case in any city.  The sunkissed look can always make us look a little healthier and happier.The food here isn't the best comfort food I've ever had, but it's good enough and together with the decor, scene, and late nightness - it was perfect.  We shared a chicken breast burger with fries and a pasta with garlic (sweet roasted whole cloves), feta, kalamata olives, cherry tomatoes, and spinach.  All this topped with the opportunity to catch up with Greg was so much more than I could ask for.  I hope you're lucky enough to have as wonderful an experience here as I did =)
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2007,8/2/2007,51,116,1,6,4>I can't justify calling this place a "dive bar" as it is much too airy and clean, but Crowbar embraces the cheap drinks and witty banter just as much as any of Portland's oldest stinkers. A well stocked bar, large selection of beer and wine, margaritas on tap, and non-fried appetizers make Crowbar well worth the drive into NoPo.Happy hour + pool table + awesome jukebox = hours of fun.
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2007,8/1/2007,189,360,,4,1>This is an Old School Burgerville location - it really feels like a 50s/60s diner inside and they don't even have drive through (gasp!).For those unfamiliar with Burgerville you should know: they are a northwest company (out of Vancouver) and they work very hard to make sure their business is sustainable: from providing good benefits and health care to employees, to recyclable trash bags, to locally grown, wholesome foods (yeah tillamook! yeah to hormone free beef!).  That being said, I wouldn't bother going to Burgerville if it didn't taste good. But it tastes better than good - its amazing and the only "fast food" I'd dream of eating.You MUST have a seasonal milkshake and the sweet potato fries (when they are in season every autumn).  Enjoy!
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2007,7/31/2007,32,273,2,4,4>I don't like normal movie theaters. Why pay 30 bucks to be spied on by creeps in night vision goggles, when you can see a flick, get beer and popcorn, and be across the street from Beaulaland when it's over. True, the projectors and sound system won't be quite as nice as in a Regal, but your blurred vision won't know the difference, but to be honest, the projectors aren't usually focused all that great at a regal either, but what do you expect from stoned teenagers?
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2007,7/30/2007,3124,1728,12,10,7>Each night after leaving the gym, I would glance enviously at the patrons of the Pearl's new hot spot - Bay 13.  Them: the perfect portrayal of Portland posh Me: sweaty, cynical, and starving.In my resentment, I groundlessly refused to believe the hype.  It became a vendetta - I would envision jumping off my treadmill and ripping away their silver spoons. However since packed night after packed night firmly established that they couldn't be beat  - I joined.  And I LOVED. The service was fast and friendly, and in my case, came with a sexy Aussie accent.  I did not venture past the seafood section of their northwest inspired menu, but I was extremely pleased by the fact that they were committed to serving fresh, local, and sustainable seafood. Bay 13 is the perfect excuse to throw on that cute black dress and pretend that we all are a little more upscale than we actually are. (shh...no one knows that you devour the happy hour nachos at Rock Bottom) Actually, they do - and Bay 13 embodies this idea that I love about Portland.  On Monday, you can be Irish at Kells, Tuesday you're a Salsa-Senorita at Fernando's - and Wednesday you're Posh Spice at Bay 13.What the heck - I even scoffed at the gym-goers emerging with an all too familiar scowl. Tomorrow I'll be in their shoes again, but tonight I'm in the land of Posh - and when in Poshland...
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2007,7/29/2007,24,184,6,9,8>my check engine light comes on, i freak out.  oh crap i'm a college student on a budget.  call all around town for an estimate on checking my engine.  anywhere from $60-$90 for a honda, omfg are you kidding me?  i could eat for a few dayswith that money.  last resort, called this business, man tells me its $40 (totally do-able)and he would take me in right away.  as soon as i arrived he knew why i came, did our business without the bsing (need this done or that done and this and that) he got straight to the point, refered me to napa automotive and i was on my way.  he was VERY informative and VERY friendly, LOVED it!  i especially love that he wasn't trying to screw me over because i'm a chick (which is why for the most part i always bring a dude with me just in case). anyway, i'm exremely glad i found this place.
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2007,7/26/2007,26,311,4,7,3>Oba offers a happy hour that offers yummy food AND cheap cocktailsMost of our favorite happy hours offer gourmet nibbles for a few dollars. You can eat several appetizers, which will set you back $10 tops but there's a catch --- one specialty drink could cost just as much. And that can get expensive for my 30-something friends, who like our lemon drops. So that pushed us to find what has become a rarity amongst the Portland bar scene --- a happy hour that offers affordable cocktails too.We found the perfect mix of good cheap eats and cocktails at Oba, nestled right in the heart of the Pearl District. Happy Hour runs here from 4:30 to 6:30 p.m. daily. Plan to get there by 5 p.m. at the latest to snatch a table with friends, as this trendy spot gets hopping with an upscale, attractive crowd. If you're alone or just with one person, a seat at the bar can be just as entertaining with good-looking bartenders, who mix up the charm almost as good as their cocktails.Cocktails cost a mere $3.75 and that price includes margaritas, cosmopolitans and lemon drops. Next to McMenamins, you'll find the best lemon drop in town here, made with just the right amount of sugar, fresh lemon and liquor. Where else can you get our generation's version of a great martini for less than $4?Now that we got the cocktails cover, let's dish out the menu. Nuevo Latino Cuisine is Oba's speciality and patrons can nibble on some tasty tapas ranging from $3 to $4. Items include ceaser salad, calamari, fish tacos and coconut shrimp. This is gourmet on a budget and right in the Pearl, where you'd expect prices to be the highest. But instead, it's one of Portland's best bargains. The service is not only fast at Oba, but the waitresses are some of the best I've had in recent years. They're right at the table, seemingly seconds after you finish your drink and always remind you that it's last call for happy hour. How often does that second drink come when you're almost ready to go?All of these reasons make Oba a favorite return spot for happy hour. Pace yourself, though, it's easy to down several cocktails fast here. Good thing the the street car is a few blocks away.Tip: Make sure you get there as close to 5 p.m. as possible. It's hard to even find a seat at the bar after that. Although the restaurant half has its own good repuation, it's the bar that brings in the happening crowd. After 6:30 p.m, the close of happy hour, the crowd quickly fizzles out.
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/10/2007,7/25/2007,6,9,2,3,4>As the bartender pulled another hit off his cigarrette, I asked him what his favorite joke was. "Just because you don't tell jokes doesn't mean you're not a good bartender," he told me.Dry as he was, he did whet my appetite with a cold beer. And although I opted to stay the hell away from the publicized Pabst, my bartender did mention that folks can get kegs to go here - no joke!And yes, it is a dive. But it's a Reedie Dive (translation: hippie friendly) - quite fitting in a place filled with college heathens and located on a street called Woodstock.The bar is smoky, small, and usually filled with quiet boozing/gaming types. The food: stale popcorn and whatever that thing was that flew by me out of the microwave. It might always be happy hour here, but you won't be too thrilled with your digestive tract after eating anything. Fill up on the cheap beer instead.But, the red vinyl chairs and jukebox give the dive a kind of cool, retro-feel to counterbalance the gastronomically challenged crowd.Make sure if you do stop by the Lutz to bring some cash, as the joint doesn't accept "new" money.
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,3/14/2011,52,136,6,6,6>This place may be a hole in the wall like many of the best Asian restaurants, but the food here is good enough for a celebrity.No joke, we saw Tuan Anh here- the famous cross dressing Vietnamese singer (facebook.com/pages/Tuan-) while eating on a saturday morning.   Too bad he covered his face in our paparazzi picture.Onto the food, what else would you order at a restaurant called Bun Bo Hue restaurant other than bun bo hue?  Order it spicy, it will clear up you sinuses! The broth is very flavorful without being too oily.  They offer a generous portion of fresh herbs and vegetables to add.  They also have the perfect amount of meat including pig's feet and coagulated blood.  Not quite as good as mom's, but this place will hit the spot to satisfy a craving.
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2010,3/13/2011,84,137,6,12,5>Alberta needs a new Thai restaurant like it needs a hole in the head.  When I saw the Vida location was being reoccupied, I was quite disappointed to see yet another Thai joint coming in.That said, Cha Ba Thai is probably my favorite of the bunch, so I can't be a total hater.  It's the game to hate, not the 5th Thai restaurant in 15 blocks.The decor is nice.  Kinda mixed media rebuilding center funky with some cool richly-colored art and flatware.The food is delicious.  Lots of flavor and some good options.  I just wish that one of these places would move away from the Saigon Kitchen model of Thai menus.So, if it were one of two, or maybe even three Thai joints on Alberta I'd give them 5 stars.  But if you want 5 you're going to need to bring something new, not just delicious grub.
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2010,3/12/2011,98,164,7,16,12>Being raised in a devout Catholic family has resulted in me having some serious guilt issues and a refusal to participate in or patronize anything even remotely related to any organized religion.  That has all changed and I am now making one exception to my no religion rule for the divine goodness that make up the cakes at "His" Bakery. At my workplace we have been sampling the cakes at His for our monthly birthday celebrations. Every single cake, no matter the flavor or style (lemon chiffon, chocolate raspberry, Bavarian chocolate, chocolate mocha...and much much more!) have been absolutely scrumptious. The cake is always perfectly moist, the filling just the right amount, and the frosting is never too sweet and makes me want to lick my plate clean. I've started purchasing their cakes for birthdays and friends, and not a one has been disappointed. The prices are fantastically reasonable - $12.95 for most two-layer cakes that easily feeds eight people, and they also discount day-old cakes for $5.00! I believe they also do specialty and wedding cakes. My sweet tooth is grateful that this heathen is allowed to walk in and buy these heavenly goodies. The people here are really nice too-just be prepared to be "God Bless'd" a few times before leaving.
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,3/11/2011,152,62,6,12,7>Without a sign on the door or even any indication that there's a fantastic bar in the back you could easily miss Central as you walk down the alley between Berbati's Pan and Dan & Louis Oyster Bar.   Most people who stop by the window at Perierra Crêperie will completely miss the fact that there is a speakeasy in back.But if you walk into the door next to the Perierra Crêperie window and through the black curtain at the back of the store you'll find yourself in one of Portland's most promising new speakeasy. Shhhh. I didn't tell you about it.The hidden away aspect of Central is of course part of its charm. The inside of Central is very understated, but with a pitch perfect mood set by hanging incandescent lights and candles which are scattered around the bar.  Central is the kind of place you grab a drink, order a crepe and find a nice dark corner to spend the wee hours of the night with someone special.  The back bar of Central is impressive and shows a tremendous amount of thought and taste.  In addition to an impressive collection of Absinthe, the single malt scotch selection is fantastic.  The cocktail menu is a great mix of classic cocktails and inspired creations, each served up in magnificently ice frosted glasses.  On the back of the menu are some great simple and easy standby drinks including gin and tonic and they are an absolute steal.One of the lead bartenders for Central comes out of New York's "PDT" and while she wasn't on the evening I went, I'm REALLY looking forward to having such a heavy hitter behind the bar in Portland.In addition to fantastic drinks, the crepes are truly inspired.  I had the opportunity to taste both the sweet and savory crepes and although I liked the sweet ones, the real stars of the show are some of the savory ones. So many people in Portland have talked about opening a place like Central and it's fantastic that Dustin Knox has lept out of the cart world and into this space. It's a fantastic model of what's possible in Portland and definitely a place I'll frequent.If all this wasn't good enough, Central is open 7 nights a week until 2:30 in the morning, filling a huge gap in Portland's late night scene.  Part of me wishes I had resisted the urge to post this to Yelp, a place like this is a fantastic secret, but it won't be a secret for long and could become one of Portland's hottest late night haunts. It's simply that good. But don't tell anyone I told you so :)
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,3/10/2011,123,492,13,24,22>A true 5-star experience in every way.  This restaurant fits so perfectly into a number of categories: neighborhood gem, special occasion, romantic, great wine list, tremendous food.  The Bud and I went to A Cena a few weeks back because I could not get my craving for lobster under control.  Lobster is what I miss most about living near Boston.  A Cena's signature dish, the Agnolotti, made me a little weepy when I took my first bite of corn and mascarpone ravioli with a chunk of lobster claw.  It immediately brought forth all the comforts of home.  I knew right away that I wanted to have my birthday dinner here a week later.  And that's exactly what I did.  The Bud and I assembled a small dinner party, made reservations through Open Table, and visited A Cena for what was truly a perfect evening.  Service was superb.  Our waitress helped us select both red and white wine for the table.We all ordered from the menu, though A Cena gave us the option in advance of our reservations to develop a family style menu.  I think the variety we ordered made it worth while to order from the menu, but I do think that if your group is large enough, definitely consider allowing the kitchen to work with you to develop a specialized feast for you and your guests, especially if you know there are select items from the menu that your guests will enjoy.  I personally recommend starting with their wonderful grilled romaine with crispy pancetta, and as much of the house-made agnolotti as you can convince them to serve.We were lucky enough to be there on an evening when Michael was working the kitchen.  He came out personally to welcome us and let us know that we were in for a dining experience to remember.  The man does not lie.  All of our food was superb, each course building to the biggest surprise of the evening - he had prepared a beautiful, decadent, multi-layered sponge and chocolate mousse cake served with crème anglaise.  Best.  Birthday.  Cake.  Ever.  Thank you, Michael.  Thank you, A Cena.  I am sending anyone who will listen to me your way.
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,3/9/2011,23,99,17,15,17>Eating here has temporarily disabled my English so I'm reverting back to da pidgin... (There has only been a handful of times when I was sent back to da aina when eating out in Portland)Hawaiian, you gotta eat here! I ordered da signature sandwich plus an ova-easy egg. da bugga is pretty big, ono and messy! I broke my egg yolk and wiped da (biodegradable) plate clean with the las' piece of my sweet bread. My haole friend ordered drunken noodles... I ate most of his too, cuz he eats slow and his was SO ono too! Been long time since I would pound some food, then have to pound somebody else and take their food. Woohoo braddah Deacon! I think his name was Deacon, you got the touch, keep it up.The kalua pig is pretty much at the standard which I would eat it again--I think this is perhaps the first time that I will re-eat someplace's kalua pig. Their freshly made pao doce (portuguese sweet bread) was buttered and grilled just like my dads used to make for breakfast. The coleslaw was just right to compliment the saltiness of the pig. Again with the drunken noodles; the slaw's sweet mayo run-off mingling with the noodles heated with a great blot of sriracha set off the flavor explosions you'd expect after surfing a nice afternoon session and picking up a ono mixed plate sitting in the sand waiting for the sun to set. In other words, I was back home... my overstuffed mouth told me so, even though the cold fall air and the ominous clouds disagreed!Ho'i aku au i ka lilikoi! E hele kakou! HAwaiian!
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,3/8/2011,645,1150,14,18,16>Gretchen's Kitchen just may have hijacked some of my abundant affection for Meat Cheese Bread.  I stopped here today when I espied Gretchen's sandwich board on the sidewalk.A cozy restaurant with three tables.  The gals that run the shop are cheerful, energetic and outgoing.  Definitely plenty of long-time customers here.  I guess I stood out as a newbie because when the one gal was telling the other gal what my order was, she referred to me as "the new guy." When I entered, I was immediately told what the soups of the day were (today they were French onion, broccoli with cheese, and sausage lentil).   They all sounded good, but I went with the sausage lentil.  I also ordered a Meat Loaf sandwich (sans default tomato and lettuce).Gretchen's Kitchen was playing an oldies radio station.  The one gal was concerned that I was getting blasted by the speaker.  Impossible.  How can any cut from Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon be played too loud?In no time at all, my order was ready.  The lentil sausage soup (also containing lima and green bean) was excellent.  Perfectly seasoned.  Hearty and thick too.  The meat loaf (served on a very nice white bread and with a slice of cheddar and a judiciously thin smear of mayo).  It  was seasoned well, but it might come across to some (but not to me) as bland. When they wanted to know if I liked my meal, they asked, "Table 3, how is it?"  With my mouth full, I just responded with a thumbs up.When I paid for my lunch, the one gal indicated that I should look up Gretchen's Kitchen up on Yelp, as she gestured towards the Yelp stickers on the door.  Not a bad idea, if you've never eaten here before.I saw they have a breakfast menu too, so that's yet another reason to come back.
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,3/7/2011,158,216,8,15,10>I was curious when eaterpdx said a new ramen joint was coming around. Not like we don't have great places here. The poorly underrated biwa, the overly celebrated yuzu and the less often mentioned toshis. They all have their good points, i love the broth and other things at yuzu, but the noodles fall short and are not chewy enough. There's this funny smell and taste that comes from the right ramen noodles..its hard to describe but theirs are not it. however an incredible bowl of ramen. biwa does have those great noodles, the broth is decent that egg is fantastic and the pork belly cha shu is outstanding. i don't know why you guys gotta hate on them. toshis, toshis is right all the way around, the price and atmosphere. enough said. onto this place. We squeeked in on HH and got the karage, i make unreal karage but always am curious when i see it on the menu. Theres was very good, nice little bite of yuzu in there, really hot and delish. we got the spicy yuzu and the butter miso. I'm partial to miso ramen most of the time. The service was fast and friendly and we got our steaming bowls in no time. So there's that smell with the noodles that i said right? they have it, chewy and perfect. unlike pho, the noodles play a huge factor in ramen. you can have great broth and great meat but if your noodles aren't good it's not a stellar bowl of ramen. the yuzu "spicy" not so much spicy but better flavor than the miso butter, there was just something alittle lacking in the broth..maybe more stock? or more soy? i dunno. the chashu was soooo good. really awesome flavor. i like the corn and the pre cooked bean sprouts as well. yum yum.  not to lecture and please keep that in mind. ramen in tokyo is quick and dirty drunk food. sure some of it facier but the best place ever was this little crap hole in yokohama china town. their bowls were huge about $6 and had the best star anise beef ever. I think they were Taiwanese, don't try and look for it now it burnt down long ago. and also Denny's, Denny's had the best bowl of ramen ever. it is true. all the ramen here is so fancy. quick and dirty and cheap people. ramen is like the burrito of drunk food. ok so back to it, would i go back? yes most deff. it's those noodles man, can't beat those noodles.
<review# 2535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2010,3/5/2011,301,344,6,12,10>After many visits in one month's sitting, this place is certainly one of my favorite neighborhood bars to venture. The food, drinks, and service excel in my book . Every time I have visited, our group always get the same table. Most of my visits I usually get the tall glass of homemade raspberry lemonade cocktail. After one drink, I get a nice buzz for the rest of the evening. The small bites portion are great to share amongst folk or just be a little selfish and keep to yourself. Mac and cheese is addicting with their ooey gooey beer cheese sauce and tender pasta. You can even get the beer cheese sauce as a dip on the side if you like. The Poutine has various toppings such as collard greens and seasoned gravy to keep ya coming back for more. The fried butternut squash is probably the best fried concoction I have had in a long time. The main plates will certainly fill ya up. I had the C-Burger for my first visit and added creamy chevre and roasted jalapenos for a small added charge. It certainly paid off because that burger was mostly gone in minutes. Whenever a place uses Painted Hills beef, I'm a happy camper and will leave satisfied. The jalapenos give the burger a nice added spice and heat as the chevre leaves a cooling effect after each bite. The braised pork with the provolone cheese and grilled focacia bread is also highly recommended. The melted cheese certainly holds the sandwich together. Fries are delicious; crisp, herbly seasoned, not greasy, addicting as hell. Green salad also compliments well with the main dish. Service is great and they don't bat an eye when the group wants to split the check up. The bartenders are super friendly and make sure the group is taken care of. Even when the place gets slammed at times, service doesn't deteriorate. Raspberry lemonades are calling my name, cheers!!
<review# 2536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,3/4/2011,240,523,6,13,11>One thing I can say is that they don't disappoint.I've been here numerous times for either happy hour and full on dinner.Delicious grub. It's been months since I've been here but I can still taste the vividness of their mac and cheese. There is some kind of homey feel into it. Something special. Something real.And the creative and handcrafted drinks? Sure why not, right?! I make sure I try different concoctions everytime I go here. If you're left clueless, ask the bartender for his advice. They are friendly. They put out a smart menu. Try it.
<review# 2537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,12/29/2010,264,523,9,8,8>The burger was so good I wet myself. Hmm... correction, that was the juicy burger dripping down my chin onto my lap. I am shocked that out of 43 reviews, not one Yelper has talked about the burger until now. OMFG, Garden State makes a burger as divine as any 5-star steakhouse red meat sandwich. Garden State describes it as "Highland Oak beef, provolone piccante, red onions in thyme vinegar, chili aioli on a brioche bun." It was so much more.As I dived in for a bite, my sinuses were rushed with the buttery and eggy aroma from the brioche. At this point, the burger had the looks and smells, but did it have the taste? Yes! The beef was perfectly seasoned with salt. The provolone piccante added a punch of pepper and spice. The red onions nicely balanced the burger with subtly acidity. The brioche bun did not fall apart half way through my burger ecstasy. It is without hesitation that I declare each bite was utterly perfect.I speak on behalf of Sellwood's belly and myself that Garden State will be greatly missed as it migrates North to join its sister cart at the Mississippi/Skidmore location.
<review# 2538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,12/28/2010,645,1150,12,12,12>I've always liked the term "Doris Day parking."  If you aren't familiar with the expression, it means finding a parking spot right in front of the restaurant or bar you are going to, especially when parking in the vicinity is generally gnarly.  So how about snagging a Doris Day table at Henry's 12th Street Tavern?   Because that is what we did.After bidding adieu to friends at Jake's Crawfish, JP and I walked over to Henry's on a crowded Friday evening.  The lower level was SRO jam-packed (the upstairs reserved for a private function).  Nonetheless, we immediately found a clean and empty table already set with drink and food menus.And how about Doris Day service, food and drinks at Henry's?  Despite being nearly invisible due to the army of revelers standing around us, immediately upon us sitting down, a very nice waitress came over with waters and to take our drink orders.  For the entire time we were there, service was perfect!  We found that incredible with the size of the crowd.Our martinis, the usual - Tangeray, splash of Cointreau, twist and served very cold, were five stars plus.Because I got to Jake's too late to eat with the rest of our friends, I ordered myself a pepperoni flatbread at Henry's.  Perhaps the Shakespeare quote "A rose by any other name would smell as sweet" is appropriate, because Henry's flatbread is what I would call pizza.  Pretty good too.  But I gotta get a little dig in, and this is with respect to seeing a lighted, cluttered storage area behind the big translucent frosted windows overlooking the mosh pit.  I don't know if Doris Day would approve.  :-)
<review# 2539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2010,12/27/2010,158,216,7,6,7>I do this all the time, I have an agenda, and I run around till it's like 2pm then I'm like holy crap I haven't eaten, is that why I'm snapping at everyone and shaking my fist at drivers? possibly yes. We had a bunch of errands to run and got a late start cause my hobby is sleeping and taking super long to get ready. went to gartners bought a bunch of meat for various cookings, and some other shopping things then realized i am starvation rhythm nation. we punched in brunch around killingsworth and bumblekiss popped up. reading your reviews I figured why not, plus they're open for brunch till 3:30 pm not bad at all. JW is correct it is overly cutsie, which is fine and everything, I'll eat in a box if it tastes good so i don't really care. I'm not a huge french toast person, in fact, I don't think I've ever ordered it, sugar makes me hyper then I need a nap so usually I'm a Benedict girl and base my opinions on whether it's a good brunch place or not on their Benedict. Mr. Ben read that sometimes their poached eggs are a little hard so i opted for the Cinnamon roll french toast, so glad I did. I think I would have preferred just one egg and some bacon instead of the scramble but it was different and tasty. I also ordered a side of biscuits and gravy which was different and good. Mr. Ben had the mushy mushroom scramble. First of off the potatoes were fantastic, those were excellent home style potatoes. secondly the apricot jam was super tasty even though I'm pretty sure it's just trader joes jam. they had real maple syrup none of this we will give you mapleline for free but charge you more for real syrup. that's some bunk I'm telling you. you can't charge me $10 a french toast and be all like here's generic sugar melted. bah.anyways, they have yummy syrup. We had an over abundance of food however, for the price it's a little light on quantity. other than that it was a cute little baby restaurant.
<review# 2540,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2010,12/26/2010,19,45,6,5,5>if you've got a moustache, you should be here.  i do adore the parlour, but i won't drop the "o" in moustache.  why take the "o" from moustache and keep the "u" in parlour???  i seriously don't get it.  but what i do get is excited for the borderline bizarre variety of shows that occur here.  this is a very creativity-oriented venue, combining shows and performances with things like locally made goods and eccentric books and zines.  add stumptown coffee, organic teas, and local brews on tap (while the draft selection is rather piddly, they're still a young business, so i'm hoping this will change).  throw in some gin & tonic flavored mOustache wax, and you've got yourself a party.  i mean, i'm still working on my 'stache, but even if you haven't got one, the parlour is worth checking out.  prices are average to slightly above, and open hours are a little hard to determine, so i'd recommend checking their website calendar for show information.  it's a rather small space, but it's very cozy and they make it work.  it's dimly lit and sometimes pretty loud, but it's not a bad place to hide away for a bit and read a book.  i've only been in a few times since the parlour opened, so i hope to update this review with a few more specifics (and perhaps another star??).  until then, show the parlour some love and stop in.
<review# 2541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,12/25/2010,122,301,2,10,5>I know zilch about suits.  When I told my friend about how I needed a suit for my sisters wedding, he went on and on about breaks and lengths and I just wanted him to do the whole process for me.He wouldn't, but the people at Well Suited probably did better than he would.  I walked in without knowing what size I was and they got me measured up and a few options were selected for me.  I picked one out, they took my measurements and then I returned a few days laters for a fitting.  I needed just a few adjustments and a few more days later I had a perfectly fitted suit.  Awesome -- especially for around $200.  Incredibly friendly people work there and they're quick!
<review# 2542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,12/24/2010,10,66,13,15,6>Two years after surgery and life with my new eyes couldn't be better. Why? Because I don't run into things like:Wishing I could see the BIG E atthetopof the eye chart. Youknow,theonetallerthan the "Made in Oregon" sign?-Foggy glasses cycling in the rain as I carom off parked cars.-Tender needle-points of pain with old, razor contacts in the morning.-14 pounds worth of saline and other eye-related travel accessories for a trip to the store to get milk, much less a backpacking trip. I practically had to bring a pack-horse to carry all the stuff...No more! Dr Kerry Hagen and his team turned a coke-bottle glasses bumpkin into a contemporary city slicker with 20/15 (really good!) vision. I'm still a bumpkin, but now nobody knows. Well, most people don't know.Hands-down, this is the best thing I've done for myself since chopping off the freshman 'fro I grew my first year in college.Eye Health NW will take care of you. Just pretend the little Dremel tool they use to burn away your epithelium (outside layer of eyeball - I got PRK) is a magic wand that will transform your day to day existence. And that the laser machine they point at your skull after pinning your eyelids back is a transporter taking you to a different (ZAP!!) world.It's all worth it. Take a few nice dinners out and put it toward eye surgery.
<review# 2543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2010,12/23/2010,171,68,3,6,4>I went to Y Chrome based on a Groupon.com recommendation. The people there were absolutely wonderful. I wish the music was something different though. It was a mix of bad classic rock and 80's hair bands. I really like that they had ESPN on the TV, but the music was so loud I couldn't hear it. The haircut was very well done. First time I've ever had my hair cut by a guy. My wife said that she thinks it's the best cut I've ever had. It was even all the way around and exactly what I wanted. Katie did my shave. She was hilarious. Just out of beauty school and so excited about her new business cards. She was extremely meticulous about the shave. I have an extremely tough and thick beard, but when I walked out I was almost perfectly smooth and I didn't have any razor burn at all. The hot towel was quite nice. I've never had my beard oiled before. The Groupon price was amazing. I would go back at full price ($25 for a regular shave, $35 for a straight razor shave) a few times a year just for the face massage and ultra-smooth shave.
<review# 2544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,12/21/2010,40,39,3,6,5>Waffle: I don't like waffles but I liked this one. Fluffy and a titch sweet. Very very good.My choice: Gruyere, Ham steak (Yes! Country cut thick ham), Jarlsberg cheese and real maple syrup.Overall taste bud party! Mixture of delicately sour cheese mixed with saltiness of really good ham and a good drizzling of oh-so-wonderfully-sweet real maple syrup, bringing together with just the perfect amount of moisture a fluffy light waffle making yes, a party in my mouth.(I feel like I was dreaming just now).Enough said. It was THAT good.Location/Seating: They may be a window but do offer seating either inside Bread and Ink or outside in the shade of some planter bamboos. Read: no AM sun but picnic tables and cute neighborhood orange cat. Good enough for me being a walk up window and all.Next time: Bananas cut on top of the fluffy waffle drizzled with banana caramel sauce topped by mound of homeade whipped cream. Sounded oh so good(:Cons: Doesn't fill a person up, a snack really to tease you to get two.
<review# 2545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2010,12/20/2010,194,499,11,9,7>Would you ever drive your car bone dry of gas just because you always run late for work and don't have time to stop and won't stop on the way home because you just want to get the hell home and away from all of those work people? Of course not!Are you one of those irretrievably stupid people who are certain that you have enough gas to wait until you can get to the gas station that you know who has prices that are just a little cheaper than the station that you are nearest to?No, neither am I.But if you have a "friend" that is, I can recommend these folks.They are quick--try 10 minutes from call to driving up--helpful, kind and good looking. They direct bill to State Farm which I just think is the coolest. Maybe my "friend" was just lucky. But unless you have a better idea, you may want to tuck this phone number in your wallet or on your phone.
<review# 2546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,12/19/2010,46,114,7,8,8>I have owned a Held Vegan Belt for awhile now (before there was a storefront) but only went into the store recently despite the number of times I go to dovetail and vita.  I don't wear it much because when I bought it, it was too big (and the only one available) and while my father's craftsmanship helped me to be able to use it, it isn't as cute as it should be.But now there is a store!!  With a whole bunch of belts!  +1: Wide, skinny, and normal sized belts; thick and thin belts; black, brown, and white belts.+1:  I was informed that they are made from conveyor belts; I like this as an alternative to leather-look-a-like material that falls apart (as well as a cute alternative option to folks that still buy leather). +1: All of the buckles snap off for changeability and I was notified that you can bring in the buckle to exchange it if you don't like it anymore (they don't like people throwing them out for such a bad reason). +1:They are reasonably priced at under 40 bucks. +1: The dude working there was very friendly.The best part- they don't just have belts.  They have cuffs, harnesses (the chest kind... I didn't see the dildo kind), and an amazing flogger.
<review# 2547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,8/17/2012,64,120,13,13,17>Disclaimer: I love this place.It's no coincidence I'm dropping some sweet review science on Landmark Saloon for my 100th review. Knowing I was about to hit trip didges, I did some introspective soul-searching self-reflection to think of a place that has a special resonance with me and it kept coming back to LS. It's got me like a roped calf. On first sight, it certainly wasn't a place that I would have thought would have an impact on my life but as I've spent more time there, I realize how dear it is to me. There was a time not so long ago that I would never have imagined spending hours playing cornhole at a Western bar and having a blast doing it. But that's exactly what's happening and it's becoming a highlight of my week. Oh! So as far as information that's relevant to people not christened AG, they've got boozes! Need you hear more? There's always an interesting drink special or two, sometimes served in Mason jar mugs if you're nasty. I hear the cocktails are good but I end up getting buckets of 4 Tecates for $10. They technically have food here, as required by law, and that requirement asserts its influence on the menu. Oh, they may have a good special from time to time but you should expect hot dogs, potato chips, and other cookout-type fare on the regular menu. I don't get the feeling from the staff that they want to have to go cook anything so they will be quick to mention the fact that Leroy's Familiar Vittles is in the patio area. Yeah, you heard that right. Landmark has a kickass resident cart. It is also worth mentioning that the A La Carts pod is just around the corner and another pod a block south on Division. Hell, if you're feeling all Franchy, go get something at Petite Provence and bring it back. That's a pantsful of dining options at your disposal right there. Life don't get no gooder.The biggest draw for me, however, is the Thursday night cornhole league. I'm usually one to reject Midwest-originated things, having lived there for seven years, but the cornhole is getting in my blood, like a benevolent heartworm. There are a few folks that take the game seriously. For them, cornhole is like a bridge over troubled water but for everyone else, it's a lark which provides a great opportunity to socialize and hang out. The crowd is superfriendly and welcoming, at least until they taste the pain of the HSS' laser-guided cornbombs. Even then, there's a decent chance drinks will be exchanged 'tween victors and vanquished. I can't say enough about the inclusiveness of the vibe here. Relationships are being forged here, yo.Landmark, I get a little thrill on the nights I know I'll be within your loving confines.
<review# 2548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,8/16/2012,202,297,15,21,14>Generation X , welcome back  to some of the best years of your life.Jones bar is the only club where you can sing along with Journey, Shake your rump to Wrex-N-Effect, do the Humpty Dance, put your W's in the air to West Coast Hip Hop, Thank your Lucky stars with Madonna, and admit you know the words to the Right Stuff by New Kids.This  80's-90's mish-mash club is a success. My criteria for success was how much hip hop they would play....Boy did they play a lot. One DJ had an entire 90's hip hop set...maybe 15-20 minutes straight! I got a damn good work out.My one gripe is that it is still the layout of McFadden's. Bar/lounge area on the left to far from the fun of dance floor, cramped lounged booths in the middle, a bar on the right, and the dance floor tucked way in the back. Good luck making your way back there on a busy night. I went on opening night so that explains the crowds. But this place was packed. That is a good thing. Someone seriously has underestimated the market for a non top 40's, hipster, douchey, meat market, barely 21 club.  This is the perfect place for 30 and 40 somethings who have outgrown that seedy scene. A place where people actually say excuse me or sorry when they bump in to you. The decor was an homage to everything we loved in the 80's and 90's. Murals of those music trading cards from the 90's and GARBAGE PAIL KIDS hung in the bathroom. Portraits including  ALF and the A-Team adorned the main room. They had 3 old school arcade games including the Simpsons. The only thing missing was a Street Fighter 2 machine.Sure, Portland has Crystal Ballroom 80's Dance Attack on Fridays, SNAP! 90's night at Holocene once a month. However, Jones Bar is the only place dedicated from head to toe to the awesome era of the 80's AND 90's. Jones Bar has the Right Stuff, baby....(you know the words)
<review# 2549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,8/15/2012,145,186,11,15,11>Portland has spolied us all with their lovely restaurant and bar assortment, so it is rare for me to walk into a place and immediately love it. I love this place.  It pulls off being simple but perfect at the same time. It's one of those places that you can get super hammered at in your hoodie or wear a dress and enjoy a quiet dinner on a date.The decor has the same vintage offerings as that of Burnside's Matador, but with an accomplished amount of sophistication and a better menu. There's a juke box, a second floor loft, pinball and leather booths to get lost in. The menu is small, but one that makes you want to clap your hands with delight when you first look through it. Goodies of the Latin variety such as arepas, nachos, empanadas. The food is not earth shatteringly delicious but it's good, and so is the service. The nachos come with mini sauces and the plantain chips are heavenly. The cocktail menu is also impressive but there is one on there with chocolate and orange and spice.  It sounds gross but when you try 1, I guarantee you will order 3 more.  In conclusion, I love this place. Now can we please not tell the judgy Noel Galagher look alikes that drink Raineer at the Burnside Matador that it opened? Okay, thanks!
<review# 2550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2012,8/14/2012,143,429,20,18,14>Lapellah is fully responsible for my recent adoration with Blue Cheese.  It is also fully responsible for all of the weight I will gain from this love affair.I met the girls here one night several weeks back for happy hour drinks and dinner.  Between all of us girls we probably ordered almost the entire happy hour menu, but I opted for the house Cab Sauv alongside a Blue Cheese wedge and Shrimp Cocktail at one of my friend's suggestion.  Now, I've never been much of a fan of Blue Cheese, but I didn't despise it.  Basically I was Switzerland.  If it happened to be included it was ok in small quantities, but I never sought it out.  That is, until I met Lapellah's rabble-rousing Diablo of a flipping wedge salad.If I actually thought it would do any good I would punch this salad in the face before I ate it.  It's like me meet up just to have hate sex.It seems simple.  A wedge of iceberg, blue cheese dressing and a sprinkle of green onion.  Nothing fancy.  No incendiary bacon getting in the way as a distraction.  No egg flouting it's malevolent intent of being the main showcase.  Just a simple salad.Only it really isn't.The Blue Cheese dressing on this bad boy is both mild and dangerous.  It's like it softly caresses your taste buds before it owns your entire subconscious.  There's not a single moment when you stop to think about what you're doing other than to glare at the person next to you silently judging you for attacking your salad like a rabid badger.  I would probably slather it on almost anything just short of a human being.  Ok, let's be honest...if the word 'please' was involved I might even consider that.While the wedge is truly fantastic, I can't end this without at least mentioning the rest of the fare.  Happy hour (3:30-6pm everyday and 9-11pm Fri & Sat) runs between $2-$6 for both food and drink items.  The shrimp cocktail is fresh, delicious, and the perfect size for happy hour, and my friends were more than pleased by the bacon-wrapped jalapenos and calamari, specifically.If you dine outside of happy hour, I highly recommend the Washington Mussels cooked in garlic and white wine and served with perfectly-crisp hand-cut fries.  It was served with an aoli that we didn't actually care for, though our waiter was more than happy to bring us another condiment so the dish was completely copacetic.  I've also tried T.J.'s Mac & Cheese which is a great option if you are feeling extra gluttonous, and made hearty left-overs for the following day.  This of course is capped off by an amazing and sometimes hot staff.Lapellah, you are an asshole.And I mean that in the most endearing way possible.
<review# 2551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/13/2012,188,386,14,23,22>I have just seen an artist at work.I watched him pull out some crazy thing with tentacles and big ol' inky eyeballs and transform it with no small amount of magic into a lovely and delicate shrimp sashimi.I watched him precisely chop a hunk off an eel with the tail still on the end, stick the perfect (tail-free) pieces in a toaster oven (!?), then delicately place each one on a bed of rice and paint it with a sauce that could only be made of pure love.When I turned my head for just a second, rolls appeared from thin air, the craftsmanship was so tricky. Rolls with crispy shallots here, surprise pieces of toasted seaweed there.I held a glass filled with gin, its perfect cube of ice melting away with the night, and with the ginger beer I poured on top of it.I witnessed so many amazing feats of beauty, one dazzling spectacle following another.And without regret, I swallowed up every one.
<review# 2552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,8/12/2012,99,154,4,7,3>I'm a sucker for a good sandwich. Lardo doesn't have good sandwiches. They have great sandwiches. Amazing sandwiches. Incredibly delicious sandwiches. Mind-blo... well, you get the point.I never made it to Lardo in its cart form, but I am incredibly glad I've made it to their new brick & mortar shop! Grab a sandwich on the go for about $8 and expect to be quite satisfied. Better yet, stick around, add some fries, & grab a drink or two. You'll spend a bit more, but the food is well worth it.Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a menu to go work my way through!
<review# 2553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,8/11/2012,294,129,10,10,8>"Hey, where are you guys?""Over and Out.""Oh, why didn't you tell me you weren't going to hang out?""No, we're at Over and Out.""OHHHH, I thought you mean it like, we're over and out!"This actually happened.  Who's on first, anyone?Aside from the name causing confusion when meeting up with friends, this place is awesome!  Super friendly staff, pool tables, pin ball machines, delicious food (I had the tomato bisque... it had a very nice red pepper flavor!  Also... the cheese plate.... uh.mah.gah.), great drinks and very decent prices.  I could probably hang out here all night.  And I pretty much did last Friday night.  Just steer clear of the pee smell and SUPER drunk dude on the way in.  Or better yet, go in through the Observatory instead of walking around back.
<review# 2554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,8/10/2012,101,254,18,8,7>Me:  "I'll have a double macchiato."Cashier:  "You do know what a macchiato is, right? Just a small little drink of espresso and foam?"Me:  "DO YOU TAKE ME FOR A STARBUCKS PATRON, BECAUSE IF YOU SERIOUSLY THINK I AM ORDERING SOME SUGAR-FILLED ABOMINATION IN AN ITALIAN SIZE THAT MAKES NO F-ING SENSE, I AM OUT!"[Well, really I just rolled my eyes].They gave me my macchiato (heart made out of foam!) and I enjoyed the sh*$ out of it because espresso with foam is how I roll.Seriously, their espresso blows all the national chains out of the water...even if they do think I'm some witless philistine.
<review# 2555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,8/9/2012,1295,556,2,15,9>A close friend was kind enough to gift me with the tranquility package here for my birthday so I decided to start my week off with it. The woman who took my appointment offered to email me the paperwork so that I would not be rushed upon my arrival which was a really lovely touch so I just handed the receptionist my gift certificate and paperwork when I arrived.I was led to the locker room area which was very tidy and I was a bit uncomfortable at first because a woman was in there filling the shampoos and such. Sorry, but I am not one of those just let's get naked in front of random persons type of a person. She seemed to take the hint though and finaly left me to be alone to change. I changed and wandered into the center room which has a gorgeous water feature and big comfy chairs, magazines, etc but before I had time to look around a sweet woman appeared calling me by name. I was led in for my foot rejuvenation. Honestly, I could imagine coming back just for this alone because wow. The chairs were amazing, laying you back while you get exfoliated and massaged. She took her time and brought me amazing tea, water and whatever I wanted. She led me to this nice room to have lunch which was very good and presented well. I will say that it was a bit noisy and distracting since the room seems to be right in the middle of everything and there were a lot of people running back and forth while I was trying to eat. I am also a very slow eater so I did feel a bit rushed during this portion of my visit.Next up was my Earth elements wrap which was heaven. After a lot of targeted pressured massage she wrapped me in tea soaked linens and mylar. It was amazing enough on it's own and then came the rain therapy...I could have stayed in there all day, no joke... My skin felt amazing - so alive.Last was my massage which was wonderful, of course. She did focus on the areas I suggested when she asked. I had never experienced a day at a spa before so this was lovely. For those of you, like me, who have limited funds to get specialized spa services I will give you pointers. For massages - I have several ladies I go to where I may not have the spa environment but cost half the price. I do highly recommend getting a wrap though for a detox or a foot rejuvenation to lift your spirits. These folks treat you so well during these individual treatments that you will feel just like you spent the day there. Also, they have a steam room you can utilize before or after you treatment, lovely showers and even an array of wonderful products etc in case you need to freshen up afterwards. Or just lounge in their tranquility room with some tea or snacks they provide.
<review# 2556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,8/8/2012,126,2155,13,19,16>Screen Door is pushing nearly 800 reviews at a 4.5 star average. It's obvious my dribble isn't going to do much to sway anyone's decision so I'll keep this short.I avoided Screen Door for a long time for various reasons. Fried chicken reminds me of KFC. Waiting in line turns me off. And the hype surrounding this place seemed way too good to be true.But then again, in the back of my mind, my most trusted Yelp reviewer Andrew H raved about the place. And if you're his friend on Foursquare you'll see how much he goes there. So when it came time for his birthday celebration, brunch at Screen Door with a group of 15, I had to attend if only to see how a place this busy was going to accommodate that large a group without a reservation. I assumed we'd be in line for like three hours, plus breakfast, potentially a five hour breakfast experience.Totally wrong. Our group of 15 was seated in a mere 90 minutes. Holy shit. Three different servers swarmed over our table without batting an eyelash at splitting up the checks from the get go and displaying the kind of attitude that reeked of how much they appear to love their jobs. Then the food arrived.Again, holy shit. Screen Door is one of the few restaurants in the country that can pull off top quality ingredients AND massive portion sizes simultaneously. Of course this is a recipe for overeating. How can you put down an insanely large breakfast po boy when every bite is moan inducing? How can you not want to plow through three pieces of fried chicken and the waffle below?Every single thing about that trip has convinced me that Screen Door is the real deal for breakfast. Perhaps the only breakfast spot I would wait for in the future without complaint. And of course we've also learned, yet again, that Andrew H knows all.
<review# 2557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,2/28/2013,45,259,,8,5>First time in was two days ago. FANTASTIC first impression of this place .I read the menu. All these burgers sound great. I gravitate to the "Black Molly" (baco-cheese with philly steak and peppers on it), but I also inquire about the "Peanut-butter-pickle-bacon" because, quite honestly, those are all AWESOME ingredients, but I am having trouble envisioning them all together. I explain this to the cashier while I order my "Black Molly".One of the chefs overheard the conversation/questions I had about the "peanut-butter-pickle-bacon" and whipped me up a small bite containing all those ingredients! It was sublime! These ingredients were born to be together.It was so nice of them to do this!Needless to say- the Black Molly burger I ordered was incredible, too. But I have been dreaming of the peanut butter burger since. So I took a friend with me today and had it.Freaking awesome. Killer Burger is now my go to burger place!
<review# 2558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/27/2013,402,355,4,8,7>My husband loves to dance, and thankfully he's pretty damn good. Secret Society has a soul night that our group decided to check out, and we ended up having a blast. There were classic cocktails, most people were dressed to the nines, and they were spinning good tunes.While we didn't make it to the main bar, I passed by it several times since it's next to the ladies room, and it looks pretty cool. Small, dark, and warm.I'd definitely come by again for another soul night, and wouldn't mind checking out the main bar sometime. Just a hip environment, but not necessarily hipster. Everyone just seemed to be having a good time dancing and drinking.
<review# 2559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,2/26/2013,171,142,8,15,12>BACKGROUND - I love Thai food. It's one of those cuisines that you can easily crave all four seasons. Rich coconut based broths paired with spices that can be from mild to numbingly sensational (haha as tears of joy flow down your cheeks)...Thai food hits the spot for me more than once a week. I'm going to say something extremely bold and sometimes overstated...Chiang Mai is my favorite Thai restaurant in town. PROS - Well let's see, Chiang Mai is a little different from your average Thai restaurant, and Portland has plenty. Chiang Mai specializes in Northern Thai cuisine. Nothing too strangely different, I look at it as more of different alternatives of original dishes coming into harmony, in ways I didn't think was possible. Take pad thai for example. At Chiang Mai, there is an option to get your dish of pad thai omelet wrapped so each bite ensures a nice portion of egg. I love egg. Egg in every bite of my pad thai? Yes please! As other Yelpers have mentioned, their "Khao Soi Gai" is phenomenal. The default is tender chicken drumsticks cooked in a rich, savory coconut curry broth brought together by egg noodles and topped generously with crispy noodles on top. You get a nice texture adventure when you dip the crispy noodles into the curry soup and eat with the egg noodles. I opt for a vegetarian version of the Khao Soi with white tofu and it is amazing. Friends can share another Northern Thai specialty "Yum Pla Tod", it's a trout dish that has a very nice presentation with amazing flavors. The "Miang Kam" is an excellent appetizer, you wrap herbs and savory goodies with chaplu leaves and dip it in this crack sauce they provide. Be careful of the chopped Thai peppers! Let's just say these guys don't mess around with spice! Surely everyone is familiar with the original "Larb" salad that Thai places usually serve. Here, there is an option to order a "Num Tok", it's a take on the grilled steak salad but with half a cabbage for you to wrap it in (or at least that's how my friends and I figure it to be and ate it that way lol). We also had the "Tom Kha Gai", a staple Thai coconut soup. I'm not sure why I have been putting "" around dishes throughout this whole review, but hopefully it makes the menu items stand out when I describe it.Obviously we didn't order this amount of food in one single visit! I recently discovered this gem in early December 2012. Been here over 5-6 times with different friends to sample more and more goodies. I have been going back there just to get the Khao Soi with tofu on several occasions. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu! CONS - Parking and they don't take reservations after 6:00pm. Also, if you are unlucky, you get a waitress (probably fairly new) who constantly picks up more than she can handle and drops a whole bunch of dishes on customers. We were lucky to not get her, so just be alert. There was also one occasion where there was a different waitress who got my order wrong because of a language barrier. Again, the food is so good here that even if I get the waitress who drops dishes on me and the waitress who gets my order wrong, I would still come back because Chiang Mai is my new drug dealer and I need my fix no matter what.If you are still wondering why I took a star off, this is it. I'm risking my life to get my fix and I shouldn't have to fear waitresses with falling dishes that still work there!POINTERS - Other notable dishes that friends have ordered and loved: Palo Moo and Pad Kee Mao.
<review# 2560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,2/25/2013,78,198,5,7,6>Aalto, there is no reason to hide with a hard to find sign and dark atmosphere. You are so amazing you should use the biggest font you can buy, not a huge sign with your name barely showing in a magic eye poster. Since you're being modest, I'll shout your name from the rooftops myself, especially after a few $2 happy hour drinks and filling my belly with delicious tomato soup, grilled cheese and addictive, garlicky artichoke dip. After coming here for a stellar UYE, I brought two people here, who had trouble finding the place but were both impressed with the food and drink-the total was $35. For EIGHT DRINKS and food. Hmm. That's my kind of place.
<review# 2561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,2/24/2013,345,531,6,7,7>Huge fan of this place and I don't even eat chicken. What I ordered was the fish sandwich which came with fries. I handled that sandwich and I didn't even know I had it in me. I saved the fries for later and they reheated nicely in the toaster oven for a late night snack. I also had a waffle and it is was delightful. The service was slow because the food was prepared to order, you could hear the fryers going when Jeff V. ordered his chicken. Blah blah blah to the rest of the complainers about the restaurant layout, the syrup on the tables (it's a chicken & WAFFLES joint!) the slow service and whatever else you have to gripe about. I would be skeptical if my food came out really fast, I wouldn't want my waffles to be pre-made and sitting under a food warmer. This place was fun, it was indeed excellent food and the staff members were very helpful, appreciative and friendly. Dubb even came out and said hello and thanked some of the patrons for coming in and dining. Hope this place sticks around and is successful.
<review# 2562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,2/23/2013,35,59,5,11,7>I tend to write reviews based on two sets of criteria -- either the food and/or service are spectacular, or the food and/or service are terrible. While I have written reviews for places that are just middle-of-the-road, they are the exception. Taste of Sichuan, very happily, falls into the spectacular category.I have been coming here for about 4 months. I fell in love with it the first time friends and I ate there, and it has become a regular stop. I have eaten here twice in the last week, and it is those to visits I want to rave about.The first was with my partner and his friend. They are both retired and manage to make it here a bit more often than I do, and on a recent visit they suggested I try the Dan Dan Cheng Du Noodle with Pork. I opted for the hand shaved noodle. It was wonderful. The noodles were tender were just a bit of chew. The pork was melt-in-your-mouth with a slight peanut flavor. Excellent dish. And since I can't go to Taste of Sichuan and not be a pig, I also ordered the Cheng Du BBQ Lamb and the Swimming Fire Fish. The lamb was slightly smokey with a hint of some spice I could not identify, and it had just the right about of heat. The Swimming Fire Fish arrived in something the size of a caldron. I expected a small bowl, not something I expected to see witches chanting over. Nonetheless, it was very, very good. It was not nearly as hot as I was expecting or hoping, and told the server so. He said they tend to reduce the heat for those who might not be expecting it, and assured me I could get it hotter and more authentic next time.Today my partner and I went in for lunch, and I decided to try the Chong Qin Chicken. Now, let me explain. If you have read some of my other reviews, you know I love food that reaches out, grabs you by the cajones, and introduces itself. The Chong Qin Chicken did exactly that! It was lightly breaded, very flavorful, hot enough to wake you up with that mouth numbing effect that I love. I could have eaten my weight in Chong Qin Chicken. I will definitely be back and will keep working my way through the "Wild Side" of the menu.BTW, the service has dramatically improved over the last few months that I have been going there.
<review# 2563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,2/22/2013,56,165,5,17,8>You have to know what to expect when you come to Indian Ocean Restaurant and review it accordingly. Walking into this restaurant isn't like walking into your typical American restaurant. It's eastern African. Imagine walking into a restaurant in Somalia or Kenya and you'll get a better idea of what Indian Ocean is like. It's gritty but clean, disorganized but welcoming. My wife and I, eager to try Indian Ocean, stopped in for dinner recently. It was a one-man-show. The owner took our order and then went back in the kitchen to make it. He was very very kind and proud of his little restaurant. He made everything from scratch, including the flatbread, which was some of the freshest and most delicious flatbread we've ever had. We each ordered a "wrap" (my wife chicken, I beef) but it comes out on a plate, so you can wrap it up or eat it like a plate of food. For $7 each we got a heaping pile of deliciously seasoned (but not overseasoned) meat, a helping of fava bean stew, and endless amounts of that flatbread. It was really good! We haven't experimented much with African foods (really only Ethiopian and Moroccan) but we we both thought the food was excellent and a nice new change. In addition to the wrap we also received a salad for starters and, my personal favorite, a large glass of house juice! That's right, the owner mixes up a juice made of a blend of tropical fruit nectars and OH MY GOODNESS it is sooooo freaking good! Arguably among the best juices I've ever tasted. I have no idea how he made it, but good lord! So again, you have to take Indian Ocean Restaurant for what it is. You don't review a restaurant like this against Portland's big hitter Ethnic restaurants like Pok Pok or Nicholas or Piazza Italia. It is a very small, very ethnic ma'n'pa establishment that serves a very unique meal and deserves props for what it is. And besides, the price is right, the food is very good, and it's a very unique experience. When you're tired of the typical ethnic food around town, the plethora of Thai, Vietnamese, Mexican, and Lebanese restaurants around town, try something new and stop in to Indian Ocean. I would suggest coming for lunch, however.
<review# 2564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,2/21/2013,56,255,3,10,5>My girlfriend and I accidentally found out this place had a lot of vegan options (clearly marked with a "VN"  on the menu) and decided to give it a try. Vegan Cuban food... who knew? Wow! This was one of the best meals that I've had in a long time. Be forewarned, the portions are huge and this is a place to eat while wearing your loose pants! We started with the Malanga (garlicky taro root fritters) with slaw, which were delicious with some banana-ketchup like sauce on them. She ordered the Integral Combo (brown rice, black beans, fried plantains) and I ordered the Picadillo Comunista ("Socialist soy hash" with fried plantains, avocado, fresh mango salsa). We always like to share when we go out and a little bit of her black beans with the hash was extremely tasty. I will definitely be back again and again. Just remember that this is the sort of place where you go when you're going to eat one meal for the day :)
<review# 2565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,2/20/2013,122,144,4,11,7>I guess I'm not alone in overlooking/forgetting how awesome Chez Machin is, even though it's just a few blocks away from my home!Five years ago the mister and I had a fantastic brunch here, but for some reason it kind of fell off of our collective radar and I hadn't been again until lunch with my boss last week. HOLY wow, one of the best lunches I've had all year. Salad regime with blue cheese and apples was sublime, but the real star (as others have mentioned) was the vegetarian french onion soup. I really miss french onion since quitting beef, but Chez Machin's veggie version is a totally acceptable substitute. Also as others have mentioned, the portions here are substantial. The half salad was huge, and paired with a cup of soup was downright hearty lunch fair. Add to this the great ambiance: it's small, but with room to walk, intimate but not just for romantic meets. Crepes next visit, and NY resolution: Chez Machin will become a regular lunch haunt.
<review# 2566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2012,2/19/2013,171,91,3,10,10>I have gone to this store for myself and for my son who runs cross country.  They have the best customer service as far as retail stores. Not only is the customer service excellent  they are also very knowledgeable when it comes to anything running, walking, cross country, track and trail. Be prepared to workout here if you are looking for shoes.  Wear your work out clothes and bring your old shoes with you.  They will look at the wear of the shoe and watch how you run so they can best help find the perfect shoe for you.  I  thought they would try to push the more expensive shoe on us, but they were never pushy.  They just want to make sure that you are happy with your purchase.I recommend checking this place out.  They are great.
<review# 2567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,2/11/2011,122,59,6,10,12>From the novice to the more experienced home roaster, these guys have just about everything you could want or need.  This husband/wife team carry an excellent selection of green beans from all over the world, suitable for virtually any taste preference.Need advice? They are knowledgeable and friendly.Need equipment or suggestions on how to rig your own toward any purpose...Mr Green Beans is the spot.As a new home roaster, these guys answered all of my stupid questions and made some excellent unsolicited suggestions that I was able to apply immediately.  2nd time around, I was able to ask smarter questions and they didn't hesitate to steer me in the right direction.So here I sit, with my old WestBend "The Poppery" hot air popper, roasting batch after batch of beans and enjoying some of the most consistently good coffee of my life (in spite of the fact that I'm a huge Stumptown fan).Buy more than 5 pounds of coffee and they'll knock an additional 10% off the cost of your beans.  So, you may ask, how much does all this coffee cost?Dude...it's dirt cheap, especially if you're buying already roasted beans from one of the local (or not so local) suppliers.  I just walked out of there with 7 pounds of beans and paid a grand total of $35...and that included 3 pounds of the more expensive Ethiopian beans (all of $6.30 per pound after discount).Sorry, but I don't care who you know/blow...you ain't getting 7 pounds of anything worth drinking locally for $35.Roast it yourself...wait 2+ days and get ready for some of the best coffee you've ever had.Seems like they have some home soap-making kits there as well...but I'm just in it for the coffee!
<review# 2568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2010,2/10/2011,100,382,10,17,17>I really dig this place. There's never been cover when I've gone out there, pool is free, drinks are cheap and stiff (heh), and it's vegan! Oh, Portland... never change. I also like the intimate setting. The stage is relatively small and ringed with plenty of seating, while there's also room to hang back if you prefer. The dancers were gorgeous, of course, but also seemed a little offbeat. Interesting choices in music and dress. They seem a little quirkier than the talent at other clubs, and that really does it for me, personally. The added contact also makes the place pretty special. I think it's funny that so many people are mentioning this as if it's a bad thing! I mean, at-will employment in a town that's positively saturated with strip clubs sure doesn't seem like exploitation to me. In fact, some of the girls say they like and even prefer the extra freedom to interact with clients. It's not like abuse is tolerated as a result of this policy, or like these women aren't able to choose who they will single out for this bonus material, so I really don't see the downside.Anyhow, this place has a special place of fondness in my heart. I highly recommend going to see Harlowe perform, too... she's a fabulous dancer!
<review# 2569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,2/9/2011,457,356,12,12,8>I have been to Kornblatt's several times now and have deliberately not Yelped the place.  I wanted to run a gamut of items before I wrote up what is one of the few true deli's in Portland.  We have great sandwich places and a few good deli's but this would be the ultimate Portland deli experience in my book.This last visit I had visitors from the culinary wasteland of Idaho.  These poor people live in a land a chain restaurants and truck stops.  Not that truck stops are bad, but there is little variety.  So I took my fellow Jewish Spudland refugees to Kornblatt's for a taste of the promised land.  When we walked in I saw my brother's eyes glaze over for just a moment, his nose sending signals to his brain that this was the real deal and there was corned beef and pastrami to be had.After perusing the menu for a while we all decided to was sandwich time.  The Brother and The Niece ordered Reuben's while I just went with the regular pastrami.  Our server was so nice, and quick on the drink refills too which always an added bonus.  As we waited we kept talking about different things on the big menu over the deli counter.  Suddenly, stacks of pastrami and corned beef made their way to the table, majestically perched on a throne of rye bread.  The vat of pickles on our table practically jumped on their own onto our plates to be next to our sandwiches.  The aroma was amazing.  The taste was as good as I remember from any deli ever in my life.  It was all topped off with a rugula dessert, decedent and warmed slightly it was heaven.My Idaho family had to be forcefully removed from the premises, they wanted to move in and have the owner adopt them.  It was an ugly scene.....
<review# 2570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2010,2/8/2011,236,543,5,11,11>Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is a guy book. I've met few girls who have engaged with it. (The reverse is true for The Poisonwood Bible; that took many chapters for me to engage, despite reading it aloud alternately, chapter by chapter, bedtimes in bed with a beautiful girl)Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance is a meditation on the philosophical basis of quality. It proposes a dynamic complement of intuitive and objective quality, romantic quality and quality determined by precise measurements, yin and yang. It unifies Western philosophy that began with the Greeks with Eastern philosophy that began in present day India and China. Intuitive and romantic quality is something which can be seen immediately but is difficult to describe. The thesis of the book is that you need intuitive quality to produce objective quality and objective quality to produce intuitive quality.It's clear to see Heart embraces both romantic and objective quality.The guys and girls working here get that, and whomever designed the beautiful space gets it, despite likely having never read the book.The coffee is excellent and the design is outstanding!When I was a kid I wanted to be an architect. I didn't go in that direction, but I have maintained a strong interest in product design and architecture. From that background, there is literally nothing I would change in any detail of the Heart interior and its contents. (Except the coat rack, the coat rack is only 3 stars. They could make it 5-good with a Merkled version)Heart is like the love child of Allied Works yelp.com/biz/allied-work architecture and Hand Eye Supply yelp.com/biz/hand-eye-su, with laboratory equipment from uncle OHSU, and a few select antiques from grandmother Sigrid Fehrenbacher Clark yelp.com/biz/fehrenbache. With that Heart gets the design Robert perfect.It's a mix of modern minimal materials, from high - the marble counter and stainless shelves, to low - the rustic engineered floor. Unlike me, they "get" how to use tile. Some custom hardwood furniture, in walnut. A mechanic's tool cabinet for parts and maintenance of the machinery. The tasteful antique-y elements thrown in in an uncluttered way - funky seats, a fan, and old wall illustrations.The music is chill (unlike Stumptown 3rd, which is often overcaffeinated or too varietal), the baristas are charming, and the customers, a nice neighborhood Portland mix. The whole place is clean and quietly sparkly in the best way possible. They also have a very designer-y jade plant planter, I swear they are going towards topiary!A communal table is arrayed around the hearth of a large Probat roaster. They are the audience when that machine is performing. There are also some small 150g nano roasters that look like something from a microbiology laboratory. Heart roasts single source small supplier varietals. Ask at the counter what's up for the day. They have beans to go. The day I was there, the roasters were at work coaxing and adjusting the machine, logging the process in their lab notebook, though not exactly in the strictly serialized page format, more clipboard style, testing by touch, smell and color throughout the process, while monitoring the temperature on a precise digital meter. That's objective quality at work. They are up there in the best of Portland microroasters.They do have a small selection of tea, chai and cocoa, but the focus is on coffee. Honey, sugar, raw sugar and simple syrup sweetenings if you use that. A tasteful display of coffeemaking paraphernalia for home use, including drip filters from Japan. A small, designed, selection of pastries, in spotless laboratory glassware. The behind the counter areas also look like the lab you clean and straighten up right before the head of the National Science Foundation visits - they keep it that way all the time though! More objective quality.Heart is a quality spot for a meetup, getting some work done, and having great coffee in a well lighted neighborhood place which will delight your design mind.(A note, they have decided to turn off the WiFi on weekends, and there aren't any open access points accessible in that location. They still had a good crowd. But just so you know)
<review# 2571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2010,2/7/2011,104,97,10,15,13>This is one of those never say never things."I never write reviews of Chef driven restaurants". But I'm gonna.Went after work, walked in at 11:35pm to " welcome, come on in, have a drink ,and something to eat".  So refreshing, thank you for that.There will be  plenty of reviews just for the food.So let me just simply say. We ate off the Early - Late menu. The food was perfectly prepared, and exactly what I needed. Really good for you food.  The Trout was ............ well lets just say we both had a smile on our face. And had a stare down for the last bite. But what I would like to let you know, is that this is going to be a happening late night place. Most of the people at the bar worked at another restaurant. I can see this being a place where people who cook, serve, and pour for a living, hang out and eat and drink for fun. They serve food till 12am. Yes let me repeat that a different way.   Really fuckin good food till 12am.The look is very chill and relaxed. I love that the kitchen has floor to ceiling windows, so that you can see the line from the street. Nice touch.The staff friendly and inviting. I hope to try the dinner menu at some point, but I will be here often eating, drinking, and laughing with friends at the end of many nights.
<review# 2572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2010,2/5/2011,457,244,31,15,22>Pizza is like sex.  Even when it's bad, it is still kind of good.  Following this same line of skewed reasoning, Apizza Scholls would have to be considered a no holds barred Megan Fox, Angelina Jolie flesh & sweat sandwich romp.  Dominos is the toothless $10 hooker from 82nd; it doesn't taste good but after a night of debauchery it does the trick.For me, Pizzacato has always been that semi attractive girl next door, the one you pass by on the way to work, maybe exchange a pleasant smile with, but doesn't normally make an appearance in your mind's fantasy playland where latex clad midgets, big breasted bimbos and Kim V's Mom get down and dirty on a daily basis.When she first moved into town, sure, we fooled around a little, but nothing serious.  A quick slice here, a tossed salad there, but nothing regular.  Nothing that kept me coming back for more.  We eventually parted ways.  I found other hand tossed partners and in the end she wasn't even in the running when needing a late night pizza booty call.The years have passed, but the other day, the TLB and I, desperate to expand our horizons and satisfy our culinary curiosities, decided to ring her up, invite her over for dinner, have some wine, put on some moves and see what happens.  Well, let's just say since our last encounter, she seems to have added a few tricks to her repertoire.  Behind the demure and understated exterior, was a buffet of goodness; a clean and inviting destination, offering some combinations not seen before and flavors that were above and beyond a typical one night pizza stand.We were both equally impressed and satisfied.  Her number has since found its way into our little black book.  I'm thinking we might just have to make her into a regular affair. In fact, I might have to see what she is doing this weekend.  Maybe invite her over to watch the game, introduce her to some of my friends.  I mean, it would be selfish not to share such a good thing with others, wouldn't it?And by the way...I don't do bad pizza, just bad pizza joints.
<review# 2573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,2/4/2011,213,358,23,18,17>You mean there are people working at Amnesia? Dude I thought it was some sort of self serve coop. Seriously there is no distinction between people "working" there and people drinking there. I figured it was like a volunteer honor system, i.e. Duane H. is hanging out there at 2:30 on a Wednesday because he just cashed his unemployment check. Some other unemployed guy who got there one beer earlier than Duane volunteers to serve up Duane an IPA and takes his money and puts it in a wicker basket behind the bar. Then as Duane sips his afternoon IPA he goes to the grill and cooks up a Bratwurst for himself and anyone else that asks for one. I really didn't think that they had official employees there, well maybe the guy that brews the beer 'n shit he probably gets paid for making the beer but you never see him around taking people's beer orders. By the way I hope the beer maker is paid well because they do make some pretty choice brews.Enjoy
<review# 2574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2011,2/3/2011,145,218,15,17,13>Darcy's is always there for me in a pinch.  Mix 2 parts indecisiveness, with 1 part hangover, with a dash of starving and I turn into a diva.  I had been several times, many times for breakfast, once for pizza.After being seated I tell the always friendly waitress that I need some vodka with orange juice, make that vanilla vodka, make that..."Can I just make you a good drink?""Yes please""HOLY SHIT THIS IS DELICIOUS!"With hangover pretty much cured before my half (read whole) order of country fried steak and eggs got to me, which was fast, I was ear to ear.  Maybe I am alone on this, but there is nothing better than watching a single server handle a busy ass place by themselves and never miss a beat.  It was Christmas eve and she was rocking the joint, always smiling but admitting, "I didn't think it would be busy at all."The pizza side of the place hooked me up as well.  After trying to decide with a friend which pizza to order, we were informed that we could half and half the pizza, even with sauces.  So half barbecue chicken, and half peperoni, perfectly divided, and very tasty.They have a jukebox for music, a few tvs showing the game, and lotto machines, but it isn't your typical lotto bar, or bar for that matter.While they may lack a specialty, they do many things right, and I am always wanting to come back, now it's easier as they have a rewards card!!!
<review# 2575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2010,2/2/2011,400,884,9,16,10>I was going to bring home burgers from Stanich's but got going the wrong way and ended up on Sandy. Man, I gotta start wearing my glasses when I drive at night. Anyway, maybe night blindness is a good thing because through the squint, I spotted Killer Burger. I wheeled into the parking lot, not quite sure if I was on a one way street. Smile when you call me Magoo.I couldn't see the menu board, but they had a couple of laminated paper menus taped to the counter. Peanut butter on a burger? Hell, I'll try anything once, even if it kills me. Gratefully, Killer Burger is just a name, and I'm glad I got that peanut butter, pickle, bacon burger. It was damn tasty! It's not just a glob of peanut butter slopped on a burger (darn), but rather, it's a patty topped with a peanut butter sauce. Kind of like a Thai peanut sauce, but not. There's nothing else particularly crazy-fancy or gourmet about Killer Burger fare, but they do allow you to build your own burger with just about any toppings they have. It all starts with nice, thick, perfectly grilled burger patties that look hand-formed. The toppings are super fresh and plentiful: crisp lettuce, non-wilted tomatoes, big pickle slices. Lots of burger places totally fall down when it comes to the the bun--often using Costco cheapos--but not Killer Burger. Their buns are soft, yet substantial. They have to be to hold up under the weight of all that burger stuff.The fries were thick and perfectly brown. I got our burgers to-go and I was in and out in 15 minutes. Two of my kids didn't want to wait for dinner and went out for pizza before I got home. They sure looked jealous watching the rest of us wolf down our delicious burgers.I like Killer Burger. I'll be back.
<review# 2576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,2/1/2011,188,386,11,13,10>Simplified: I don't want to wash my own car. I don't want to vacuum. But there are times* when I want it to be sparkly clean, inside and out. *Times:- Giving my boss a ride to someplace.- Having the cute boy walk me to my car.- Going to the mechanic. Yup. Just like brushing my teeth before the dentist.Of course I want it to cost not a lot. And the Washman folks have always given me the best deal, not trying to push signature scents and all that silliness.So Washman, even though your waiting area is weird, and you sometimes maybe skimp on the vacuuming a tiny bit, I'd much rather it be YOU and not ME out there in the cold. Plus, you gather up all the change and chapsticks that I've dropped since last I've seen you, and stick them in my plastic container. So it's like I get a tip for letting you wash my car. I really like what I don't have to do because of you. And my car does, too.
<review# 2577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,7/30/2014,98,273,16,9,8>You know in Pulp fiction when Uma Thurmon orders the $5 milkshake?  (youtube.com/watch?v=zoJA).  With inflation I suppose it would be a $15 milkshake now.  I may not be a milk shake aficionado but Heart is the only place I will buy a $6.50 hazelnut milk latte.  And even though I'm on a student budget, that latte is - WORTH - EVERY - PENNY.  I do not say this lightly.  Otherwise, decent people watching, always clean and nice open space with fairly good seating.  Pain in the ass that they cut off the wi-fi on the weekends.  I get that they need to turn tables but hell, did you notice I just paid $6.50 for my latte?  That sh-t should always come with wi-fi!
<review# 2578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2014,7/29/2014,194,364,8,12,11>Pros:+ HANDMADE noodles made by Leung Kwun Hung (who has mad noodle cred coming from Bvt's Duh Kuh Bee)+ Conveniently located at the huge cartpod at the 10th and Washington+ Perfectly cooked thick noodles (chewy without being too stiff, nor too mushy)+ Nice variety of sauces (regular, spicy, and curry) and your choice of chicken, tofu, or seafood+ Most chicken or tofu dishes are only $6-7 (a bit more for seafood)+ open 6 days a week (Mon-Sat), 11am-6pm (though often they'll stay open later if there's enough business)Cons:- Closed on Sundays- As Don B. noted, as as one would probably guess from the name, noodles are really the forte of their dishes, so don't expect rich sauces or other ingredients to steal the showNormally you have to go to DKB or Frank's Noodle House for handmade noodles, but this stuff is just as good, quicker, and cheaper; quite the winning combination in my book!!
<review# 2579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,7/28/2014,227,412,8,7,8>Sure, I like chocolate. It's good. I don't go crazy for it. My daughter on the other hand, LOVES chocolate. If she were Achilles, chocolate would be her heel. If she were Samson, chocolate would be her hair. If she were Superman, chocolate would be her kryptonite. You get the picture and besides, I don't think I'm making the right analogies. Whatever, she loves chocolate. My husband received a little blue box of four Moonstruck chocolates as a gift from a friend. Having never tried them before, I didn't think much of it when he let me choose one. Wow! As someone who isn't a huge chocolate fan, I was shocked at how delicious this one was. My husband had one that he described as a little spicy and loved it too. Needless to say, my daughter was raving over the one she ate. Of course we looked them up right away and found out this was a local chocolatier. (Add this to my list of why I love Portland). A few days later, on my daughter's birthday, she decided she didn't want birthday cake but wanted a trip to the chocolate cafe instead. Of course we obliged. The cafe is a cute little shop that displays chocolates much in the same way other places display jewelry. My daughter chose some truffles to take home and ordered a chocolate shake to have there. They have different size boxes to choose and build your own chocolate gift box. I think the single chocolate truffle mini box is adorable and would love to give or receive that as a cute little gift. My daughter chose a nine piece box (they had up to 40 pieces which cost $75). While there, I had a delicious mayan hot drinking chocolate. It was thick and rich but I really enjoyed it. The only little (eh) thing about this visit is that the workers seemed to be preoccupied. There was four of them but only one or two helping customers while the other ones were chatting. The place got really packed, I mean there no empty seats packed, and there seemed to be no sense of urgency from the people that were working there. They weren't rude, just not great. Still, the chocolate is enough to give this place another try,
<review# 2580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2014,7/27/2014,223,255,8,16,11>For the love of all that is sanity. Make an appointment. My issue was an emergency. I had no choice. The  Service Waiting Area is just counter space. So as I stood there waiting, with no TV, radio, or even a magazine of any sort. I waited. So after waiting for what seemed like forever ( about 15 min. ). My car was about to be looked at. I was told it would be about 15 min. and there is a waiting room. I was told to follow the "Yellow Line" to the front. It was awesome. You pass through a dull ordinary door and you enter a whole new world. Like being in a mystical world of metal shop. Then you come upon another boring door and just like that..... the adventure is over. The waiting area is fine. Big windows to look outside.  Comfy Couch and Chairs. A Pop Machine. Coin Candy Machines and a Play Area for kids. There is a TV but some one doesn't know how to operate an Analog TV Conversion Remote Set Up and went back to this review.I WAIT... 15, 25, 35, 45 minutes later Dave L. (the Service Writer on shift that day.) found me waiting and said "the bad and the worse and the why were awesome!THE BAD: Multiple Problems Found.THE WORSE: Cost - at least $1,100.00 - $1,500.00Point Taken. Get A New Car... Correction, Get another car!THE WHY WERE AWESOME: Knowing they would just be robbing me by charging me more in repairs than the car is worth. By 3 X. Dave told me, be gentle, keep putting water in it and get another car.I said, thank you and asked how much for the service? Dave said it was $49.00 but he felt bad they couldn't help me and said, "No Charge". Awesome!Thank you Mac's Radiator and Dave L.
<review# 2581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,7/26/2014,47,25,5,10,8>Finally, some decent coffee on Broadway!The interior is modern and urban, with enough seating for around 7-8 people. You can either sit at the bar in the window, which faces broadway, or the bench, which is surprisingly cozy. The place is decorated with terrariums, making it more inviting.It's also refreshing how wonderful and kind the staff is. My first time here was around 4 on a Tuesday, and I was the only one inside. Jared, one of the owners (he opened it with his bros), was there, and he talked to me for about an hour. The other times I've been in, the staff was just as friendly (and they laughed at my jokes).There are pastries, I've just never been in when they had some left.As for the coffee? I'd say they're so close to perfect. They serve Coava on the daily, which not many other places do. They've got a good machine and the right tools, but they're mostly new to coffee. My cappuccino was awkward - the foam kind of just plopped on top of the espresso. But, it tasted decent and had the right temperature.My only qualm is that Saint Simon does coffee in an almost untraditional way, much different from what Coava does. Bear with me, here, if you don't consider yourself a "coffee snob." The cappuccinos can come in a large (hmm) and there was mention to them not wanting to use demi-spoons for their smaller, traditional drinks. The mochas are made of Sunshine Dairy chocolate milk with a shot of espresso and some vanilla flavoring (sweeter than I'm used to). This isn't a deal-breaker for SS, it's just... weird. Their goal was to create an environment where people didn't have to be afraid of coffee and all it's facets, which they have done so well! They make people feel welcomed and invited, regardless of their existing coffee knowledge. But, metaphorically, they have A+ coffee and are serving it in a B or B- way. As for now, I'll continue to visit and drink the coffee, knowing that they're full of potential. It's worth the visit!
<review# 2582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,7/25/2014,42,59,14,11,8>Ohh my wallet....so empty.. Poof! Ohh my stomach; so full! I guess it was an equivalent trade... Or was it?! Let's see so the market price for a pound of dungeness crab is around $11.  Dungeness crabs can weigh from 1.2 - 1.6 pounds.  They only offer the a crab's legs at the buffet, 6 legs would amount to roughly .8 of a pound.  The cost of the meal is $43 per person.  So in order to get your money's worth in Dungeness crab you would have to consume about 4 pounds of crab totaling to $44 you would go over by a dollar! Woohoo go that extra mile!  Anyways, since every 6 legs equal .8 pounds you'd be required to eat a total of 5 helpings of 6 crab legs ( 5 * .8 = 4 pounds ) so basically what I'm trying to say is you need to eat 30 crab legs give or take a few in order to get your money's worth!  By the way.. This is assuming all my math, prices and sources are credible.... Which I doubt are not.. if you think I'm and idiot I apologize but stick with me please and continue reading because I will now get into my actual experience of the Sunday buffet brunch at Salty's. Okay, listen I believe you need reservations for this place.  It was packed!  Don't worry about finding parking because they have free vallet. ( remember to tip! ) When you are seated you can order any drink, juices and soda are free. ( try the OJ it's freshly squeezed and tasted so fresh and pure! ) Ill just name a few things that I liked from what the buffet had to offer; prime rib, clam chowder, make your own crepes, chocolate fondu with various dipping options, ham Benedict, shrimp, clams, snow/Dungeness crabs, ( WOW! ) Mac and cheese and the apple pie was amazing!  Everyone I came with had a more than good time and the service was an A++  waters quickly refilled, many of the staff greeted us kindly and vallet was a bonus. I'm glad we chose this place to celebrate my mother's birthday!  The only sad thing is since my girlfriend is preggo she wasn't able to enjoy much of the seafood which is where you get your money's worth! I had to single handedly try to dominate the crab bucket!  Do you know how much crab I tried to eat?!  I would have passed out, foam from the mouth and needed resuscitation if I ate another bite!   As soon as that baby pops out were coming back.  I heart Salty's.
<review# 2583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/24/2014,58,75,5,18,4>I've become a bitter, angry, hungry-for-Chinese-food-person since moving to Portland where mediocrity reigns and even the "good" places offer nothing better than mall food-court fare. Since moving to the west coast if I've wanted Chinese food I've had to go to San Francisco. We became pretty regular customers, coming here before our bowling league on Monday nights. As such, we've had pretty much every server you can imagine, and tried nearly everything on the menu. Without a doubt the most reliable wonton soup in the city, and their soup is only trumped by their Pork Soup Shao Loong Bao - which is basically soup inside a wonton. Mind blown. We've been known to order two orders - and then a smaller rice or noodle dish and call it dinner for the two of us. Order the Shao Loong Bao, puncture with your chopstick to cool it off, and pour in some vinegar. Yum. Funny enough, they're supposed to be famous for their cherry pork - but I found it average and disappointing, and more like a so-so sweet and sour than anything resembling cherry. We've had everything from their clay pot curry chicken to their noodles, and always leave satisfied, and the left overs never last more than a few hours in the fridge. We've always been treated well by the staff, and come here often enough that I can say safely they are consistent in their service, presentation, and flavor. When I want Chinese in Portland, this is where I come, period. It's not Chinatown in Boston or NY, it's not SF blow your mind, but it's without a doubt the best Portland has to offer and a very, very solid 4+ stars.
<review# 2584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,7/23/2014,574,765,9,21,10>What a great addition to Glisan St. near Montavilla!  The place looks comfy and the folks working there are fun and engaging. They've got a full bar and a number of decent local brews to boot. You must have those for your pizza after all. And the pizza? Fabulicious if I may say so.  We sat at the bar and had a brew while waiting for our to go food. We got spicy eggplant/tomato/peppers pizza as well as a cashew cream (mmmm, my fav) with kale and vegan fennel sausage (yes you read that right and it was scrumptious).  The prices are very decent as well!  Best of all, the pizza was good even cold for breakfast the next day.
<review# 2585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2014,7/22/2014,54,368,1,8,3>I've only been for breakfast.  What?  You didn't know they had breakfast?  Neither did I.  You wouldn't normally think of going to an Italian place for breakfast?  Neither did I.  Luckily my friend sold me on going for breakfast, and I am SO happy he did.  While others were waiting next door over an hour to get into Mother's, we were seated immediately and enjoyed some wonderful fritatas, scrambles, (with hash browns YAY!) and fresh brewed coffee.  The service was great, and although they were suddenly slammed with a ton of people (and killed the kitchen staff) the manager came to every table to explain it, apologize, and ask if there was anything else they could do.  Classy.  I'm happy - so I will be back to try lunch/dinner!
<review# 2586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2014,7/21/2014,67,68,5,10,8>Cinetopia is how movie watching at a theater should be. Period.1. Over age 21 theaters = win. I don't have an issue with children (or, as I refer to them, spawn); however, they generally do not behave well, especially during movies. Cinetopia has solved this issue by allowing the 21+ crowd to enjoy a spawn-free movie experience.2. Dinner and booze during a movie = also a win. The food here, I will say, is not bad at all. I've had a few different items, and each time I've been very pleased. The prices are, yes, higher than what you would pay at a regular restaurant for what you get; however, beggars can't be choosers. The food is still definitely well up to par, and the booze selection is quite nice. Granted, I'd prefer hard liquor to be available in the theater, but again, that whole thing about beggars. ;)3. The condition and quality of the theater = thrice time a win. The theaters are well maintained, the seats are exceptionally comfortable, and it definitely lives up to the price. Cheaper is better, of course, but you pay for what you get. I'd prefer to pay a little bit more here for the experience, quality, and enjoyment.Only reason why it isn't five stars is that the dinner/drink ordering experience has been mixed. During a very busy time, they only have one or two people taking orders, and then it runs into the trailers or even the film, where they are delivering meals/drinks/etc. That'd be my only gripe. Beyond that, this place isn't half bad.
<review# 2587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,9/6/2012,70,846,5,7,5>When a sandwich place is named Big-Ass Sandwiches one of three things needs to happen.  Number one and most obvious is that the sandwiches better be "Big Ass".  Number two if number one isn't true is that the people serving should have "Big Asses".  Number three, there better be some "Big Asses" somewhere in the vicinity.  Luckily number one is true.  These are big ass sandwiches.Gut bomb is about what this sandwich is.  A good gut bomb.  Obviously I gave them 4 stars.  For my first time here I ordered the namesake sandwich, The Big-Ass Sandwich ($7.50).  Choice of slow-roasted turkey, slow-cooked roast beef or ham with hand-cut french fries, grilled and piled onto a ciabatta roll and covered with homemade béchamel cheese sauce.When asked what kind of meat I wanted I asked for the woman's (owner) opinion.  She said they are known for their roast beef and that turkey was a close second.  I went with the beef.  She also asked if I liked spicy and I said I liked spicy.  Within 5 minutes my sandwich was wrapped up and I was on my way to the waterfront to enjoy the goods.This sandwich is a monster.  I honestly couldn't finish it in one sitting and believe me, I can eat.  The roast beef was super tender.  The roll was super fresh.  The french fries were super.  Maybe they should name this place Super Big-Ass Sandwiches.  Or not.  I took the rest of the sandwich back to work and finished it up a few hours later.A good large sandwich has been difficult to find in this city, but happily I found it.  It was right underneath my chin.  My messy béchamel cheese sauce covered chin.  Good times.
<review# 2588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,9/5/2012,75,83,7,13,10>I've driven past this decades-old place a hundred times and never knew what to make of it. Earlier this year my guy started a new job nearby and we decided to investigate further.It's not a strip club. It's not a castle. Contrary to the big sign on the roof, there are no steaks served, "for your enjoyment" or otherwise. Inside, it's dark and divey, decorated ala 1970's bachelor basement, complete with wood paneling, retro beer signs, a creepy snake hide on the wall and a bunch of pinball machines. Blech, you say?Turns out, Club 21 is the place to go for a freakin' awesome burger. They make perfect tater tots. And there's RC Cola on tap. YES!!I'm kind of a tater tot junkie, and on the first visit to 21, we were trying to decide whether to sub tots for fries along with our burgers, or order an extra side of them. The cook overheard our debate, and the baskets arrived Overflowing with tots. Seriously--I ate until I was stuffed. I took more than half of them home, which I dug into at dinnertime. I scrambled some with eggs the next morning. And there were still tots left. I was hooked.Then I discovered what could be the best burger in Portland. The Club 21 burger comes with bacon, an onion ring, lettuce, tomato bacon jam, and a slab of smoked gouda almost as thick as the meat. It's enormous, fantastic, and only $8 (a buck less during happy hour, which goes til 7PM every day). It can be difficult to wrangle and difficult to finish, but you will want to eat every last bite.Creative folks should order the Build-A-Burger. Each table has a laminated menu and dry erase marker for you to construct your meaty masterpiece. Choose from 53(!) ingredient options, including: type of meat, bread, spices, sauce, cheese, veggies, condiments and extras such as grilled pineapple, fried egg, roasted red peppers or maple ham. Add to this one of the six side options, and you won't be hungry again for a week.There are other sandwiches on the menu, including a monte cristo, pulled pork, chicken parm and a mushroom swiss veggie burger. I will confess that I have never tried any of them; I get a burger and tots every time. They're too good to pass up.Club 21 also has friendly bartenders who know their stuff, a digital jukebox loaded with tunes ranging from The Violent Femmes to Johnny Cash, and a decent-sized patio tucked behind a privacy wall, with umbrellas and heaters. What more could you want?
<review# 2589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/4/2012,8,71,6,12,9>Our neighborhood is way cooler with this pizza shop around !!!! The pizza here is excellent, what makes it so good?? The sauce for one, just hand me a ladle and I will take care of the rest. The dough is perfect and a great palate for the sauce. House made cheeses, creative and fresh ingredients with always something new.I am all about the knots with garlic and herbs all ready to be dipped in some sauce. Also the sandwiches here are really good, amazing bread, killer meatballs and great sandwich fixings. For dessert eat some cookies... they are cookies with salt and stuff that tastes good.The pies are like 18 to 23 bucks which is very reasonable. They offer lots of great happy hour deals in the shop and pizza by the slice. I am excited to see whats next. With all the talent and dedication the owner possesses, Baby Doll Pizza is a force to be reckoned with. It's incredible what these guys can do with there own bare hands.
<review# 2590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,9/3/2012,240,523,9,9,7>Talk about a 1 liter can of Asahi beer. It is deceiving from afar, specially if you are not wearing your glasses. They have extensive sake list in which they graciously included local Sake companies from Forest Grove. I almost got lost and fell asleep just by reading at an almost 30 page book list (the book is the size of a pocket book, so it's not really that big). What they have for their sake lacks for what they can offer for the table. Their sushi selections are limited. However, there is not a bad food there. The fish is fresh and all rolls are of topnotch quality. Best of all, a lot of their items are OR-GAAAA-NIC. Tasty.So, you'll see a lot of people wearing glasses with no prescription, plaids, skinny jeans and body odor.
<review# 2591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,9/2/2012,184,178,10,9,10>Killer Burger may be the only situation where I utter the phrase "Till death do us part". However the question is when would those words be spoken, before or after my burger? Because I fear too many visits here and death may very well be knocking at my door. Killer Burger, their slogan should be come in gluttony awaits!   Not only do they come with a suggestive name but a menu tagline that makes me giggle like a school girl, reading "All burgers come with fries and bacon". It's like they knew I was coming or something, did someone just scribble that on the chalkboard for me? There were plenty of options to chose from but come on, if I'm to dine or die for that matter shouldn't I go out eating with pride? It is after all a deadly sin you may also encounter. That said there was really only one choice for my premeditated consumption, the Black Molly burger. A burger that no doubt had serial killer written all over it! Picture a 1/3lb patty topped with shredded Philly steak, cheese, bacon of course, brined peppers, grilled onions and a house sauce. I could have even tested my faith further by adding a second patty and fried egg! I Love that about Portland, forget super sizing go with the egg option. However I didn't want to duel with death today even deciding to skip the mayo. Something that had our Yelp burger master Don B. soon hating on me for. He seemed irate telling me I should have ordered it with extra mayo! I'm sure if the angel of death did decide to cash in on my gluttony that Don would have stood hovering over my lifeless body, making sure to squeeze some mayo in my mouth like a last right of passage before my soul transcended to the afterlife. Cool Don, maybe you are the devil. Ok, before we decide on my death let's talk about my burger. My bun was slightly toasted without much sauce to get in the way. The beef patty was charred around the edges but juicy and the shredded beef fork tender. The cheese oozed, bacon was crispy, complimented by peppers and onions that were nicely caramelized. Overall this burger had a great medley of textual sensations. The fries were pretty good too, like fat potato fingers with a light dusting of salt. My only gripe, the bacon was kinda wimpy. I mean if you want to kill me with something shoot an artery clogging bacon arrow straight into my heart with two thick cut pieces! Still this burger had great flavor and I can't really knock anyone for making bacon a standard. One more thing I will praise is the red tinted beer I washed all my sins away with called Bloodshed red. An ale which the server told me is brewed off site just for them. This beer was mild but refreshing with a malty, caramel finish. They had a pretty decent selection of PDX favorites providing a smile and punctual service with what could be your last meal.Like this restaurant it's fitting my meal had an overall theme but while no bloodshed ensued or death occurred I did satisfy my inner cannibalistic demons with some killer beef and libations. So don't check with your Dr. before visiting Killer Burger just go and experience some killer flavors!
<review# 2592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,9/1/2012,550,1055,7,15,13>Bollywood Theater serves da bomb Indian food. Most items on the menu are vegetarians/vegan friendly which is a total plus. Don't worry meat eaters, they also have meat entrees such as Chicken curry with Rice. I had their Vada Pav which is a Mumbai version of "poor man burger". It's basically spicy potato dumplings dipped in a chickpea batter and fried. Served on a roll with Chutney. It was delicious and the price tag is $3.I also ordered the Kati Roll which has Paneer (cheese), Egg, Pickled Onion and Green Chutney rolled in Paratha which is Indian Flatbread. There were two rolls for $6.50.I was stuffed and so does Jesse. He had the Potato Samosas which are two savory pastries filled with spiced potatoes, onions, Ginger and peas, served with Tomato raisin chutney (which is amazingly tasty).The only downside about this place is not the restaurant fault but more customers arrogance and selfishness. They put up a sign advising people to stand in line and order their food first before getting a table. However, people just park their asses and sit down before ordering food. Then these nice people who work at this place told them nicely that they need to order first, some people stood up and followed the rule. However, few people argued and didn't want to move because apparently this whole world evolve around them. My suggestion for Bollywood Theater is to get a host at the front entrance before we order our food and pay at the counter. That way when this place is getting super popular, it won't be a complete chaos. So, yeah, go now before this place is getting busier. Happy Feast!
<review# 2593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,8/31/2012,645,1150,11,23,21>Certainly five stars for the friendliness of the people at this cart and their creative dogs.This was my first visit to Cartlandia. I was surprised that cars can be driven in and parked right in the middle of the pod, for better or for worse.  I suppose there was a certain irony to ordering a hot dog right next to the trail (Johnson Creek) that I was jogging on only a few hours earlier.  I ordered Relish's bacon hot dog with carmelized onions and garlic aioli (but without the default bleu cheese).  I've loved bacon-wrapped hot dogs ever since I had one from a food cart in Morelia, Mexico late one night a few years back after a night of clubbing. It was pretty cool that when I said to hold the bleu cheese the guy knocked the price down and offered to add more bacon, free of charge.  Of course, I agreed!Relish does their bacon a little differently. Instead of wrapping it around the wiener, they serve it in pieces on top along with the very nicely carmelized onions.  The dog was pretty good, but the wiener meat was not the best in quality.  And, the garlic in the aioli was overbearing. Still, I'd like to come back and try Relish's Coney Island fries, because I already know that I like Coney Island sauce, having had it for the first time earlier this week on a sausage from Otto's.
<review# 2594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,8/30/2012,57,121,4,7,6>I've been excited to try out this new cart! What a perfect place to stop on a sunny day on your way to the park. My son and I came by today to get a couple boxes of snacks to take on a picnic. He makes a little kid's box with turkey, cheddar cheese and crackers that remind me of wheat thins, only better. They are so light and flakey!  You can also add either fresh or dried fruit, the fresh fruit being what ever is in season. Today we got some marionberries! I decided to get a little bit of everything in my grown up box. Coppa, salami, white cheddar, fromage blanc, a few types of crackers (oatmeal, seeded and butter) cranberries, pickled things (dilly beans!), olives, a honey stick and some dijon mustard. I drizzled the honey in the fromage and mixed in the cranberries to spread on the oatmeal crackers. I normally don't like goat cheese, but this was actually really nice! I loved their crackers, which they make themselves. The seeded crispy cracker had a great, savory flavor and the butter crackers were flakey like a biscuit. Delish! Cheese & Crack also offer soda and bitters, which we didn't try today. Maybe next time! I'm looking forward to seeing this place grow and taste the menu changes.
<review# 2595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,8/29/2012,70,389,4,8,8>The "Bird Dog" name doesn't come from any of the conventional or urban slang definitions of that phrase, but rather, one would imagine, as an homage to the cafe's signature dish moniker, a hot dog prepared in the way occasionally people are used to hearing a different cut of meat prepared in some parts of the country.The "Bird Dog", is a "chicken-fried" hot dog, smothered in a rich, creamy sausage-laden gravy. It's hard (for me) to imagine a more creative mash-up of some of my favorite foods.The joint offers a wide variety of hot dog, burger, and sausage preparations, which increases in size with the addition of unique one-offs as daily specials.Sausages are made in-house, hot dogs are 100% Carlton Farms pork, and the burgers Silvies Valley Ranch grass fed beef, no hormones or antibiotics.The quality and care in prep shows throughout.I'd been meaning to get to Bird Dog for some time, and had the opportunity when I was in their part of town around lunch time the other day.I wanted to try a variety of things, including the signature dish, a side of chili cheese fries, and, having relocated to Portland from New Orleans, I was intrigued that they had a "muffaletta" dog, a tribute to the signature classic sandwich of New Orleans.As I was already deep into committing to one hot dog with the Bird Dog selection, I asked that they prepare a plain burger patty with the olive tapenade from a muffaletta and a slice of provolone;  they happily agreed to my non-menu request.The Bird Dog is an ample pork hot dog, immersed in a corn-meal and other flour batter, and deep fried, to produce a crispy coating; placed on an oversized, ample bun, with a generous topping of pork sausage gravy, all on its own, it's a very satisfying and filling meal.  The 'tubular nutritional delivery vehicle' is a tasty frank, mild in seasoning, and the sausage gravy is some of the best I've had in Portland, creamy, no hint of a floury taste, with nice chunks of sausage throughout.The burger patty was massive, hovering between 1/3 and 1/2 pound, I would imagine, obviously hand-formed, and the olive salad I asked for, spot on reminiscent of the New Orleans recipe.  A bakery-soft, but sturdy, toasted bun cradled the patty.My side of chili cheese fries was notable, also one of my clear favorites in Portland.  A "hot dog" style chili, very meaty, good flavor, no beans, burying a mound of crispy shoe strings.Dining in, you have access to a wide selection of toppings you can add yourself, from a pickled vegetable bar to a host of mustards and sauces.   Bird Dog's website says all of the side dishes are made in house, and I imagine the toppings are as well.This is a place, that if it was closer to my work, I'd hit all to frequently.  I'd like to try a number of their house made sausages, and might opt for the sausage sampler plate in the future.Or a chicken fried burger?  Mac n Cheese dog?  Cuban?   They also offer their take on the Sonoran Dog, a regional favorite from the Southwest.Too many choices of too many good things.Perfect for Burgerdogboy, and you.Bird Dog is snuggled  amidst a couple of long time hot dog competitors on East Hawthorne,  so now you have a choice of the old timey guys that wrest on their laurels and rep, or some bright, innovative, quality cuisine that dazzles.I say the choice is obvious.
<review# 2596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,8/28/2012,164,111,8,8,7>Best chicken burrito in Portland!Let me repeat: El primero burro pollo del Portlandio!!!Mucho gusto!To preface, I am an El Sultan man (Mexican food cart on Foster).  El Sultan's breakfast burrito will always have a special place in my heart.  But the chicken burrito gold medal goes to Lindo Michoacan.  To begin with, the burrito is HUGE!  I'm not a quantity over quality guy, but I certainly won't complain over quantity AND quality.  When I first ordered my burrito, I asked if it came with tortilla chips and the woman taking my order seemed confused.  She forwarded my question en espanol to the other women in the cart and the only part I understood was "loco."  Their answer was "no," the burrito does not come with chips.  I would soon understand why.The answer was "because you are about to receive the biggest damn burrito you have ever seen."  The thing was bigger than both of my fists put together.  Awesome.But that wasn't the best part.  The best part was how it tasted.  I have spent many years living in Phoenix and living in Los Angeles, so I have sampled my share of Mexican cuisine.  This was the best damn chicken burrito I have ever tasted.  After I was finished, I told the women working there as much.  I can't wait to go back.Burritos cost $4.50 and you can get it "supremo" which I think just means lettuce, tomato and sour cream for $0.50 more, so I highly recommend getting it supremo.  If this isn't the best chicken burrito you have ever tasted, PLEASE let me know where I can find better and I will be there.
<review# 2597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,6/30/2014,8,67,3,10,8>We stopped here after not wanting to wait in line at Savoy.  It was a smart choice by my wife; we had thought about seeing some music and we were able to do dinner and see live music all at the same time.The menu seems pretty simple, lots of salads and soups.  We started with a caprese and then I moved on to a Black forest Ham and Provolone sandwich.  My wife had a savory crepe, but even after looking at the menu I can't remember the name.  The food was solid as were the drinks.  We each had a cocktail and then I had a glass of the house red, which I think was under $6.  Apparently I need to pay better attention if I'm going to write a thorough review!The server was also the bartender and she was hustling around.  We must have gotten there around 7:30 and it was fairly dead.  But the first musician came on after a bit and the place filled up quickly.  Between the music and the crowd it ended up going from quiet to loud in a matter of 30 minutes.The Press Club is a nice, somewhat off the radar joint for an evening out without having to wander all over town for entertainment.  You won't see big name singers and you won't have cutting edge food, but you'll still be satisfied when you leave.
<review# 2598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,6/29/2014,97,167,8,11,7>I want to hide this review so it stays a SE Portland secret, but then I also want to tell the masses what a great terra firma this place is.  From 12th street, you wont see much other than some apartment buildings and a business or two, and even after walking in you'll think "Ok, it's just a counter bar with a few seats." Yee have little faith, because once you walk up the stairs that seem to lead to nowhere your world will be rocked by a fantastic upstairs dining area and bar overlooking the quiet street scene.  If you walk further, you will find a rad patio complete with a communal gas fire pit, about 8 communal picnic tables, a separate patio bar that comes with a rad bartender that wears super short plaid knickers, a knee brace, motorcycle boots, and entirely too much hair product...but he's killin' it!  Great service on the patio!The patio also has plenty of shade provided by an oak tree and a huge douglas fir that tower over the nicely manicured area.  Feel free to bring your kids and dogs too, everyone else is doing it!As far as the food, I tried the fried plantains drizzled in sauce and I think Cotija cheese, but whatever was on those things, BOMB DIZZITY BOMB!!!  Sooooo good!  Everything about this place was spot on, and I'll be telling my friends about it, and my grandma, and my cousins, and.......
<review# 2599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/28/2014,111,385,11,17,11>When I take friends and family to Mt. Tabor, it's always because of location. We've decided that Mt. Hood and Forest Park and Multnomah Falls are all too far away or will take too much time but we still want to do something nature-ish. Mt. Tabor is perfect in that it is undeniably nature-ish AND is smack in the middle of SE Portland.Some things you can do here:-See Mt. Hood-See Downtown Portland-Take your kids to the park-Take someone else's kids to the park-Walk your dog-Get really confused about what a volcanic cinder cone is-Tell your friends everything you just learned about cinder cones from the Wikipedia page-Run up hills, run down hillsIf you're expecting a mountain, you'll be disappointed. But if you're expecting convenient nature, then you've found it. At the end of the day, I'm a fan.
<review# 2600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/27/2014,349,547,5,15,11>Food Fight is most definitely a Portland institution, or at least a vegan one. It's a mini-grocery store, and everything is vegan. I love Food Fight, but it's not a regular stop for me. I always have to remind myself I can buy and eat absolutely anything--no checking labels, no sad longing. It rules.A lot of things tend to cost a bit more here than they do elsewhere in town. I'd never do all my shopping here, but it's a great spot to pick up some rarer vegan finds. Recently, I picked up the Vegg egg powder. They've got a better price than Whole Foods on bulk soy curls. I was also beyond delighted to finally get my hands on some Whole Soy yogurt, which is now back in production! Yessss!The staff here can be a little intimidatingly cool, but mostly they're friendly and helpful. An afternoon at Sweetpea with a chocolate chip cookie, a cup of coffee and a book, followed by a little shopping at Food Fight is pretty much the perfect day. All hail the vegan block!
<review# 2601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2014,6/26/2014,87,106,10,10,9>Last Saturday I saw Prince... well, Erotic City - a Prince tribute band - basically the same thing right?  For $5 I got to hear most of my favorite Prince songs performed by a guy in a purple trench-coat and black lace.. Fast forward to Sunday morning... weird-ass dreams thanks to cheap tequila, my legs were a little sore from DANCING, and I am happy to report no bruises from the old man who hit me when he either slipped on the dance floor from someone's spilled drink or maybe he was just really awful at break dancing?  We'll never know.They don't particularly shine for having a great audio system or food or decor, but I like the atmosphere - one side is basically a bowling alley cocktail lounge where old timers can talk about the good old days while getting drunk. On the other side, you can hit the dance floor (while also getting drunk).  There's something for everyone (who likes sitting in dank bars), including easy access to bus line 75 which could take you anywhere from St. Johns to Milwaukie.  I'd like to thank the folks at the Spare Room for providing me with a great night of entertainment, a dive bar with table service, strong drinks, and for just existing.  I need more moments like last weekend.
<review# 2602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,6/25/2014,93,222,2,14,8>What a cozy, friendly, local place.  Finally some good breakfast in Vancouver!After a few days of being snowed in, the boyfriend and I finally decided to venture outside.  We wanted to do a celebratory last breakfast out in Vancouver since we're moving to Portland, and we've wanted to try the breakfast cart inside of Chuck's for some time, so that's where we headed...but when we got there, we found it was closed for a few days due to a catering event. The roads were still crappy so we didn't want to go too far to eat somewhere else and we found Linda's Homeplate on yelp, of course.  Our GPS led us right to it, and even though it's right on the corner of a building with a sign, it's still kind of hard to find because it seems to be such a weird place for a restaurant.Upon walking in, there is immediately a bunch of military paraphernalia on the left, which gets two thumbs up each from us since the boyfriend and I are both servicemembers.  The rest of the restaurant is covered with Seahawks and Mariners gear.  We sat ourselves, and our server came over promptly.  We both ordered coffees to start and took our time looking at the menu, which was all very basic stuff.  We finished our first cups of coffee, and when the server came back to take our orders, he noticed that the boyfriend's empty cup had a ton of grounds in the bottom.  He immediately took it and brought back a clean mug without us having to ask.  The boyfriend then ordered the veggie omelet, along with their donuts for us to share, and I went with the hash.  I didn't even see the donuts on the menu so I wasn't sure what to expect...but they came out piping hot and obviously freshly homemade, with both chocolate and vanilla frosting on the side (we asked for both).  They were delightful just on their own, with no frosting at all. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time, and both dishes were good - nothing to rave about and nothing to complain about.  The donuts were definitely the highlight of the meal.  Overall, it was a very pleasant experience.  Our coffee mugs were never empty, the prices are great, the service is excellent, and the ambiance is what you would expect out of a dive-y, local place.  Probably the best breakfast there is to be had in this city.
<review# 2603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,6/24/2014,86,292,3,9,5>We have greatly needed a place like this out here in Wine Country, a place you can hang out at after work, grab a great cocktail and share some small plates. Casual but not elegant, a great place to chill with friends!A few years ago Kyle opened a cart called Uprooted. He had some great fries and sandwiches out of this old silver camper converted food cart. So when we heard he was opening this place, we were super stoked! The long wait is finally over!We hopped over on their grand opening night last Friday and met some friends for a few cocktails and small plates. The place is awesome inside! Old reclaimed wood, copper bar top and lots of metal seats with some wood booths. There is also a large table in the back for larger parties...all this is just in the tavern. The restaurant part is still under construction and we heard they are shooting to open that after the first of the year. The cocktail list is small, but has some really great cocktails. Try the honey badger! A few will knock you on your feet! They also have some small plates/bar food. Their fries done three ways are great! There is also a burger that we will have to try on our next visit. The flatbread was great too, but a little on the small side. Everything was seasoned and cooked just right, no complaints about the food!Our service was pretty good too, especially for being on their first night open. I'm sure they are working out some kinks, but all in all we had a great time, noshed on some great food and drank some seriously great cocktails! It's awesome to have this new edition in my backyard...sometimes you want a great cocktail without the drive into the city. RuddickWood delivers just that! Cheers~
<review# 2604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,6/23/2014,64,180,3,8,5>You gotta have some stuff to be a GREAT coffee place:1.  Great Pastries. They got em!  Fresh daily from La Provence ('cept Sundays).2.  Something different to drink. The Lavender Latte is simple & subtle and so much better than it sounded - I CRAVE them constantly. 3.  Good lunch in a pinch.  On a different visit I had to try the Pastrami Sandwich - tasty meat served on a dense wheat bread with a slice of good pickle.  4.  Can make pretty much any coffee drink properly.  Their salted caramel latte is nothing like sBUX (this one is good) and their baristas DO make real honest to goodness bone dry cap.    5.  Uh, great coffee - STUMPTOWN. 'Nuff said.I haven't gone anywhere else since I found this cool place in Tigard right on Main Street.
<review# 2605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/22/2014,1295,556,6,18,11>I drove all the way from Beaverton just to try this delightful little cart. Thank you David and Cathy! I am an east coast girl and some Portland folks might balk at $14 for a sandwich but it is a split roll filled with real Maine lobster! Heaven in my mouth, sweet lobster heaven. The owners are also some of the nicest people and knew we were coming out specifically to see them for rolls...if they know you are treking from across town, call ahead and they will make sure to hook you up since they do sell out. They are talking about some new offerings as well towards the Spring Summer! I have tried the hot and cold and honestly I love both. I will definitely be finding reasons to drop by this area!
<review# 2606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/21/2014,69,115,3,11,8>Frack Burger is a blossoming business that has expansion set on the horizons. I'm definitely glad I made the drive and gave Frack Burger a shot. Having only two establishments currently open, with a little word-of-mouth and social media marketing, this place will blow up soon.I had the privilege of meeting the owner Jim Frack himself and ate lunch with him. As we shared our backgrounds, I realized quick that Jim is a very intelligent entrepreneurial-minded man, while being a very personable and laid back person to speak with. After hearing about his business background (I'll leave out the specifics), I asked him "why burgers." He told me how he wants to do something that makes him happy, enjoy life, and do something he always wanted to do. He wants to be proud of what he does. This is the passion a food establishment needs to stand out in quality, and with a business background, don't worry. Frack Burger can burger with the best of them. Jim has culinary background in addition to business and crafts a damn good burger. Before I speak of the food,WARNING: Be careful when going in for the onion rings. You will never care for an onion ring from anywhere else again. Be prepared. Now, as for the food itself, it's clear to me that Frack Burger focuses on quality and they do their homework. Frack Burger uses an artisan bun partnered with grass-fed beef with a special meat blend (he told me the blend but said he doesn't tell many people, so I'll leave out the specifics on that as well). The meat was very tender and I noticed it wasn't super greasy. I believe he stated that the patties here are made with an 85/15 percentage blend, allowing for a healthier burger in comparison to most burger establishments, which all of America should appreciate. The burger Jim recommended to me is the Double Frack burger, modeled after the renowned double double from In-N-Out. (Funny as he told me this, a customer was behind us in an In-N-Out t-shirt, who told Jim the burgers are great here and he's a frequent customer. Wa-lah.)Since Frack Burger recently brought out a line of specialty burgers on the menu which are not yet listed on the website, I had to go with one of these. I was excited but overwhelmed as it was hard to choose which one of these burgers, engineered by a chef he hired, to order. I ended up going with the Bareback Frack (photograph posted). He brought out a side of fries for me as well, which are made from the same potatoes In-N-Out uses, but cooked to a crispier texture. The Bareback Frack was amazing. Aside from the meat being of quality, tender, thick, and not super greasy, the onion rings really sold it to me. They were thick, perfectly crisp and fried, and did not have any cracks leaving for the batter to just flake off like I often experience. The onion rings were very crisp, and weren't flakey. They do these rings special. There was also barbecue sauce and bacon on this burger, and the bacon was great as well. It was thick-cut chopped bacon, opposed to thinly sliced strips like what I receive from most places. Jim told me he needs to make that bacon thinner. I disagreed, and told him I liked the bacon. It's good to do things differently than other places if it tastes great, and it worked for me.He definitely made a customer out of me and I'll definitely be back to try the recommended Double Frack, with a peanut butter Oreo shake, and a side of onion rings. I already know what I want.  Oh, and one of my favorite parts during my meal with Jim was when these two adorable young girls walked by with their parents on their way out, thanking "Mr. Frack" for the meal and telling him it was great. That sure was humbling and thats what I love to see.Frack Burger deserves more than just a Groupon shot. You eat here and you'll have a wonderful Fracking meal.
<review# 2607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,3/26/2012,76,55,7,8,8>After finishing up a stellar meal, I immediately ordered Fernet to polish off my experience. And that's when the bf pointed out that I loved this dinner -- I only order Fernet after I've knocked back some excellent nosh.We had reservations to this wonderland of pretty people, winning whiskey cocktails and the most inventive, tasty food I've had in months.Started with a half dozen oysters, which beckoned from the raw bar that you see when you walk in. Horseradish. Nice touch.Followed with the ham plate, which reminded me of Spanish hams that we used to sneak into the dorm with red wine and go nuts on in college.Then, the smoked lentil and leek salad served over a blood orange and some other citrus slice. W.O.W. (Not world of warcraft... just wow). I would never think to pair lentils with citrus, but damn, Gina, did it work!Finally, we split the trout in crazy water, and I had to talk the bf out of eating the damn tail. We sure enough took the head out, eyes and all. ORDER IT. Dessert was decent... the portions aren't huge, so for once we had room for it. His maple pot de creme with shortbread outshone my chocolate bread pudding with espresso sauce.Drinks were stellar. Like, no shitty sweet pink stuff here. We're talking rye, whiskey and campari in a glass. Totally drunkenly in league with Clyde Common, Wafu, and  Beaker and Flask.Service was attentive and friendly. Stay away if you're intimidated by hipsters, but though they had (cough, omfg) more than one neck tattoo, they were awesome.The trout and the cocktails are enough to make me want to come back once a week, paycheck and waistline be damned.
<review# 2608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,3/25/2012,36,146,13,15,12>I've actually needed to review Jenna's for well over a year.  Maybe longer.  So, I've always had extremely bushy and unibrowy eyebrows.  My wife convinced me that I really didn't have to live that way.  She saw Jenna on one of the news stations and said we had to go try it out because Jenna has some technique that leaves your face looking refreshed instead of red, blotchy, and plucked after the process.When we went the first time, and I realized that two eyebrows really are better than one, it was inevitable that we would return...  We've gone to see Jenna many times over the past few years and been extremely happy with the results.  We always leave Jenna's to go hang out with friends or attend parties without fear of looking plucked.  You can, too.
<review# 2609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,3/24/2012,645,1150,9,14,10>Not sure how we found ourselves way out in everybody's favorite neighborhood, Rockwood.  Well, it's because, oh never mind....JP had eaten lunch here before, but this was my first time.   It turns out that the food here is very decent.   Yes, the wooden tiled floor was scuffed and it was cold when we first arrived, but after JP remarked on the chill, the gal working there turned on a nearby portable heater, and it quickly became toasty.I was starving, so in addition to the chicken oyakodon I ordered, I requested gyoza, heated endamame and panko oysters.  JP ordered tempura and Artemio went with a ribeye steak "bento box".  As complimentary sides, we got miso soup and salad.  The salad dressing (with the same hue as 1000 island dressing) was delicious.  Also stellar was Artemio's ribeye.  So tender and flavorful, you would think you were feasting at Ringside Steakhouse!  Actually, I'll go further and say this was the best steak I've ever had at a Japanese restaurant.The gyoza (I loved its crunchiness)  was better than your average gyoza and the panko oysters were perfection.   Nice dipping sauces.  When JP remarked how much he liked the hot tea, our server indicated that it was a brown rice/green tea.  Its flavor might remind you of shredded wheat biscuit.I liked my oyakodon (ordered from the lunch menu).   The chicken (having almost a bulgolgi cut), with egg and onions, rested atop rice in a bowl.   The dish was seasoned excellently.If for whatever cockamamie reason I was out here in Rockwood again at lunch or dinnertime, I would without hesitation return to Meeka.  Good eats!
<review# 2610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/23/2012,457,356,9,11,11>Like many of the 249 other reviews (at this writing) I found about this place from the King of Pig Out Joints, Adam Richman, on Man vs Food.  Mr. Richman has, in my opinion the single greatest job in all of the known Universe.  All we can do is sit back and learn from him.  I have a Doctor up near 25th and Lovejoy and when I go see her I have to be fasting for 12 hours, so I schedule my appoints super early so I can run down the block and grab some bagels at Kettleman's however recent I found out that those greedy scum sucking pigs sold out to Einstein Brothers, the people that bring you mind-numbingly average bagels at Noahs.  As I adjust to a world without Kettleman's I started looking for other options in the area to break my fast with.  Didn't take but a minute on my DroidX with my Yelp App to figure out where to steer the mighty Yelpmobile.  The Stepping Stone.I had prepared myself for how small it looked on TV and from occasion drive by's but man, this place is small.  It was so small I had to walk outside to change my mind about what to drink! (rimshot)  I walked in and there were seats open, bonus of visiting on a weekday morning I guess.  The server that seated me seemed like a typical Portland disassociated Hipster living the dream of ignoring people in a northwest Portland eating establishment, but he actually warmed up to me and was very quick about his service.  Can't always judge a book its cover.If you are even a casual follower of my reviews you know about my obsessive, unhealthy love affair with biscuits & gravy.  Now to you that may sound like a bad thing but I assure you, to me it's not.  A good biscuits & gravy is as good as the finest things in life, only more filling.  It did not feel like that long before this large plate came out covered in white gravy.  How do they make their gravy so white?  Doesn't matter, it tasted great, and the biscuit was a light masterpiece.  Dare I say that possibly this is a better biscuit & gravy than Pine State?  It will take years of comparisons but I'll keep you posted on my findings.  If I have to return here 100 times to finally figure it out that is what I will do for you, Dear reader, because I am a giver.  That's just how I roll.
<review# 2611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2011,3/22/2012,104,97,5,13,10>This place gets 4 stars just for having whole smoked Whitefish.I've asked several fish suppliers in Portland for Whitefish, and I always get the same answer....... what kind of white fish? IT'S A TYPE OF FISH, NOT THE COLOR. (yes I know it has white flesh)It comes from the waters of the Great Lakes, and Alaska.I came here on a tip from a friend,I am now in smoke fish heaven. Brunch is not the same without it.
<review# 2612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,3/21/2012,222,561,12,12,12>How about a little bit of TMI for you all this lovely evening.A few years ago, I started thinking that maybe I had a dairy sensitivity.Fast-forward to about two months ago, when I completely cut myself off dairy and then reintroduced it in the form of ice cream. Sick, immediately. Twice. Then I made the connection.I am--I say with tears in my eyes--lactose intolerant.Has this stopped me from going to Salt & Straw? Um. Not really.But granted, at the moment, I forgot I wasn't supposed to eat it (until, of course, it was too late). Was it worth it? Well, you be the judge:First of all, the place is freaking adorable, and nice and warm, making ice cream not only appetizing but also super desirable even in the cold of winter.Their list of flavors is absolutely nuts, and the workers there are so sweet they will let you try a spoonful of pretty much any flavor you want. How many did I try? Well...I'm not sure...but it was a lot.Some standouts included:+ Pear and Blue Cheese. Yup, it was strange, but very tasty.+ Strawberry with Honey Balsamic and Black Pepper. This flavor actually inspired a flavor of my rendition of grown-up fruit roll-ups I made a few months back. It's super delicious, smooth, and just very complex.+ Can't remember the name, but it definitely had Hot Monkey in it, which gave a nice kick to the end. Fabulous!+ Salted Caramel. You can't go wrong.But in the end, what won me over for a waffle-cone sized serving was a mixture of the toffee with salted ganache (perfect) and the duck fat caramel (beyond heavenly). Yes, I said it. Duck. Fat. Caramel. It was creamy and delicious and not overtly caramelly, which I appreciated.Salt & Straw was definitely worth the out-of-my-way drive, and was so good that I would consider ordering it online when I return to New York in a few weeks. Good. Lord. Just keep on doing what you're doing, and I'll keep on loving you.Oh, and yes, it was worth it.
<review# 2613,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2011,3/20/2012,457,244,24,18,12>While I certainly had a long and enjoyable run, I honestly don't miss my single days.  It wasn't like I was Brett Favre and just couldn't stay away from the game...retiring the "I'm single and ready for whatever" uniform wasn't that hard of a task.  Plus I've never texted picture of my junk to anyone.  At least knowingly.And sadly, none of my previous flings ever had a ceremony to retire my phone number or hang my undies from the rafters.I guess when I think specifically about being single, what I really don't miss are the days of actively dating.  Not that I didn't have the opportunity to meet and get to know some very beautiful and smart women, and sure casual sex with random women is great, but dating was always like a box of chocolates for me...you never know what type of crazy ass bipolar bitch you might get.I guess this is sort of a strange intro for a bar review, but my recent search for a decent place to grab a pint somewhat close to home has me thinking about those days of searching for that special someone.  I guess my love for beer is close to equal to my love for women.  Luckily I've found that perfect Tall Leggy Blonde...now I just need a good local pub.The problem is one of the big drawbacks of living in the palatial Lister estate in Milwaukie is that there are no decent bars or lounges close by.  At least nothing I'd like to be a regular at, or isn't there just for video poker.  So I think it would be extremely fair to say that I'm currently in the market for a bar to be my main squeeze for late night pint calls...and that my recent dating experience with potential suitors has been less than encouraging.Which is why I turned to my online bar dating service:  Yelp.In that same vein of "bars being like girls I'm interested in getting to know" reasoning, you could say that I recently went out on a first date with The Brew.  From the outside there was a definite physical attraction (nice neon beer sign, baby)  and when I managed to sneak a peek through the windows I liked what I saw.  Her taps were bountiful.  I definitely saw potential there.Problem is once I got in inside, well that's where things went south. Let's just say that it just didn't smell right.  The odor was definitely not right. This might be another reason I'm happy to no longer be dating.The other thing that kind of turned me off on that first date was the bar's intimate apparel.  It looked like a mentally challenged child born from a drunken hook up between the inside of a Victoria's Secret store and Spencer's.  Apparently they were having a heaven and hell party later that evening, but to me it looked like somebody had the bright idea to celebrate Halloween on Valentine's Day.Yet despite this less than stellar first date, I'm a little ashamed to say I went back again.  What can I say, I'm desperate.  I tried to focus on the good and forget the bad.  I figured I'd give her one more try.Guess what?  Still smelled funny.  I guess I'm back on the prowl.But I will say this, they've got nice tots.
<review# 2614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2011,3/19/2012,59,136,3,10,9>I triple dog dare you to find something wrong with this movie theater. Try it! You just can't.Well, what's the one  thing people always complain about when it comes to movies? Duh, prices. Not a problem here. Just this past week I saw Drive, a movie that's been out for less than a week, for $4. Four American dollars! Less than half of what it'd be at a Regal or a Century. You can't find a better deal. And you can't find a happier Megan after she gets to ogle Ryan Gosling for an hour and a half for chump change.And you can't complain about the movie selection, either. I know that a lot of the cheap theaters in Portland only play movies that are a couple of months old or definitively classics, but as I mentioned before, I saw a brand spanking new movie in this theater. The other film that was playing was Contagion, of equally Blockbuster-y status (and also equally good).And they've got your food bases covered, too. Standard sodas and candy and popcorn AND MORE! A little hungrier than normal movie food takes care of? They have pizza and beer, too, for those looking to get a meal out of the whole deal, too. They also have a water cooler that I was able to fill up my water bottle at, and this blew my mind. Any other big theater really screws you on the water department. If you wanna stay hydrated during your film of choice, your options are usually limited. You can either smuggle a water bottle in, ask for a tiny Dixie cup of it, or pay out the ass for bottled Dasani crap. But here, I openly and freely TOOK their water in a LARGE container that I BROUGHT IN! Mind blown.Ample street parking, and smack dab in the heart of St. John's, which is very conducive for pre- or post- walk taking and window shopping. There's not a damn thing wrong with this lovely local theater. Next time a movie comes out that you have to see, skip the big name theaters and skip the two month wait for it to hit a cheap theater- AND JUST COME HERE! It's a movie-going experience that can't be beat.
<review# 2615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,3/18/2012,95,86,8,7,8>I've been going to this little vegan cart for a while now, and I've gotta tell you, this place makes me feel like the scary story that vegan meals tell to each other around the campfire. I'm usually a "take your time, savor the experience" kinda diner but Homegrown Smoker BBQ? Turns me into a ravenous vegan beast.Their lovingly crafted Issasammich which is gently assembled with tender care, tempeh, grilled onions, portobello mushrooms, peppers and chipotle aioli?Was consumed in seconds like an innocent lamb that had wandered into the wild of the Serengeti. In true BBQ form, the tempeh can get a little messy, and I'm certainly not going to win a neatness award from Miss Manners after devouring this bad boy, but that's OK. Miss Manners can keep her award and I'll just have to take solace in the host of deliciousness that this sandwich is. Plus it's messy enough that you can chase down any stray onions and peppers that may have fallen by the wayside and integrate them into their.....Mac no Cheese:The Mac in this dish is good, good, macaroni. Just thick and robust enough to hold its own against the sauce. but not too chewy. Honestly? Before this I was convinced that vegan cheese solely existed as a torture instrument to feed our enemies. However, their Mac No Cheese Is so bloody good that it's been known to sow discord between me and the beloved GF. I ordered their greens as a side the first time I went and laughed when the GF ordered this. Their greens are really good, and they've got a ton of other sides that look promising, but after the GF persuaded me to try a bite? *sigh* My heart belongs to you Mac no Cheese!!Highly suggested for anyone who enjoys good BBQ, yummy sides, or just feels like inspiring a level of terror into the vegetable kingdom that hasn't been seen since Wallace & Gromit: Curse of the Were-rabbit.
<review# 2616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,3/17/2012,161,578,6,6,4>So, I can't imagine how I've never reviewed this place before.  I mean, I discovered it a few years back when I bought a friend dinner for helping me with a failed home repair (yes, I hired it done and the contractor left midway through the project).  At that time about four years ago, they had a coupon in the Entertainment book so it was a great deal.  They also had a deal with various credit card companies to give you extra points for using your card in there.  They no longer do either of those and they don't really need to as they have a steady clientele that keeps this place busy.The last time I was there was this spring (there are so many places to try out here in Portland, folks) it was right after I got completely blindsided (in a good way) by a marriage proposal and so I, of course, said yes and left the meal attempt I was working on to go to Corbett Fish House with my new fiance as the power of speech and ability to put together dinner were gone.  :)When we went it it was completely jammed and they said we could wait for a table or sit it the back at a table with bar stools.  I normally don't like the whole bar stool thing but believe me I just wanted a place to sit down and contemplate the whole marriage and life changing events.  We had a good time picking up some fish and chips and I completely love their jalapeno tarter sauce.  I realize tarter sauce is just another word for mayonnaise but it is some tasty stuff.  I could go on about the light batter they put on their fish and chips but you really have to try it and then when you do you will never want another fish and chip basket anywhere else.My fiance, (still getting used to using that word), likes to get the combo platter of many different different types of fish with chips.  They have the tugboat with walleye, cod, oysters and catfish.   He says he likes the variety (hmm, hope it's just with the fish) heehee.  I like some of their "Bait" which is a fun word for appetizers.  A good place to obtain sweet potato fries always a fan favorite with me.Next on my list to try is their salmon dinner, which looks great in the menu listing but I love the fish and chips so much that's always my go to place.So, the next time something befuddles you in a bad or perhaps very good way go to your new Go To Place, which is the Corbett Street Fish House.I wonder what will be happening the next time I go back.
<review# 2617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,8/20/2011,301,344,5,12,10>It was very hard for me to decide what my 200th review would be. I decided it would be a place where I would frequent quite a bit so I can cover quite a bit of what others may not have said. Time and time again, it seems when I'm"m in the Hawthorne neighborhood - one of the first choices that pop in my head to drink and eat is the Hoppin Hawthorne Hophouse. A couple of my friends have been visiting here so finally I decided to check to this place out just before attending a Paul Mooney event at the Helium. I was certainly impressed with the a great variety of beers to choose from; especially since the feature mainly local beers on tap. The food menu has something for everyone too whether your a carnivore or vegetarian. They have a couple of specials that rotate on a daily basis such as main entrees and mac/cheese. I decided to get the mac/cheese special that included asparagus and chicken. It arrived just after I savored half of my creamy micro. The cheese sauce is creamy and flavorful while the asparagus was crisp. Chicken was plentiful and certainly did not skimp out on the portions. The toasted ciabatta bread is very generous with the huge servings on the side - delicious nonetheless. My next visit I had the oregonzola burger and it definitely had a lot of flavor with every bite. The burger was firm and did not make mess every time I took a bite. The fries are crisp with just the right amount of salt. I savored the watermelon wheat from 21st amendment which I helped tap out so they can make room for the Oregon beers for July Beer month. The happy hour is pretty generous with their portions and it filled me up with $4 per item. The chicken sandwich and the chicken satay certainly filled me up with a sweet paring of Cherry Cider. The poutine with cheddar curds and gravy can easily be shared with a group. The fries were not soggy even after sampling it a while. All day happy hour on Sunday plus 3-6 and 9 to close on other days certainly make me a happy camper. On a side note - the $1 off pints of beer pertain only to Portland beers - rest are regular price. Every visit I have been here, the service has been prompt and friendly. Split checks have been hassle free and drinks arrive when I need them. I like that the menu changes and there is always something new to try. I also like to come on days when no live band is playing so I can socialize and enjoy the calm serenity ambiance. The outdoor seating is great but they do close it at night for good neighbor ordinance. My next visit will hopefully to try their sampler beer deal on Monday nights!
<review# 2618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,8/19/2011,104,175,9,10,8>Apparently all I do anymore is get needles shoved into my body. I do this all so that I can bring you, the darling Yelp community, a comprehensive list of places in which to express, alter, modify, enhance, or otherwise decorate yourself. The most noticeable thing about this place is the selection of jewelry. Next to Straight to the Point (yelp.com/biz/straight-to) this place has the best assortment of some of the most beautiful jewelry I've seen in a long time. I have no idea about the prices (years and years of gawking have taught me not to look unless I'm armed with - uh oh - post-holiday money). I went in to get both nostrils pierced (at the same session) as my two-piercing cool-down from the two tattoos I'd gotten earlier that day at Skeleton Key (yelp.com/biz/skeleton-ke) and was quickly walked through the paperwork and given a price estimate (they're cash only). Seth was my piercer and, aside from earning an A+ in beardyness (really, the beard is TOPS), he was incredibly informative, friendly, calming, patient, and spot-on with his markings for piercings. This makes me extra grateful as my face doesn't need the extra hurdle of having uneven, improperly aligned nostril studs.Overall, a great experience. I rarely get pierced anymore, but I've been lucky to have work done by two very talented artists who made the process quick, painless, and as fun as getting needles shoved your flesh can ever be.
<review# 2619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2011,8/18/2011,109,677,25,26,24>I think it's pretty fair to say that over the last couple of years, while I've been tempted, I've very rarely blamed Amado L for anything.  But I now hold him responsible for the extra hour a week at the gym this damned cart is going to make me sign up for.  Ever since he posted his OMFG review of the Spicy Thai sandwich recently, I've had a mad hankering to go.  PBJ was a sandwich once reserved for the "only at home" list.  I mean, really... would I really drive across town and spend 30 minutes looking for parking in NW for this shiz?  Apparently, the answer is yes.  Twenty minutes into Search for Parking Within Ten Blocks mission, I was about to give up.  There is no way this sammy is going to be worth it, I thought.  THIS is why I never come near 23rd, I thought, as I made questionable turns, violated traffic regulations, and navigated through throngs of bridge-and-tunnel folks visiting "the city" on a Saturday afternoon.  I rammed into the car in front of and behind me parallel parking several blocks away, while I was still unclear as to where this cart was actually located.  It's right next to the Pop Up vintage shop, turns out.  Order your sandwich, buy an old macrame planter while you wait.  While the menu has many fine and unusual incarnations of PBJs, I needed no time to peruse as I was after one thing only, the Spicy Thai.  People:  it was worth the fuss.  The challah bread holds together a magical combo of sweet/spicy fillings (including orange marmalade and basil!), perfectly griddled.  There are other bread options available.  Who thought of putting hot sauce on a PBJ?!  Someone who deserves the Nobel prize for snacks, that's who.  Thanks and no thanks, Amado.  Not only did you get me on the fast track to wasting gas driving around looking for a spot AND 400 extra lunges a week, but you've basically created a PBJ monster.  I swear, every time I'm at the grocery store I talk myself out of buying the dang stuff because it's not on my diet plan, but holy hell that may be the most delicious of any pulverized nut concoction I've ever encountered.  Other tempting selections include the Hot Hood (with black cherry jam, jalapenos) and the Oregonian (marionberry, Rogue blue!), but the Spicy Thai might be my new, regular indulgence.
<review# 2620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2011,8/17/2011,53,263,12,15,10>Whenever I walk into this adorable restaurant-in-a-pocket little chirpy voices start trilling, "It's a small world after all."  Not because it's a tiny microcosm of traditional Northern Thai cuisine, altho their special menu rivals any of the homestyle food we gorged on in our 6 week stay in Chiang Mai (Whoever came up with giving out academic credit for cavorting around in a tropical paradise let me just say, "I lurrrve you!" [smooch!]).  Nope, that peppy little ditty is bouncing in my brainpan cuz the adorable proprietress went to school at Chiang Mai University where we got our delicious, I mean valuable, postgraduate vacation, erm training.My only two complaints are that their version of pla rad prik (pla sam rod aka SP6) still doesn't bring me back to the school of 3 Flavor Fish I snarfled along the Ping river, just call me Jaws [chomp] but it still deserves a try for you savory-sweet fans out there who like flaky fried halibut topped with pineapple, red bell peppers & cucumbers with enough to share for 2 for $16.  Not a fan of bell peppers?  One quick word & they'll leave whatever you're afraid of out of the dish, no woobie required.  Whine #2 involves my looking for chicken wrapped in pandan leaves (gai haw bai toey) in all the wrong places [sob].  Otherwise, while the Thai mainstays (flavorful curries, slurpalicious noodles, som tam/green papaya salad...) are well executed the special menu is what truly sets this Siamese gem apart.  You ginger lovers out there, you know who you are, should check out the Gang Hang Lay (SP10 on the special menu): tender chunks of pork in a zesty ginger-based curry with peanuts & tangy pineapple chunks.  Tropical paradise on a plate for $11.  Altho it's traditionally served with sticky rice I'm a glutton & get it with steamed rice so I can slurp up all the delectable sauce!  Sentimental tears will pour from your eyes as you reminisce fondly of your nights scarfing street food at the night market after ordering the gai yang special (SP1): succulent roasted half chicken with a crispy skin served with a piquant bowl of som tam to replete any fish sauce-based deficiencies that may ail you & yours (hey, the pooch starts getting twitchy if he doesn't get his weekly infusion of fish sauce.  seriously.).  Def worth the $13 George Washingtons.  You savory-sweet soup lovers out there should check out the Pork Pa Low (SP7): braised pork in a savory-sweet broth with tofu, shiitakes & a hard boiled egg for $11.  Another sluraplicious example of why it's a small world [chirp!].  If you're wondering why the regular menu items are ~$2 more expensive than other Thai restaurants around town, I suspect that's due to the fact that all of their ingredients are shipped in from Thailand.  Not especially eco but delectably authentic cuz yes, pandan leaves in water gives it a creamy nutty twist that even the killer muppet can't stop slurping.So start chirping a capella, leave your passport at home (cuz apparently TSA is a retraining program for the sex offender database youtube.com/watch?v=QZM4), & trundle down the Hawth for the best Thai food in PDX.  Did mention that they finally perfected their coconut pudding baked in kabocha squash dessert?  Now why would I do that when I want it all to myself??  [chomp!  slurp.  brap.]
<review# 2621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,8/16/2011,637,638,12,15,12>I thought it fitting that for my 500th review, and my first review of the New Year I go with something very close to my heart. Burritos! ....It was either that or Club Sesso, but I'm saving that "gem" for 1000. La Bonita has quickly become my favorite burrito in the city. Bold statement, Yes, but one I stand by. The first time I came I ordered a BRC + Guac, and I really haven't looked back. Luckily dining partners have been more adventurous and I have managed to steal bites of various other menu options. Honorable mention to the fish taco. Lets talk about the burrito for a second shall we. Really, It's just a burrito, plain and simple. But that's what makes it so great. I really don't think burritos needs bells and whistles. It's simple, but done right. It doesn't fall apart, the ingredients are good, and the salsa is on point. Also and best of all, it's cheap! In other good news, La Bonita staff is always friendly and fast. Yup, That's it.
<review# 2622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,8/15/2011,949,916,6,14,13>I decided to have my anniversary dinner with my boyfriend at Le Pigeon the other night and had an excellent experience from start to finish.I've heard about the restaurant being pretty cozy and small and it literally was! I bet the place can sit about 25 people max in the dining area (including at the Chef's Counter). Reservations are HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! This is because there's only a few seats available. I made my reservations a week in advance and it was already full for a Saturday night. I'd probably do it two weeks prior if I knew I wanted to eat here. I made a request on my reservation to sit at the Chef's Counter because you get to see the chefs in action while they prepare your entrees.  Although the Chef's counter is pretty much a first come first serve basis (they don't usually reserve this area), Le Pigeon was able to accommodate that request for our anniversary. It's even more special because my boyfriend is a chef and was in awe to see other chefs in action as well.  Parking was on the street by the nearby neighborhood and wasn't too bad because I didn't have to pay a meter. (Yay!)Like what other yelpers have mentioned while they sat on the Chef's counter, they were served by the chefs themselves when their entrees were finished. And that was the case when we went to celebrate our anniversary as well. Gabriel Rucker has earned his James Beard Rising Star Chef Award and you can see his award hanging on the wall of Le Pigeon. MEAL:Appetizer - FOIE GRASImpeccable flavors period! They cook the foie gras with butter and give it an extra grill to get a bit of crispiness. This was complimented with a lovely savory sauce, mushrooms, and seafood item that kinda looked like gnocchi.My meal - HANGER STEAKI had the honor to try this dish since they change their menu weekly. My boyfriend and I thought this dish was better than his.  The steak was cooked medium rare and to my surprise it came in as medium rare (usually other restaurants would cook it a bit longer and you wouldn't get it as what you'd order it to be). This was a perk because it was delicious in its savory sauce. This was complimented with three pieces of fried seafood and broccolini salad which was excellent on its own.  The dish looked so simple, but it packed FLAVORS that can last a mile away, leaving your taste buds to yearn for more.  I would order this again if it appears on the menu again.His meal - BEEF BOURGUIGNONThe restaurant is notorious of their beef bourguignon and it was cooked excellently. You can totally taste the wine that they braised the beef with. A classic to a culinary world, they did this dish with justice. I was able to have a taste of my boyfriend's dish and loved every savory bit of it. This was cooked with the traditional veggies in the dish.If our empty plates didn't convince you, I don't know what would. We were so stuffed from our meal and complimentary bread & butter, we were unable to make room for dessert. Next time! (because there's always a next time!)Overall, wonderful service, great ambiance and exquisite flavors - Gabriel Rucker's earned a star in my book! Le Pigeon did justice to me in its reputation it upholds - simple foods with flavor.
<review# 2623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,8/14/2011,236,543,4,10,7>Portland is a small town. When you operate in certain creative circles, you are sure to run into people you know at the usual hangouts. But sometimes you are working on a plan, idea, startup or brainstorm you don't want overheard by your crowd. You don't even want them to know who you are meeting with, know what I'm saying? This is a place where Julian Assange could meet with Mark Zuckerberg and no one would find out. So if you have a big plan you don't want to get back to your Etsy rivals, the ad agency types or the paparazzi this is the lunch spot to talk.I'm on a quest for African food, including Ethiopian, Somalian, Kenyan, Eritrean and the food of Djibouti - North East Africa. Horn of Africa has a unique take with their lunch buffet; a mix of what I would consider North East African and what I would consider Indian.So this place combines both ideas, a private place to meet with tasty food and it is very inexpensive. The buffet, when I stopped by, had a healthy looking salad of lettuce, tomatoes, kalamata olives and red onions. There was a sauted onion pepper chicken dish, berbere ground beef with peas, collards - not overcooked, a coconut turmeric hominy, potato-carrots, organic navy beans in a yellow sauce and sibling organic lentils in a red sauce and a few other dishes. There was a saffron biryani rice and injira. Indian condiments accompanied including chutneys - not the sweet type - and Indian pickle.Unique was the berbere goat. It has some tomato in addition to the spices, and bones as clearly stated on a note by the dish. I think first time goat for me. It's game-y a little chewy and works well with the spices.I spent some time talking with the family who own and operate the restaurant. We talked about spices. We talked a lot about goats. What they eat, anything, but they relish blackberries. Their love of climbing. I learned, though I thought goats were not too bright, that they respond to their name and know their goat family. Yes they are stubborn. I guess goats have selective intelligence. The owner used to process goats to meat in a previous location, and reports that goat livers are a high demand item. You are not going to get that much goat intelligence elsewhere in Portland. We talked about East African farming and farm animals. I learned that ostrich oil is a great treatment for muscle pain and skin ailments. Wow!I've been for just lunch. All you can eat lunch. Great family restaurant, a variety of food with a few organic dishes, India-related dishes, a few vegetarian/vegan, but not mostly, and some healthier salad options to go with. A bargain and goat too!
<review# 2624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,8/13/2011,123,492,19,18,15>Adorable, inviting cafe space with great wall murals and exceptionally friendly counter staff.  I honestly don't know how the place could be any sweeter, except if maybe they had a clowder of kittens greet you at the front door.I came in for the Kolaches, not entirely sure what they are, but determined to try them ever since Jarrod S. dropped a 5-star on them over a year ago.  Prior to his review, I had never heard of such a thing.  Now, over a year later, I have tried four different varieties, savory and sweet.  Savory is definitely where it's at, but I wouldn't kick a sweet pie out of bed in the morning.The dough is mixture of sweet and fluffy (clearly it was handmade by kittens), and the savory fillings play off the sweet dough beautifully.  My favorite pie so far is the breakfast pie filled with sausage, egg and cheese.  To call this a breakfast sandwich, well, is kind of an insult to the kittens.  The dough just elevates it all to a full-on breakfast experience.Definitely check this place out and enjoy those tasty Kolaches.  Those kitchen kittens work too hard for you not to go pay homage.
<review# 2625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2011,8/12/2011,170,145,9,16,15>This place is awesome.I had been to Over and Out a couple times before coming to The Observatory so I knew what I was getting into when it came to their booze selection. They make some of the most fantastic and clever cocktails around and if I could only drink one thing for the rest of my life, it would probably be their Tom Kha Cocktail or Blood Orange Negroni. While both are very different from one another, they are equally delicious.On our visit last night, we wanted to try the food. Since we were expecting a very large group (16 people) we called in beforehand to warn them about it. They don't take reservations at all, but we had anticipated that letting them know would make their lives a bit easier.Orianne G. and I arrived a bit early and the place was almost completely full, so we got a bit worrisome. The waiter assured us that it would all work out in the end, and boy was he ever right. As people started leaving, he started sectioning off tables for our group and all 16 people were seated at the same table within about 10 minutes. Lucky? Maybe. Impressive? Hell yes!I've been on this quest for the best veggie burger in town, and people were always telling me that I should try the one from The Observatory. With this much hype, it had to be good. It is made from quinoa and mushrooms and while it is a little sweeter than most, I really enjoyed it a lot. Is it the best veggie burger I've ever had? Maybe not, but it's definitely in the top 5.We also split an order of the bread pudding which was also fantastic. I don't really like bread pudding typically because it's often overly sweet and it has raisins (fuck raisins), but this one was just sweet enough, it had a perfectly crispy shell and a soft inside, and there wasn't a god damn raisin in sight! I could seriously drink a glass of the caramel sauce they poured over the top of it.So, I was having a hard time whether I should give this place four or five stars, and I had to give them that 5th star purely for the incredible service that they provide. We had one waitress handling our entire table and she didn't screw up a single thing. She was quick, responsive, incredibly friendly, and the payment process was smoother than most 4 person dinners.Bravo, Observatory, Bravo.
<review# 2626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,8/11/2011,54,114,5,13,8>Spa Willamina is located in a wonderful old house in the middle of Hollywood --- surrounded by concrete and parking lots. Fear not: you will be amazed at  just how relaxing this place is --- before your appointment even begins. The decor and lighting are perfect. The staff is unpretentious and professional. I opted for a deep tissue massage, followed by a foot soak. My massage therapist was attentive and pinpointed the spots I'd pointed out before she began. She was helpful in showing me where to go next (the house has lots of twists and turns upstairs, lots of little rooms, so it's easy to get lost if you're new), and encouraged me to come back without being over-solicitous. My foot soak was the perfect way to wrap up the visit -- a very nice, not overly chatty woman helped me ease my feet into a perfectly hot-but-not-too-hot bowl of water, laden with lavender and rosemary (I got to choose) and then gently scrubbed them. She even offered me a glass of wine and a piece of chocolate. Seriously...I might stop in and ask for just that sometime!I have been to several spas, both in Portland and other cities. I'd come to accept that many spas are simply wired to project a you're-so-fortunate-to-be-here-please-don't-get-­our-towels/massage table/chair-too-grimy,-and-for-god's-sake-don't-­speak-above-a-breathy-whisper air about them, on top of their hard-sell tactics to get you to buy their new line of moisturizers fortified with the tears of endangered tree frogs.Spa Willamina has none of that. The staff preserves a relaxed atmosphere, but they act like real, normal people, and treat you as the same. The spa offers all kinds of services and packages, plus product lines. I so appreciated the variety, but was especially grateful that there wasn't a hard sell for me to sign up for my next appointment right away. For that reason, and the fact that this was one of my most relaxing spa experiences ever, I will be back very soon.
<review# 2627,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2008,2/15/2009,71,113,10,10,10>The word "Vault" to me brings to mind a cavernous, heavily guarded space containing items of high value.  Scrooge McDuck's money bin would be at the top of that list.Imagine my surprise to find that Vault Martini Bar is anything but spacious.  On a visit with two friends, all of the tables and the bar were packed with people, and we ended up standing around waiting forever for our 3 shots we'd ordered.The drinks menu looked interesting, but with how long it took us just to get 3 fricking shots of Grand Marnier pulled for us, we decided to head elsewhere for tasty drinks.That plus the fact that I was the only person in our trio of 27-28 year olds to get singled out for an ID check made my first visit to Vault an uncomfortable experience I'm not eager to retry anytime soon.
<review# 2628,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2009,2/14/2009,81,196,9,12,10>OK, so I don't really do dive bars -- I can admit I'm somewhat fastidious. (I'm also allergic as hell to tobacco smoke, so these are not really my bag, baby.) But the Yelp crew headed here (for mysterious reasons) after the Happy Hour Tour of Bluehour, and I wasn't quite willing to let the evening come to a close, as I was still ensconced in several enjoyable conversations.I needed Benadryl the instant I entered, despite the fact that no one was actively smoking inside (thank you, new legislation). Years of tobacco smoke haze had thoroughly saturated every surface. I felt like Tom Waits inside of 5 minutes.The raspy reek matched the dark and dingy decor. A perfect hangout for clandestine rendezvous (what's the plural of that?) and dirty dealings.And yet, the Jameson's whiskey sours were perfect, every time. I drank too many of them, dangit. I blame Yelp.
<review# 2629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,2/13/2009,60,70,11,11,10>today we spell redemption M-U-C-H-A-S-G-R-A-C-I-A-S.yes, this is the mexican food i know and love. greasy, hot, and wrapped in yellow paper, kinda like my first makeout sesh. surprisingly, the yellow paper fits into the story.anyway, cinco stars for muchas gracias and their nailing down of cheap, good, for-the-people-by-the-people food. no "would you like a tomato-basil tortilla warmed with pretense?" questions. no frills. no bastardization of mexican classics. just a straightforward hole-in-the-wall taco shop. service was friendly and quick, and they made no qualms about my asking for extra salsa. like the goods, there isn't much to say about the place; you just have to take it for what it is and enjoy it.
<review# 2630,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/26/2009,2/12/2009,66,161,11,11,11>On my first look at this place, I was a little nervous. It was a Saturday afternoon and wasn't busy at all PLUS you could hear the music blaring so loud that it could be heard when the door opened. I came here with a friend I hadn't really seen since high school so the music made it a little tough to catch up.Be warned: the menu is a little overwhelming. There is sooo much to choose from for their created pizzas, salads, pastas, sandwiches, etc., etc. so it's tough to pick something. The friend that I came here with was so picky about the pizza toppings so we did the creative choice of making out own. When we recieved our pizza, there were hardly any toppings on it! Basically just a slice of pepperoni for each slice of pizza, about 5 slices of green peppers, and whole black olives for a large pizza. It certainly wasn't worth the amount of money we paid for it. At least I enjoyed the crust.The table they sat us at was awesome. It was close to the back so we could watch the pizzas being cooked. One odd thing though is the cook shouts out the server's name when their order is up. Nothing like hearing names being yelled at random intervals... Plus we had our own t.v. (but no way to control it ourselves) in the booth. Although, they had a workout info-mercial on which really lays the guilt on thick when you're eating greasy pizza and garlic breadsticks.Even though I was disappointed with the pizza...I'll go back just so I can try some of their other food because it looked tasty. Who knows, maybe I'll even go back for their "Bucket." Nothing like 5 different rums in a small bucket...
<review# 2631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2009,2/11/2009,56,95,15,10,11>My experience of Urban Waxx in a nutshell: Inner Monologue: "Oh my, this is going to hurt like hell. I'm so not looking forward to this. Uncomfortable, Pain. No fun."Waxing Lady: "Ok, Ready"-------Shwooop---------Inner Monologue: "err....did she even do anything yet?"Waxing Lady: "All done!"For a seriously painless wax trust these ladies.
<review# 2632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,2/10/2009,53,84,17,17,16>Ok, Who needs a ride to the airport????? Anyone, please!! I need to go to there...I've got a problem in that I will drive anyone, anytime to the airport just so i can get my "black tiger" fix... Damn, when I say it like that, it sounds like I'm some kinda junkie, but I don't care, I miss their coffee that much, so I guess I am hooked. Not only is their coffee good, but it's inexpensive (relatively) compared to most places, 4 shots in a large espresso drink, that's actually called a large, not a "venti", or some other eurotrash word for big, for less than a medium at Sbux...
<review# 2633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,2/9/2009,550,1055,33,22,21>WARNING: This review is not vegetarian friendly...This little piggy is on the menu...This little piggy name was sausage...This little piggy served with "the killer" sauce...This little piggy came with two side dishes...This little piggy came with a yummy cornbread...This little piggy cost me $9.50...This little piggy went into my belly...I will miss the little piggy....Till next time ....
<review# 2634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2008,2/8/2009,80,286,18,15,20>I've never eaten as much as I did on Thanksgiving. But sure enough, when I got up on Friday, the waffle lore of this window sounded in my ear like a waffle siren. As you've heard, the bacon, brie, and basil waffle is killer. Like fall out of your chair psycho killerYogurt and granola waffle. Hazlenut granola. Yall ready for that? That was my feel good about myself option.And the Nutella and banana waffle. Richie Rich came to town for that one, I could barely eat it. I ate it.I love it here. And I like that I can sit inside in the minute checkered table area with my coffee and waffles. And the best part was that one of the Bread and Ink dudes sold the hombre a bialy for a humble buck because he saw I was representing Beaver Nation. Can't get shit for a buck these days.That wasn't my real favorite part. That was the waffles.
<review# 2635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,2/7/2009,222,561,18,22,24>I have so much to say about this place, I really have no idea where to begin. First of all, this will most likely be topping off my Sexy list, because, let's face it, it's pretty damn sexy. The dim lights, the mod fireplace, the lovely tables. Well that, and, you know, they bring on the Latin heat with all the Peruvian food.This place makes you feel like a sexy woman! Or a Sacsayhuaman! Get THAT drink. Really, I'm not being coy. Somehow the habanero-infused vodka combined with passionfruit puree and cilantro is really the absolute perfect mix, and melds incredibly well with their elegant food. The Pisco Sour was also quite good!I tried beef heart! I did! I'm not an adventurous eater, but Andina tugged just so at my Latin-infused heartstrings that I really just couldn't resist. And I tried the chicken, too, but under the pretense that it was chicken heart (and found out later that it was just chicken). The beef heart skewers came with a yuca mash, which was tasty and something quite different, also. I also enjoyed the chicharron de pollo, which was "breaded" in a nice and crisp quinoa, dipped in a green salsa de cacahuate.Later on, one of the owners came out to greet us and thank us for coming. She was absolutely adorable, and reinforced that Andina was a labor of love.Another random thing I'd like to mention is that I really, really liked the Peruvian agricultural reform posters in the bathroom.Also, the HH kicks butt with $5 cocktails and selected skewers for $2.Finally, I know this is probably one of the MOST sporadic reviews I've ever written (which generally happens when I'm so overwhelmed I can't figure out what to say), but this is a place that I will most definitely be forcing my dates to take me to. Not only is it secsay, but it speaks to the anthropologist in me with all of the classic Andean ingredients infused in to every single item.Gregorio and Asunta would be proud. amazon.com/Andean-Lives-
<review# 2636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,2/6/2009,135,161,15,15,14>Well, it's been a little over a week since my "oh my god get me out of here!!!!" move. That is what happens when you move back in with parents after being well out of the house! Well, anyways!I needed to move fast, safely, and inexpensively and Thunder Movers really saved my day. After calling around to compare rates, they had a pretty awesome rate. Point for Thunder Movers. Plus a discount for mentioning I found them on Yelp? Point for Thunder Movers. A fast, efficient, careful moving team who were incredibly helpful, and even helped me keep my mischievous cat from escaping? Point for Thunder Movers!I cannot stress enough how awesome those wardrobe boxes are. They also padded and shrink wrapped all my furniture to prevent damages. And bless them, carried my weighs-a-metric-ton china hutch and dining room table in to storage for safe keeping. I can't say there is anything on this planet I HATE more than moving, but sometimes it has to be done, and done fast. If I ever find myself in need of movers again, Thunder Movers are going to be first on my list.
<review# 2637,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/16/2009,4/30/2010,64,120,29,10,11>Hi mates, this is Greg Irwin!   Today I'm bringing you on a walkabout to seek out one of the most rapidly spawning predators in the Pacific Northwest - the Urban Cougar.  We're going to be seeking out this wily kitty in some of the most prime cougar habitat in all of Vancougar - the Blackstone Grill!Blackstone has a restaurant but our best bet is to find the cougars lurking in the boozer.  Notice that their den has a very contemporary feel but is dimly lit!  If you stand by the entrance and slowly scan side-to-side you can see the eyes of the ravenous predators light up.   See!  There are wild, feisty beasts everywhere in here!Shhh... Let's quietly walk over to the safety of the granite watering hole and order some cougar bait.  A local cougar hunter told me that they like Teardrops.  Hopefully we can get some of them to wander over here so that we can get a better look!Let's take a sip of this Teardop. Crikey!  This Teardrop tastes like sugar water with a hint of lemon.  No self-respecting cougar will drink this!  Bar keep!  Take this back and fetch me a pint!Boy, this bartender suuure has an attitude!  It took him ten minutes to get my coldie and he just slammed it down in front of me without the courtesy of a look!  I'm used to better treatment down under.  Having to dodge hungry cougars all day must have made him wary of human contact!Another bloke told me that these cougars like the smell of fish tacos.  Let's try ordering those along with some nachos and coconut prawns and see what happens!See that cougar circling around?  I think it's working!  That sashaying that she is performing to the sounds of the musician playing acoustic guitar is a common mating ritual.  Look, she is heading right towards us!Crikey!  This cougar sure is yabbering! She looks like she is fixing to have a naughty!  Better move on down the bar and get away from this one before she gets too aggressive!Let's try some of these nachos.  Processed cheese?  This isn't going to work!  Everybody knows that these big kitties want real cheese on their nachos!Bugger!  These fish tacos are going to cut it either - there is hardly any fish in them!The coconut prawns are our last chance to attract us a good specimen.  Nine dollars is a lot of moolah to pay for four coconut prawns though.  Let's hope that it was worth it and attracts us a nice Sheila! Look at that beauty over there!  The coconut prawns seem to be working!  She's one of the most voracious cougars around these parts - the deadly Leopard cougar!  You can tell the Leopard Cougar by the leopard spots covering her bosom and buttocks!  The sequined handbag is also commonly spotted along with the Leopard Cougar.  We had better stay away from that one!Whoo! Whoo!  This is getting to be too much for even me, mate!  I'm getting out of here and probably won't be coming back again!  See you next time!
<review# 2638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,4/29/2010,273,418,29,18,23>If IKEA had a child (I'm assuming via a-sexual reproduction) that decided to break free of the family business and start a breakfast joint, his (a-sexual reproduction would mean he'd be a hermaphrodite, but for the sake of my story he's male) name would be "Broder".Call me what you will, but I seriously love the décor and feel of Broder.  I had my camera with me and couldn't stop snapping pictures...and it's not a very big place.  Everything from the little milk-bottles the coffee cream comes in to the little square plates exudes a unique blend of cute and cool, which I have dubbed: cüöl.I've never been to the "Northern European" countries, but if they're stacked with places like this, I need too.  Breakfast dishes feature lots of ham and eggs, often prepared in funky ways (baked, "soft"-boiled).  Although I'm not a picky eater, ham and non-scrambled eggs are some of the only foods I DON'T like.  So my endorsement of this place should SAY SOMETHING.  This morning I got the "special scramble".   This consisted of: sundried tomatoes, aged Gouda cheese, and herbs. It was served with nut toast (with LINGON berry* jam) and a choice of side (I got a potato pancake, which combines two of the best things ever).The staff here was also super cüöl.  They tolerated my touristy photo-snapping (I'm so in love with Portland that I am most definitely a tourist in my own town).  Not only do I find the place to be very photogenic, but I sat at the bar so I got to see a plethora of dishes being cooked and served (the kitchen is right in back of the bar, endless entertainment plus ambient heat can be yours if you chose to sit here) I saw a beer on tap here that I had never heard of before.  Not only did I get an ace description of it (a pilsner-type beer with IPA hops...some beer-centric places lack people that can talk about beer in such a manner, cüöl), I was also given a *BONUS* free sample.  It was pretty good; when I come here for dinner I'm definitely getting a full pint.One more thing of note: the last time I came here one of the specials was a venison steak.  It's hard to eat a slab of rare deer meat without feeling like a beastly Viking**.*I'm not convinced this isn't a conspiracy by Nordic people to re-badge cranberries.  Step 1: cranberries = lingon berries, Step 2 ______, Step 3: profit.**Vikings are the new pirates, btw.  Pirates are less jovial now that they actually exist.  I'm backing Vikings to fill this newly-created void in our vampire/zombie/ninja/etc. lives.
<review# 2639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,4/28/2010,108,389,10,13,9>YEEHAW! As good as it gets! Five Stars!Duke's Country Bar and Grill is the place to be if you are an aspiring cowboy or cowgirl. If you walk into this joint without a cowboy hat, cowboy boots, denim jeans, a large belt buckle and a plaid shirt then you will stand out. Who doesn't like it when their bartenders are cowgirls in short shorts and mini skirts? Who doesn't like line dancing  sessions lead by these very same cowgirls every half hour or so? WHO doesn't love watching people get thrown off of a mechanical bull?! Oh boy this place is fun, even if you aren't into the whole western theme! They play a mix of country rock and "normal" dance music which keeps the dance floor more or less full throughout the night, especially during the line dancing stints. What can I say? You have got to make the trip out to Duke's at least once in your life. I won't promise that you will like it but it is definitely a different side to Portland and it is one that you should experience.
<review# 2640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2010,4/27/2010,61,115,18,15,13>My weekly shopping always begins with a stop by Grocery Outlet. What's on my list before showing up? I have no idea! The beauty of the place lies in taking your time to walk through the aisles and check out the week's awesome scores. With most grocery stores you know what to expect and what products you consistently buy from them. Shopping at Grocery Outlet, on the other hand, is like bowling drunk: you get super excited when you strike a sweet score.  So what kinds of things can you find? This week I got six bottles of wine (quality selections between $3.99 and $9.99), granola bars ($1.49), nut mixes ($2.99), organic tomato paste ($0.39), Tom's of Maine toothpaste ($2.49) and that's just the tip of the iceberg. No matter what, I always walk away feeling pretty damn proud of myself for picking up so many awesome staples for such little money, especially their organic and natural offerings. A word of caution though: expiration dates come a lot sooner than at most grocery stores so beware when purchasing perishables. I'm so glad I just got a bigger fridge. Next time they have Amy's roasted vegetable pizza for $2.49 (minimum $5 anywhere else) I'm buying the entire shelf and stocking up. If they have Rice Dream ice cream bars for $.50 cents again I'm just going to stay home and get fat. Want to come over?
<review# 2641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,4/26/2010,80,286,11,13,8>You know what Portland Spirit cruises are perfect for? Mom's birthdays. And perhaps visiting relatives, and maybe kitschy romantical dinners. Why? Because it's mellow, and there is a piano player. He takes requests. The food is good, local; the setting is kinda scrunched, but the view is always lovely and inside it's nice and warm.If you're lucky like me and Mom, you can witness a hot mess of bachelorette types, tottering in heels, getting tanked up top (having not purchased the dinner option). Its about 3 hours start to finish, down to Oregon City and back up under the bridges. It's worth doing once to impress Moms and visitors, but bring your fat wallet, it gets spensive.
<review# 2642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,4/25/2010,240,523,13,13,12>Miso hungry! Me love you long time! Found along the quaint residential strip mall of Orenco Station lies a sushi and sake bar that serves grilled squid!YES. GRILLED SQUID! Of all appetizers that will catch my fancy it is you! Not too charred, not too soft. Just tender and perfect. You don't look like an overgrown mutated nuclear spill victim squid which is good. And I will pass on your tentacles. Dip it in garlic mayo swimming in soy sauce to make it better than perfect. And you'll have to open your mouth wide for the sushi. It took me two bites to finish off a serving. They are cut big not like your run of the mill conveyor belt sushi. The tempura is lovely. Crispy and warm. Broccoli anyone? I'll pass. But not on the string beans. The gyozas are ok. Not a big fan of them. And the Kobe beef is nicely done as well. I love that I can taste a hint of smoke with the beef not being tough and charred at all. Be forewarned that they charge extra for sides of something which is not too bad. The glass that they use looks funky. It may give you a hard time figuring it out but you will survive. I hope you will. Good luck. Or maybe its just me. Being tired from work and just want my miso. I was actually craving for miso until I found a whole bento box and a squid. The place is clean. Shiny granite bar top that you can use as a mirror.
<review# 2643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,4/24/2010,265,215,17,18,15>DC Vegetarian is the peanut butter to my chocolate, the Forest Park to my Portland, the spicy to my bloody mary, the handlebars to my bike, the google calendar to my schedule.... in short, it's the bees knees and the cat's meow to my overused idioms.I love this place like no other. They have never once disappointed me. The vegan cheesesteak with those thick chunks of seitan, the bacon cheeseburger with avocado, the daily soups, the italian sub.... every single item is worthy of some of your lesser friend's lives.I kid. Mostly.What I'm trying to say (stay with me) is that DC Vegetarian makes my belly, my mouth, my pocketbook and my general sense of well-being all incredibly happy. Food Cart or not, it's hand-down my favorite place to eat in Portland.
<review# 2644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2009,4/23/2010,376,599,19,26,20>You read "Wolf and Bear's" and you expect something involving the carnivorous side of life, right? At the very least (at the BEAR-y least, ba dum ching) you'd expect a couple of animals to be paraded out of a cage wearing Cossack hats and made to dance for their lives. But that is not what Wolf and Bear's is about. Their philosophy - that vegan and vegetarian bites do not suck  - is quite the opposite. The cute couple who man and wo-man this food cart serve Mediterranean-inspired snacks. The only carbon-based things involved in the process are the cooks, except for those brave garbanzo beans, chickpeas, and salad greens that offered up their lives in the pursuit of homemade hummus and falafel. You might also expect that a vegan/vegetarian meal won't be enough to fill you up, and maybe you're right, but this cart's menu certainly tries. The Roadside Snack is more like the Roadside Reason to Give Up the Wheel and Pass Out in the Passenger Seat for an Hour. I eat it with caramelized onions and grilled mushrooms, but they have other choices for fillings. They also carry a sauce that probably contains some cilantro and other green herbs in it. The sauce holds an unexpected bite and could easily sit alongside Sriracha, Cholula, and Secret Aardvark in the executive chambers of the Hot Sauce Council. Plus, it prevents you from completely WOLF-ing (ba dum pow) down your pita and its contents without breathing.Thanks, ladies and gentlemen, I'll be here all night.
<review# 2645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2009,4/22/2010,126,304,6,8,7>I had been harping on my bf that he had to try Korean bbq and how much he would love it. After a long day of lines, screaming children, and sun at the zoo, we decided today was the day. We headed here because it was the closest Korean restaurant we could get to on foot after getting off the Max. We stepped into what seemed a mini haven from the hustle and bustle of NW 23rd. It was much fancier than any Korean restaurant I had been in. I kept whispering to the bf that it's normally not like this (he is more of a hole in the wall person than a michelin star person). It was a one-man waiter show, but he was surprisingly attentive the whole time. He explained everything clearly and pushed aside any thoughts of my bf running out the door after having stepped into fear factor. We went all out and got the prix fixe with wine pairings. $39.95/person. Actually not bad for the amount of wine/food we got. Besides, I wouldn't even bother attempting to make things like this at home. I wouldn't even want to wash all the dishes that go into the service. This is how it went (See pictures to follow along. Sorry I missed pics of the main entree, but I got too excited.): 1. Hobak-juk - rice porridge made with three different pumpkins Meyer-Fonne, Crémant d'Alsace Brut Extra, France This porridge was amazing. It was thick and slightly sweet and sticky. We both had never had anything like it. The champagne was excellent and light. We both don't love champagne, but could probably drink a bottle of this one. 2. Samsak gyu-ja-chae - three vegetables flavored with carefully blended Korean mustard vinegar dressing 2003 Francois Cazin, Cheverny, Loire Valley, France This was the typical marinated cucumber salad with carrots and clear noodles I want to say made of green bean or potato. It was refreshing, but not super amazing. 3. Gu-jeol-pan - eight different foods to be wrapped in bite size crepes 2003 Meyer-Fonne, Pinot Gris, Tokay Dorfburg, Alsace, France We loved this little make it yourself bites. We both had never had this either. The skin was a bit dumpling/crepe-like. The available fillings were cucumber, bean sprout, carrot, ground pork, egg white, pan fried egg, wood ear fungus, and shittake mushrooms. There was a garlicy mustard sauce to pour over your fillings before stuffing your mouth. 4. Japchae - stir fried sweet potato noodles with variety of vegetables 2001 Freja, Pinot Noir, Willamette Valley, OR This was the sesame oil noodles that you are used to seeing in food courts. It had wood ear fungus, mushrooms, and bok choy-like greens sauteed with the bouncy clear noodles. 5. Bulgogi and Spicy Pork - Entree served with chi-ge, nine seasonal side dishes and bap (rice) 2002 Terres Dorees L'Ancien Vieilles Vignes France Beaujolais The bulgogi was sweeter than I usually have, but I love salty sweet so it was exactly what I wanted. The beef was more tender than a lot of "authentic" places I've had. It was probably better quality beef pieces. The pork was my bf's favorite as predicted because it's tender and spicy and bright red from all the chiles. The caramelized onions were perfect with the rice. The side dishes included marinated red potatoes, little fried egg dumplings with veggies, marinated bean sprouts and spinach, spicy kimchee, non spicy kimchee, dried squid doused in red sauce, marinated burdock root, marinated dried black beans, and pickled turnip. It was a nice hearty red wine for the entree. 6. Su-jeong-gwa - sweet drink flavored with cinnamon and ginger, served with pine nuts on top I've never had this tea with spices in it so it was a nice modern twist. It's meant to cleanse your palate, which it did a perfect job of. 7. Cha & Deok - traditional Korean tea and rice cake The barley tea was super hot but a nice end to the meal with a rolled seaweed cookie. After all the half glasses of wine (and having not eaten since a farmer's market breakfast), we were definitely happy (or maybe I should just say "I") and didn't realize we had been eating non-stop for 1.5 hours. Good thing there was a street car stop right outside to let me go home to fall asleep watching Shrek.
<review# 2646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,4/21/2010,121,1306,17,24,22>Five-star cuisine that's totally out of my price range on a good day.On a bad day, I shouldn't be aloud to walk by and smell the goods.The hype is not lost on this place. If you can scrounge up the money to drop the cash in one sitting, I wouldn't hesitate to send you in their direction. Their food is worthy of your hard earned dollars. It's the kind of intense culinary masterpieces you just don't get to partake in everyday.That being said, this is not the place for those who aren't adventurous. The majority of my family, for example, would probably never find anything but their burger to eat. Anything remotely out of the norm (rabbit, beef cheek, etc) would set some of them off in a heartbeat. Putting parsnips with apples? They'd turn their noses up (they're really no fun). There is always a vegetarian option, which has equally complex flavors. I was almost tempted to get it purely to see what a brussel sprout strudel would taste like. The space is almost as incredible as the food. Warm. Quaint. Small. You aren't getting a large group in here without a reservation. They save 10 seats around the kitchen for those of us who just want a first-come-first-served option. This truly is the place to sit anyway. You can watch the magic happen, and see all the food you're missing out on. They're artists, and true masters of their craft. This isn't an in-and-out meal. I spent just shy of two hours in here on two entrees and dessert. I wish I were the lucky couple who was ordering one of everything off the menu and splitting it. Oh to have that kind of cash. You can bet your ass I'd be doing it, too.There is an insane wine list to compliment anything you're possibly going to eat. I wish I could say I had a glass or two, but alas I didn't. They also serve up a few beers and a few non-alcoholic beverages. Their water is just fine, I can assure you. I ordered the rabbit with apples, parsnip, and chestnut. In-cred-ible. Perfectly sweet and lightly breaded. Rabbit can take the place of chicken any time for me. It was delicious. It was falling off the bone, and more moist than most meats I've had. The apples complimented the parsnips and added just enough earthy flavor to the sweet sauce. I managed to clean Sabrina's plate of lamb neck with macaroni, corn, and chantarelles. Oddly enough, we both ended up with meals opposite what we'd normally want. She's much more the sweet and me the savory. The lamb neck had a rich flavor that balanced the normally tame macaroni and corn. You had substance dancing with flavor. It was perfect. I still think my plate was better, granted hers didn't disappoint in the slightest.I was pleasantly surprised with the portions. Usually, when I see entrees start climbing past the $20 range, I'm almost always going home hungry. Not here. I'm not stuffed, but I'm definitely comfortable. You want to eat carefully, savoring every bite. Honestly, they're the perfect size of entree.  The rich flavors would be two overwhelming if you had any bigger portions. We topped off the evening with one of their desserts, which happened to be a carrot parsnip cake, spiced whipped topping, and candied walnuts. I'm a firm believer that parsnip is the best addition to carrot cake in the history of cake. I wish I could make cupcakes out of it. Dessert definitely was the low-light to the evening, though. I'd much rather have picked an appetizer instead. The hamachi and ricotta gnocchi were calling my name. Next time?Well, hopefully there is a next time. Two entrees and dessert were chalked up to a lovely $72 with tip. That's no drinks, folks. I just can't justify it often, but damnit I wish I could.
