<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2014,11/26/2014,76,88,,6,3>Went here per suggestion of a fellow Yelper.  I used to go to place in the mall, which was out of the way and inconsistent.  The girl here was very friendly, didn't talk much.  She listened to what I wanted and started her magic.  Very meticulous just felt mild tugging which is normal.  I have been having my eyebrows threaded about a year and a half.  Yes,  when you first start out you can feel it and might get puffy...but once you have been going for a while that goes away.  I just get a little red because of the hair being pulled out and its gone in 5 minutes.  This establishment is very clean and I plan on continuing to get my eyebrows done here....
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/25/2014,48,120,4,4,4>Oh God.  How can you really do a deli like this justice?  There are so many facets, so many different elements to cover!  Do I mention the delectable meats piled so high on the sandwiches that the bread topples off the side of the plates?  Do I sing praises to the huge, perfectly fried onion rings with their delicious, spicy bayou sauce?  Do I profess odes of love for their unbelievable matzo ball soup, kniches, and rugalash?  What about their house-made half-sour pickles?  How do I truly capture their crunch and tang in words?  How??I have never had a bad meal at Rein's- and my man and I eat there every Tuesday night.  I have sampled a dozen different sandwiches, soups, and specialty Jewish foods and all have been authentically amazing.The staff is also extremely friendly and helpful and agreeable, ready to take the extra step to please the customer, even when we might be in a bind!  Even when the untimely loss of a debit card left us with only a checkbook to pay for our meal, the folks at Rein's didn't bat a lash or embarrass in the least!  They were so helpful and so NICE!  I was blown away!Lines, especially on weekend meal times, can be absolutely insane, so if you can, try to stop in on a less crowded week night.  They have great specials and REALLY good prices for what they serve- I'd say you get NYC quality deli food for CT deli prices and that is not a bad deal!!One of my favorite go-to-spots in CT!!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2014,11/24/2014,118,153,3,4,2>Great place. It's larger than I expected when I first drove by, and has a wine room in the back with some nicer selections. The prices here rival my New England favorite, Yankee Spirits. If it wasn't that Yankee Spririts, which is in Mass, has no tax and gives case discounts, there are a few things I would have bought here instead. For example, they have quite a bit of the 40th Anniversary Caymus Napa Valley cab sauv for 69.99, which is the same at Yankee Spirits. If anyone finds it cheaper, let me know :) They also have Silver Oak cab (the Alexander Valley one) for a reasonable price, and Justin Cab (Paso Robles) for a dollar cheaper than usual CT stores.  Still my favorite Paso Robles wine  :) Stop in! Check this place out!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,11/23/2014,57,138,3,4,3>Dirty Dog is great!!!  They have it all.  Now, my dog does not allow me to take full advantage of their self service washes, because if I wash him, he cries like a baby and tries to leap from the tub (he weighs 65 pounds).  So we do opt for full service grooming when it's time for his baths.  But if your dog is agreeable, this is the best!  You can pick out the shampoo and conditioner you want, and make a big mess that someone else cleans up for you!We still frequent the shop for cookies and other treats.  Whenever I'm passing by, I stop in for a few of the cutest dog cookies around.  They also have a great selection of cute stuff like collars, and seasonal items like Halloween costumes.  We also got my pup's first birthday "cake" there.  We opted for the small size, but they also have a larger size if you're having a puppy party!
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2014,11/22/2014,119,143,3,5,5>Wow, I reviewed this place over 3 years ago and have only been back for a post funeral event (and the food was excellent that day).  I returned last night to have dinner with my wife and 3 friends.  I ordered the Steak Risotto and it was SO GOOD.  I pretty much licked the plate.  The steak was lean, tender and plentiful.  I live nearby and I remember telling my wife (before dinner last night) "if this is a good meal, this place is going in our regular rotation".  It's in the rotation now.  I have a feeling we'll be back within the week (I'm eyeing the cheese fries with brisket).  Our service was excellent too.  The smells coming out of the kitchen (even though I was full) were intoxicating from wings to grilling meat...all good.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,11/21/2014,62,151,1,3,4>This place is a great little throw back with a high end diner feel. I personally loved their specials board and the emphasis on local. My husband and I went randomly on a thursday around 11 and we were one of three groups there. I was immediately excited because they still serve breakfast/brunch (my favorite) and i was STARVING.I dove right in and ordered eggs benedict over grilled cornbread. It was SO. MUCH. FOOD.  everything was great. the eggs were perfectly poached, the cornbread was moist and thick. My husband got a spinach and feta omelet that was equally as large. The service was excellent, as I kind of expected since it wasnt that busy. One thing that caught my attention though was the extra kindness the server displayed to the older woman dining alone next to us. They seem extremely accomodating to her particular older and were very polite as she specified her order. They chatted, and it was really nice to see them be this friendly with patrons of all ages.Prices were good for west hartford, but not quite "diner" level. We paid about $30 for two enormous brunch dishes, 2 coffees, and juice.cant wait to go back for dinner!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,11/20/2014,1689,2881,3,6,4>Max Burger takes CT pubs to a new level. The Fun-Guy burger (mushroom'd themed) was really delicious and one of the best burgers I've had in a long time. It was cooked to perfection. I also really liked the softshell crab sandwich, which included a nice sauce.The beer list is really stellar, one of the best in the Hartford area and ever changing.Lastly, our waitress was totally cute and knew the menu very well. She steered us clear of some other items, which brought about this very satisfying and memorable dining experience. I also love the vibe here - hip enough to be here with some friends after work, versatile enough to bring the parents or kids, and nice enough to bring a date.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,11/19/2014,14,106,2,6,4>Thank you Vishal for the follow up.  I stopped in for a second shot this past Monday for dinner and had a much nicer experience.  It was a quiet night, the service was extremely friendly, and the food was excellent.  I wish I could remember the name of the meal I ordered but I had a hard enough time pronouncing it I was never going to remember what it was called.  It was essentially chicken with potatoes, sausage, and a creamy sauce.  It was delicious.  My only minor complaint is what appeared to be fruit flies flying around the dining room.  There weren't a ton, but enough to be noticeable.Overall, I'd love to come back.  Given the vicinity to work, I likely will in the near future.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2014,11/18/2014,803,1274,15,16,13>(This review is for their $8.95 lunch buffet)If you equate Chinese buffets with grease, fried everything, grease, and more grease, you will be as stunned as I was with the very good quality and choices from Ginger Root.First of all, they have fresh sushi made in front of your eyes by a sushi guy -all sorts of Nigiri and Maki - I enjoyed every one. Fresh, clean tasting, just really good.The hot buffet was one table, so you didn't see the repetitive dozens of trays with the ususal suspects. Lots of dim sum, though, and they were very good. I stuck mostly with the dim sum and sushi, and avoided the General Tso and Beef and Broccoli and Lo Mein and rice dishes.I did try a seafood curry -shrimp, scallops, squid -and it was wonderful -great zippy flavor and fresh!I didn't see any soups out, I did see a nice dessert table with fruit and cake, but I didn't go there.The place is small -4 booths and 8 tables. The lady running the floor was pleasant and attentive.All in all, a really good value. Just a note, it's tucked in the corner of the Shop Rite Plaza and is a little tricky to find.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2014,11/17/2014,5,68,5,4,3>4 stars for the fish n chips alone. Huge portions of fresh fish with a light batter and great chips, for a reasonable price. You can also get fried scallops, clams, crab, oysters or squid if you''re in the mood for something different. The clam chowder was very good, just a little heavy on the salt.The market section has an excellent variety of fresh seafood. Prices are a little on the high side but not too bad overall.The lobster roll is now $19.99 instead of $16.99, so you're better off getting your lobster fix elsewhere.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,11/16/2014,9,34,4,3,4>Nestled in a quiet strip mall, you could easily drive past this little gem. Even though our friends and family recommended this place to us, we're just now getting around to it. How silly we were. This could quite possibly, be one of the best BBQ places, that we've been to.Do yourself a favor, and start with the smoked wings. Yes, smoked. These wings are first smoked, then fried. You can then choose to have a dry rub or wet sauce added. We decided to do them straight up. This was a wise choice. The smoked flavor really comes through, with each crunchy bite.For our meals we selected the smoked turkey and pulled pork. Each meal comes with two sides and cornbread. We picked the macaroni and cheese, baked beans, cole slaw and collard greens. Everything was wonderful. The turkey was a bit dry, but with a little of the Carolina Mustard Sauce, it was brought back to life! Top it off with a friendly and accommodating staff, and you've got a top notch BBQ joint!Can't wait to go back.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,11/15/2014,173,343,2,5,8>Oh Lyman's how I love you.  Let me count the waysI love your twisty and windy roads that take you up and around your huge property where each turn leads you surprise after surpriseI love that I can come here any time during the Spring, Summer and Fall and be able to pick blueberries, peaches, necterines, pears, apples and pumpkins.I love that you have become a yearly tradition for my husband and I.  Fall is not complete without a trip to Lyman's to pick "the perfect apple"I love that there is nothing better picking your fruit, paying for it and then being able to have some of the freshest produce ever to touch your lips.  Fruit right off the branch - yes please!I love the views of the Connecticut country side I get when I come to Lyman's.I love that they have been able to expand their business into some great agro-tourism for families of all agesI love that even if I did not want to pick my own fruit (although that is quite silly) I can head over to the farm store stocked with not only fruit but local produce, food stuffs AND apple cider donuts.I love Lyman Orchard - it's as simple as that!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,11/14/2014,25,304,2,6,2>Whimsical little coffee/cafe offering a nice selection of very good caffeinated beverage options with a small selection of pastries, sandwiches, paninis and the like. The place is lovingly tended by the owner, apparently a PhD (according to the business card I spied on the counter) and the obvious heart and soul of the place. Plenty of cosy seating options to catch up with a friend or get some work done while refueling. A real gem.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,11/13/2014,82,21,3,7,5>One of the things we like to do when we travel is check out different Bikram studios.  Bikram Yoga Downtown Hartford is my hands down favorite, and, happily, my home studio!Natasha, the owner, is amazing.  She has created a studio that is warm, welcoming, friendly, and incredibly professional.  The teachers have diverse and wonderful personalities.  I learn something new from each of them, and I appreciate their consistent commitment to the Bikram script.  The facilities are impressive and are always immaculate.Whether you are an old hand at Bikram or just trying it for the first time, BYDH is an amazing place to get to practice.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,11/12/2014,312,447,7,11,13>This just in:  GRASSROOTS IS MY NEW FAVORITE ICE CREAM IN CT.  You heard it here.Friends and family already know because I love this place so much I have been raving about it to everyone who will listen.  They use all local ingredients where possible - even the bacon in the three varieties of bacon ice cream are from a Granby farm.  How great!  If you know me, you know that I take ice cream very seriously.  I go on ice cream tours around New England.  I create ice cream samplers where there are none.  In less than two weeks I will be in Rhode Island to attend an Ice Cream Throwdown for which I am honored to be an Ice Cream Ambassador!  Serious business.  Ice cream rocks my world / lights up my life / rules everything around me (ice c.r.e.a.m..).  And the ice cream here?  Some of the best I've ever had.  Perfectly balanced, stellar flavors coupled with an inviting atmosphere and the sweetest of staff makes this my new fave.  My first time was Memorial Day.  The day before there was an Elite event that I was unable to attend as I was roadtripping northern New England.  We got back late that night so the next day I planned a hike in the area so that we could come here for ice cream after as I was bummed that I couldn't make it to the event.From the moment we pulled up the adorable green building melted my heart.  Once we walked in it took a moment for me to take it all in.  The place isn't large, but I was struck by the bright, open, airy space.  The cheerful staff in matching tie-dye shirts warmly greeted us.  There were so many flavors of ice cream to try!  All the flavors were unique and interesting, unlike ones I'd ever seen elsewhere.  For instance, the delicious Honey Lavender ice cream and refreshing Pear Lavender sorbet were ones that I sampled and loved. I created my own ice cream sampler with Strawberry Chocolate Chip / Birch Beer / Peanut Butter Brownie / Banana Graham / Double Dark Black Coffee / Mint Chocolate Cookie Dough.  Each flavor was excellent, my favorites being the Strawberry Chocolate Chip and the Birch Beer.  The Birch Beer was incredible and tasted like the clear carbonated beverage but a more decadent, richer, desserty variation.  Loved it!  Also loved the Maple Bacon, Salted Caramel Coffee Chocolate Chip, and Candied Ginger that my fellow Yelpers created.  Sooo good.  Nice work, guys!Follow them on Facebook for updates on new flavors that they continually crank out.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2014,11/11/2014,43,182,2,7,3>I LOVED HB Seafood!!  I walked in to this restaurant for the first time yesterday and was immediately blown away by their amazing customer service.  This is the type of place where you order at the counter before sitting down.  The girl who was working the counter was SO friendly.  She asked if this was our first visit and offered to explain the menu to us - which was very helpful!  I ordered the Crab Roll and my dad ordered the cod sandwich.  Each meal came with two sides -- we both got fries and slaw.  I LOVED my crab roll.  This was definitely the best one that I have ever eaten!  It was so delicious and just the right size.  The waitress / counter girl came back to check on us several times, which was great, and also cleared our plates, which I wasn't expecting.  I will say that the decor was a bit spartan and it was a tad bit dark in there for my taste, but with food like this, I would eat in the broom closet, if necessary.  I cannot wait to go back again -- I heard people at the table next to me raving about the fish tacos and I need to try them!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2014,11/10/2014,6,48,4,3,3>There's not a whole lot that Chef's won't put on a hot dog, they'll put anything on there from pastrami, to BBQ & Coleslaw, to Bacon, to just about anything under the sun. If you even feel "limited" by the amazing options on the menu, they even have "Connecticut's largest condiment bar", so you can add tons and tons of extra, and I indeed did add those tons and tons of extras. In the end I went for both the pastrami & swiss hot dog and the Junkyard dog. I then supplemented both with jalepeno ketchup and banana peppers. It was delicious and my stomach will never forgive me.Although the namesake would suggest otherwise, Chef's does have a surprisingly large selection of other items as well. Chef's has a wide selection of burgers, sandwiches, soups and side dishes. They even have a few salads...but what kind've fun would that be in a hot dog place? The sides are pretty standard fare for this kind've place: fries, chips, onion rings, chili and coleslaw. The onion rings were great and huge. The portions are very generous too.The place was immaculate and the wait staff were incredibly friendly. They all had a happy and bubbly attitude. The food was delivered quickly and the drink options were very diverse.Overall Chef's is a must visit for everyone in Connecticut. The food was reasonably priced, the options were unlimited, the place was cozy and the staff was great.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,11/9/2014,106,332,2,5,3>I will say, for a hole in the wall place, a group of us were pretty impressed.It has an older feel to it, kinda old fashioned, but it works. We stopped in on a Saturday am with five people. Someone else had eaten here already and suggested it.I have added a few photos to get an idea of the presentation but over all we were all very happy and satisfied with our meals. I have a feeling the the one star post from September is bias. One person ordered Eggs Benedict which was very good. Great version of the Benedict sauce.I had the stuffed french toast with canoli and marmalade. This was a great dish and totally would recommend. It almost didn't need syrup.Waffles, eggs, etc were ordered and everyone was happy. Coffee was fresh, the waitstaff was very nice and it offers outside seating that was filled by the time we left.I look forward to returning.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,11/8/2014,47,138,2,8,3>So, I went to Biagetti's and ordered the footlong.  Piece of veal parmesean.  That's how big the piece of veal was in this main course staple. Served with a side of penne pasta it would be more than enough food for most people. The portions here are enormous and this is some of the best Italian I've ever eaten.  It is on par with Boston's North End and puts some of the NYC Little Italy restaurants to shame.Biagetti's harkens back to a time when you got soup and salad included with your meal. Like around the late 1970s and early 80s.  They're still doing it here and with all the charm of a low lit dining room and retro decor.I think it adds to the appeal of the place because the decor and layout take me back to the formative years of my life in which restaurants were usually reserved for special nights out.  I miss those days and Biagetti's brings them back to life in only one visit.But back to the food.  As I said portions are enormous and I couldn't decide between the excellent veal parm that I ended up choosing or the homemade ricotta cavatelli and braciole dish.So I compromised and asked if I could order the "gavadelle" only as an appetizer.  Yes was the answer.  So an extra star for accommodating requests.  Nice job.This cavatelli dish was unbelievable.  Hand made, bathed in a meat sauce and very light, they served enough in the appetizer to make a meal for most people.  I had to hold back from finishing them because I still had two thirds of the meal still coming.The prices are a great value for what you get.  The veal parm with penne and scrod pomodoro with linguine entrees (including Italian wedding soup and salad and bread) and the cavatelli app with two sodas for $52.50?  You can't beat that.Service is attentive, prompt and accommodating. I really don't get the negative reviews here.  You don't like the decor?  Really?  That's the reason to downplay this spot?  No way.  I'm not buying it.Biagetti's is doing things old school here and doing them well. I wouldn't change a thing.  THIS is Italian food at its best.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,11/7/2014,32,57,1,3,3>I've been here a few times, and the food has always been reliably high-quality. That said, I agree with a few other Yelpers on the issue of price--it's somewhat expensive and not THAT impressive in ambiance or waitstaff attentiveness to justify the fine-dining cost. Still, it's great if you're looking for healthier, higher quality food, albeit still in a packed, noisy restaurant setting. **On an unrelated note: BEWARE the 12-oz wine option! If they ask to refill it, they WILL serve you 24 oz of wine! Of course, I enjoyed all 24 oz, just not the next day's headache...
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2014,11/6/2014,14,82,1,5,2>B Muse is by far the best place to get a salad in this area. For a flat fee of $6.95 you get a massive salad with unlimited combinations of fixings. Protein is extra $. They have a ton of different items included to make your lunch original. The staff is always friendly, and the food is always very fresh and tasty. If you are tired of the fast food doldrums on Rt 5 in Wallingford and are looking for a quick, healthy and a good value lunch then try B Muse. Also they have very good macaroons if you are looking for an inexpensive sweet treat  (.75 cents).
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2014,11/5/2014,57,10,3,5,3>I love this place! I started working in Branford a few months ago, and recently discovered this as my new lunch spot. I literally have eaten here 5x a week for the past 3 weeks. Their menu is huge, which is good when you don't want the same thing everyday. I also love that they have a salad bar, with everything from roasted asparagus to sweet potatoes. The staff is always super friendly, and the food is really good. Sidenote: They get swamped at lunch time, so make sure you have a couple minutes to spare.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,11/4/2014,20,67,1,6,2>I've eaten at Sarapes a half dozen times or so now, figured I'd give it a review.Everything I've had here has been a step above other north/central CT mexican restaurants.  The guacamole is bright and crisp with cilantro, lime, and onion.  My favorite dish is the chile relleno, perfect amount of breading, flavorful sauce, gooey chewy cheeses... I'm making myself hungry just thinking about it.Friends I've gone with love the Oaxacan platter and the beef tostadas.  The menu is fairly extensive, and offers a lot of variety for frequent repeat visits.One of my favorite reasons to come here are the authentic mexican beers, beverages and sodas they stock.  Flavors we normally don't see in New England, be sure to try one next time you're here.While Plaza Azteca is closer in Manchester, Sarapes is better, is more authentic, and is well worth the trip.Note, the parking in front is very limited.  There is a side street right next to Sarapes with a larger lot behind the building where you can find plenty of parking within a short 100 yard walk.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,11/3/2014,80,717,7,8,7>It's hard not to furrow your brow at first when you see a Mexican restaurant with a hopelessly stereotypical name... Is it a trap for ignorant American palates? A restaurant experiment by non-Mexicans with improper training in the ethnic cuisine? A Taco Bell without a franchising license?But open the duly judged book cover, and you'll find a really excellent, cheap, and authentic Mexican food experience. Not just tacos with corn tortillas [as they should be made], but other classics like pozole, flautas, and tamales as well.Dirt cheap. $1.75 for a taco, $7.50 for a big bad burrito, just to name a few examples. Ten different meat fillings are available... time to get your animal flesh on at Tacos Mi Nacho.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,11/2/2014,250,122,1,8,4>What's that saying? "People say you don't know what you've got until it's gone."Truth is, I knew what I had, I just never thought I'd lose it!After having traveled so much for the last few months, I was fortunate enough to come back just in time for their 4th open house. From 7am-12pm, it was a day of "free yoga, food and fun!" And honestly, what's better than practicing some hot yoga with one of the best yoga communities around?! Sure, I mean you might be profusely sweating on one another, but hey - who cares! It's not often that you get to practice with about 50 yogis!Open house aside, there really isn't anything close to what The Yoga Shop has, or is. The community, the hot yoga, the instructors - I can genuinely say that after having a year of experimenting and exploring other yoga studios in the Greater Hartford area, The Yoga Shop has it. Packages are moderately priced, your first class is always free, student/military discounts, and a $15 walk-in? It's certainly fair to say that TYS is agreeably priced. The only gripe I have is that it's a bit far to get to. During the after-work rush hour, it can easily take up to 15 minutes just to get to the studio from the off-ramp. So leave yourself a good 30 minutes just to get there and be comfortably situated. Whether you're looking for a heated, athletic and fast-paced yoga class or getting into yoga for the first time, TYS has something for everyone!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,11/1/2014,138,275,3,4,5>Smart move by Mortensen's to still make some pretty darn good ice cream.Saturday was the first time Jason and I had the best ice cream in the area.  So many flavors to choose and they are all so different.  I had the roasty toasty coconut, which was chocolate ice cream with coconut.  OMG...my taste bud almost exploded with joy.  I also had a scoop of their signature graham cracker ice cream.The scoops were HUGE and they do not skimp on portions.  My man had the maple ice cream and it was delicious, but not as delicious as my selections.BRING CASH!  It is a cash only establishment.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,10/31/2014,16,31,1,8,4>I'm a huge fan of their shui zhu yu (boiled fish)!!!! I went there with some friends on their opening day (have been long anticipating their opening since it's so close to A dong), I was not let down and in fact, I think I found my "go to" place for authentic Chinese food! The interior is simple yet elegant. I was surprised by its interior size because on the outside it didn't look too big. But the food... Ugh is what keeps me droolingI can't wait to return and try some other dishes!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,10/30/2014,73,181,3,4,3>Comedy clubs are really in a category all their own-yes, they're dirty, seating is beyond tight, and service can be touch and go, but once you accept that and just focus on the comedy Joker's Wild is a New Haven gem. I didn't expect much when I went to the bar but I was happy to discover a great selection of bottled beer at $5 each plus a great beer special if you are into miller high life. Even more surprising was their open mic night. Of course I went in expecting a train wreck but that's not at all what it was like. There were several people I'd pay to see and hardly anybody that was really horrible. The host did a great job of keeping it moving...I have a feeling that the "five minute" time limit is pretty flexible depending on how you are doing which is a great idea.The venue is small and New Haven isn't NYC so big names don't come often, but when they do expect an intimate show with good beer and a reasonable cover.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,10/29/2014,23,55,3,3,3>Snagged some take out lunch on a beautiful spring day. What a picturesque view as I pulled up on a glorious spring day, Brew Bakers windows and doors wide open to let in the breeze. Friendly and prompt going staff.The Italian combo panini I chowed down on was fantastic. The substitution of a balsamic reduction upped the flavor significantly.I am only saddened that they aren't open in the evenings, thus the 4 stats instead of 5. I will surely return here when I can, but like many people I am at work during their hours and miss out on their good food and service.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/28/2014,50,36,4,4,4>Christopher Martins appeals to me because I live in the neighborhood. Is it the most beautiful looking place ever? Not really, but it's a pub. It also appeals to me because I sometimes forget to eat dinner and their kitchen is often open until midnight...Midnight people. I can always get a craft beer that appeals to me, there is outdoor seating and the waitstaff is friendly and willing to chat with you if they have time. The BEST part about CM's is that their happy hours have free food! Not just one shitty little deviled egg per person or something...buffet ranges full of wings and pasta! Note: Next door there is a fancier restaurant called Christopher Martins restaurant, which is much higher-end.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,10/27/2014,95,659,3,5,4>Came back for the first time in a while on a date-night with my wife.  Sat outside on a wonderfully comfortable fall night.  Peanut Butter Coconut Wings & Red's Apple Ale complemented the evening.  Instead of straight from the smoker, the wings now get smoked then fried, which can be a recipe for disaster.  However, Taino has found a way to keep all the great aspects of a smoked wing.  It's crispy from the fryer, with a hint of smoky flavor, and isn't dried out at all.  Taino has some of the best wings in Middletown, Kudos for that.The BBQ Sampler Platter was delicious, as were both sides although the baked beans could have used some more seasoning, they were a bit on the bland side.  The only room for improvement I saw could have been some lighting in the outdoor seating area.  I saw lights above but they weren't turned on.  Tiki torches would really set the mood, but not sure if they're allowed w/ fire code and all.Overall a great meal, I will continue to return.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/26/2014,83,174,2,7,5>Something for pro hikers or tiny tikes,So lace up your shoes and tune up your bikes,And head to Wadsworth for some peace in the woods,Sweat and sore muscles never felt so good.This is a great local spot in Middletown to spend a nice day outside. If you are looking to hike, print a map of the park from online and park your car on a side street where one of the trails starts. We parked on Laurel Grove Rd and it was free. If you want to park in the lot near the "beach", you'll be paying around $9 in the summer.The trails themselves were well-kept and made for a fun hike. I have a foot injury and I had no problem with our journey. There is some climbing involved near the Little Falls, but nothing extreme. One problem we did face is that the trails are not very clearly marked. There are places were the Red trail intersects with the Orange trail and the Orange trail intersects with the Yellow trail. However, all three of these colors were very similar in hue. It resulted in my group going the wrong direction at one point. There was also a bridge that was out in one spot, so we needed to jump across some river rocks. However, these are the trials and tribulations that make for a more exciting day.The Little Falls did not have much water flow, but the Big Falls sure did. There were lots of people at the Big Falls taking photos on the rocks as gallons and gallons of water dumped down around them. You can drive your car right up to the Big Falls and park for free if you're looking for a quick spot to have lunch or snap a few photos.We saw people biking, horseback riding, and jogging along the trails. We also saw various animals. Great spot in my hometown.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2014,10/25/2014,70,139,1,4,3>We stopped in for happy hour and was shocked the happy hour was until 7pm. I swear it was 6pm before, but I'm not complaining!!! If you sit around the bar, you can get $4 wine, $4 well drinks and $3 beers as well as some tapas for $2 or $3. Last night I had the Sauvignon blanc wine which was very refreshing for such a hot day. Their wine list is pretty extensive so if you like vino, you have to check this place out. For tapas we ordered the risotto balls (it had a fancier name which I can't remember) and the Barcelona sliders. Omg, so good!!! The balls had a perfect crunch and the garlic aioli was yummy! I wanted more!!! The sliders were also great! Perfectly cooked medium burger with a little salt taste at the end that left me craving for more. The crowd is a little older, so if you are a young whipper snapper looking for a rager, this isn't the place for you...maybe check out bartaco right next door. The bartenders are so friendly here. I've also heard this place does a family dinner on Sundays as well as cooking classes....not sure if this is true but I need to look into it!!!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,10/24/2014,41,183,3,5,2>Look, it's fancy coffee in fancy West Hartford, so the prices are gonna be high. But for my money, it's the best cup I've had around here in a long time, so I view it as an occasional treat that will be relished.With that said, the iced coffee I had was a blend (Guatemalan and somewhere else) and with just a touch of cream was bright and round, with that hint of something dark and chocolatey at the edges, a beautiful, rich mouthfeel that reminded me very much of another favorite coffee of mine, the Dancing Goats blend, which was served at the beloved Kafe Lila in Pawtucket, RI.J René is clearly doing something very thoughtful with their roasting, and the treats under the glass domes looked tempting. The space was airy (if a just a hint over-designed/clinical feeling but that's fine! It's fine!) and the staff was helpful. I will definitely be returning to enjoy the art of J René's coffees.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2014,10/23/2014,80,148,3,7,3>What a fun place! It was packed on a Wednesday and our server told us they are always like that. It was energizing. The noise level is high but that's part of the excitement you can feel vibrating through.My son and I shared a bottle of Chardonnay listed as a special of the eve. I can't tell you what it was but it was cold and crisp and perfect. I had shrimp piccata for dinner that was light, not heavy, just as it should be. I also had a side of string beans because I saw them at another table and they looked so good. And they were steamed to perfect crispness.My son had a steak and Cesare salad which he must have enjoyed because he cleaned his plate.We started with vegie spring rolls which I found bland. Not bad, just bland.Finally, this review would be incomplete without a shout out to Donovan, our server. He is one friendly guy. And most impressive as he took our entire order without writing anything down. He knew we were going to theater after and took an unexpected 10% of our bill. And as we were leaving he handed us a bag of biscotti to nibble at theater. I dipped mine in coffee at breakfast this morning and can say it is as good as I had read on other reviews.Thanks Salute for a great meal- we'll be back!
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/22/2014,29,41,5,9,3>Out of all the Sichuan food I had back in china and in the states, this is among the top of the list.And this is in the Hartford area, HUGE plus when I don't need to travel to NYC Flushing or Boston for for quality of food like this.Their suannibairou (chili, garlic, spring onion, and sesame on sliced boil pork) was out of the charts!Their spicy beef bowl (shuizhuniurou) was fabulous too.Most importantly, they are relatively cheap compared to other Asian restaurants in the Storrs- Hartford area. Thumbs up for that.It's true that their service is lacking at times, but the food and price made up for it.Highly recommended for people who likes spicy food and Asian food.Note: they prefer cash vs debit/credit card.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2014,10/21/2014,1,224,3,5,5>We had a fabulous time here Saturday night to have dinner and see the Herb Alpert concert. First off parking is a breeze once you find where to go.. Its only $5..and you never have to walk outside to get to Infinity. The concert was excellent..really up close and personal....acoustics are excellent..seating comfortable..everyone is friendly etc. what a find for Hartford! we also enjoyed our dining experience..keeping in mind this place has only been open for like 6 weeks. we sat upstairs..initially thinking we were sent to Siberia..but it worked out fine. in fact..you can see/hear the entertainers warming up/soundchecks etc while you eat and drink. Incredibly interesting experience. A warning on the cocktails: my wife had a pumpkin pie martini....delicious. I made the mistake of ordering one of their special drinks...($9)..called the classical score. sounded potentially delicious with whiskey and vermouth( a take off on the Manhattan).....what came out was the smallest drink I have ever seen. embarrassing. served in a normal sized cocktail glass. maybe 2 sips worth. when one of the managers made the rounds later on..I showed him the drink and he seemed to agree that something was "off" and credited our bill. Our actual meals were very good.we began by splitting an outstanding Caesar salad. I had the rib eye steak...on the smaller side..but flavorful, tender  and delicious. served with wonderful fingerling potatoes. Wife opted for the butternut lasagna..she said it was highly unusual and extremely delicious. no room for desserts. Server was outstanding. An extremely positive experience.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,10/20/2014,29,88,1,6,2>I came in here for lunch today after getting my mouth gouged apart by the dentist up the road.  It seemed like the perfect segue from misery to bliss.....and it didn't disappoint!  When you first take a gander at the menu, you might be confused.  It's a bit strange.  They have a full page of Mac-n-cheese concoctions, along with a mishmash of choices that don't seem to fit into traditional BBQ offerings at all.  There are a few BBQ plates, but they ain't cheap (most seemed to be around $18-$20), so I had to look elsewhere.  After analyzing the menu for several minutes, I went with the brisket sammy and a side of the house Mac.  NOT bad at all!  The Mac side was enormous, which won over my heart immediately (I was starving).  It was creamy as hell and had a lovely smokey flavor with chunks of bacon mixed in.  That's a recipe for success, folks.  The brisket sammy was solid as well, although I do have to comment that it was a little 'over-smoked'.  Didn't think that was really possible until today, but it just seemed a bit overpowering.  Still good though.  I'll be back for sure to check out the rest of this funky menu.  Check it OUT.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/19/2014,83,167,3,5,4>Out of all the lovely menus that I saw for Taste of Hartford week, Max Downtown was the one I was campaigning for.  Why?  Two words.  Lobster tail.  And, a chance to eat at this fancy, expensive restaurant that I've only ever peeked in the window of.  Even though their restaurant week menu was 30.14 instead of 20.14, a quick look at the menu let me know this was an amazing deal (the bibb salad I had for an appetizer is usually $10). I mean, their cheapest entree is like $32. Even though I was there for Taste of Hartford, which is a bit of a different thing than what is usually going on, I have to give 5 stars for the food, ambience, service, and overall experience.  I would throw all the stars in the sky at our server Bruce, who was so charming, so on point, so absolutely wonderful at what he does.  The meal itself was amazing, perfectly paced, and outrageously delicious.  When our second server asked if he could take my plate, which was SCRAPED CLEAN, I asked "unless I'm supposed to eat that", gesturing to the empty lobster shell, I was satisfied.Even the dessert was outstanding; mine was a generous portion of perfectly prepared Creme Brulee.  Even though the wines are obviously overpriced, I was surprised at how reasonable the cocktails were- the $8-$10 range was completely reasonable.  I had their version of a Dark and Stormy, which was flavorful, strong, and prepared with as much finesse as is put into the meals.  Lets face it, I'm not going to be able to afford eating at Max Downtown until Restaurant Week 2015, but at least I know I can stop in for a fantastic cocktail at a totally normal price.  My friend wanted just an unsweetened iced tea with a shot of peachtree schnapps, and she received- a glass of iced tea- an adorably small personal pitcher of iced tea- a "shot" of peachtree that was like 4oz, on ice- a martini glassEven the bread and butter (topped with volcanic rock salt and olive oil) was fancy. And I can't say enough good things about the service and pacing of the meal.  If someone is treating you to a meal and is letting you choose, I strongly suggest giving Max Downtown a look,
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2014,10/18/2014,258,368,3,6,4>This is a great place here in Connecticut.  The food was spot on.  I mean, really a good Mediterranean meal.  I had the lobster bisque which wasn't as thick as in other places, but the flavor and the mussels added a great deal to the taste, appeal and look.  Then we shared the Brussels sprout salad.  This was a creative little thing.  It came out tall and proud in a shape of a cone over a tight deep fried risotto square.  The smoked salmon roll ups with goat cheese were delightful as well.  I think a little heavy if you have all four.  Our main entrees consisted of one traditional Spanish paella for Curt and a roasted chicken in white wine for me.  Both were well prepared and outstanding again in terms of flavor and presentation.  We pretty much shared our meals for the most part.  It's a tapas restaurant after all.  Finally for dessert we shared the lemon pie and orange flan.  I vote for the orange flan again.  It was creamy and light.  The lemon was just ok in terms of flavor and consistency.  Pros:-The food was fresh, creative, delicious and well presented. -The service was good.  The staff was friendly and personable. -The establishment was clean and lovely.  Its an attractive restaurant. -The menu is easy breezy to understand.  Our overall meal with drinks and tip was $104.00 for two people.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,10/17/2014,23,731,5,6,3>1.) Just to warm you up (after the cigar is lit):Up in smoke has been a place opened for 2 years, so it is a relatively new business. I'm surprised that no one has done a review on this place.2.) What your eyes may see:It's an old house that was renovated. You can see a kitchen in there. Floors are all wood. Everything in that place has been remodeled. They have a room that sells all types of cigars from Nicaragua, Dominican Republic, etc. There is a lounge room with two flat screen TVs, and a ventilation system mounted to the ceiling. There is also a backyard where you can play horseshoes, smoke and they grill food for their members.3.) Product:They have a lot including their own. My favorite, the Oliva Serie O (Nicaraguan blend) is sold. They have great prices there4.) Staff:Owned by Joe (the father) and Anthony (the son). Anthony's wife rolls up cigars for this business. Pretty helpful and nice staff.5.) Extra Info:You don't have to be a member to utilize their smoking room. If you want extra perks, which I never asked, you can become a member by paying $150/year. But if you do not want to be, you can still BYOB and smoke in their lounge for free, provided you purchase a cigar from their store.6.) Impressions:We should do a UYE here.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/16/2014,896,177,3,7,4>Big fan of Farr's!  It's a shame I lived in Manchester all those years and didn't give this family run business the proper support and respect.Now that my boys are into fishing this is always our first stop.  Fishing License? Check!  Tackle and Gear?  Check!  Live Bait?  Check!  Very friendly service and supporting a local small business?  Double check!  Do t let the storefront deter you.  This is a wonderful shop with great folks....
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2014,10/15/2014,11,50,2,5,6>When I think of a place owned by a 'competitive eater' I think quantity over quality. I was wrong. So wrong. The food is delicious, fresh and flavorful. I can't wait to try the new location in Hartford next, we have a few great BBQ options in the area but Bear definitely raised the bar and continues to. Brisket.. Amazing brisket and the side dishes are all great too. Sliced turkey is a nice option too. Love the wings, meaty and juicy. The cornbread is like no other and although not the biggest piece I have seen it it is filling.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/14/2014,78,60,3,8,7>Being a huge fan of seafood and somewhat familiarized with Nix Mate out of Boston I was so happy to hear they were opening a location in Hartford. I was lucky enough to be be invited to the VIP Cocktail event this evening and I was extremely impressed. Beautiful bright open space and chic decor. There's a small but nice space for dancing, and many options for seating. High tables at the bar, a dining area, outside or over-sized couches that give you a lounge feel. The food especially the pan seared scallops (just a sampling) tasted great and drinks were well made. I can see this being a great place for the after work crowd and those who enjoy live music or feel like dancing to the tunes of a DJ. I plan on returning and will update my review if I need to but so far so good. This is definitely another great addition to the Front Street community!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2014,10/13/2014,397,324,7,9,7>Service was A plus!! I'll be back simply because the staff was nice. Just a little background, that evening I went to two other pho establishments prior to coming to Pho Viet. First establishment sat a couple before me because apparently according to them the line starts at the end. Second establishment is apparently closed and moved to Wallingford. Pho Viet is clean and I wouldn't be afraid to take those new to pho. The decor is simple and refreshing.  I appreciate that the staff was extremely accommodating. I can't see any other pho place willing to go the extra mile.  My son was slightly fussy because he wanted his bottle warmed- the staff was eager to assist. Now for the food- the summer rolls are delicious! Yay finally a place that doesn't overstuff wit iceberg.  I'm not saying they didn't use iceberg but rather you can taste the meat and shrimp. Meat was flavorful but not too salty. As for the pho the broth was almost exactly the way I want it. They didn't have any specialty pho like pho Boston but knowing that the establishment was clean and the service was amazing I can go without pho and spicy peanut sauce.  The broth wasn't watered down nor was it drowned in sauce. For those not familiar with the basic pho broth the broth here might appear as if it is missing something. The reality is, it isn't. Most Asians fix their own pho and adjusting a few ingredients here and there according to their preference.  Clean and clear broth- the following day the broth was still clear. That to me is a sign of good pho. The meats were also fresh- no signs of meat from the previous week. One thing that stood out for me was how well they cleaned the bean sprouts. I know first hand how extremely time consuming cleaning bean sprouts can be - well this place provided me with ultra clean sprouts. Garnish was fresh. My only complaint was I would have preferred more in the combination bowl than what was offered. I don't know maybe throw me half a meatball and a few strips of Viet sausages? Overall I will definitely add this as my go to pho place because I know I can expect to be treated with respect.  Great basic start, I'll definitely be grabbing my pho here even if they don't have spicy peanut sauce.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2014,10/12/2014,77,139,9,4,4>I'm updating this review as changes has been made the past 6 months.First glance walking in. All new furniture, classy vibe, beautiful chandeliers in the dining room off to the left. First time sitting here instead of the outside area where everyone tends to migrate to as that is the focal point of the happening bar. Our waiter was great, he made a lot of suggestion and although I've never been impressed by the food here before, he said he was happy to just be bringing the cocktails out all night but that we should give the food another go as it's much better than it used to be. We decided to try the Sesame Ahi Tuna, tacos and burger all of which were really really good to my surprise. Not that the food before has kept me away.. As there is that cool big bar and single friends have been dragging me back often, but I was pleasantly surprised by all the changes with the quality of the food. So the bar is the same as before. Cool Staff.. always remembering my favorite drink and it's a front of me within the seconds I sit Down. Still the same weird crowd though Saturdays so clearly Friday is the time to come.On this note... Ladies!. If you are coming here to meet Mr. Good-Enough-right-now, then please oh please don't come in with packs of 5-6 girls.. you cannot be sitting next to me whining all night how all the cute guys across the bar aren't coming over. You are essentially in this state unapproachable and guys will not have the eggs big enough to come up to you, taking a chance on whether your "debbie-downer" friend won't put down their first attempt at a cool pick up line. Want to score that handsome dude in the pink shirt and nerdy glasses? Come in with the one gf who knows when to split, make eye contact and for the love of God shave your legs :)Parking is still the same nightmare you experience in a plaza full of all cool restaurants.  It's limited parking, a little walk won't kill you.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2014,10/11/2014,36,50,1,3,4>I went here once or twice when I was younger and was always pleased.  Now that I moved back to CT, I was excited to come back again.  I decided to try out their new stylist (this was earlier this year), Will and have been thrilled with the results every time.  He always does an amazing job cutting my hair and even more importantly he always listens really well to what I want and does everything he can to make it happen!  I have since been three times and it is the first place where I have started scheduling my appointments in advance.  Would definitely recommend his services to anyone I meet!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2014,10/10/2014,48,116,5,4,6>I grew up with the burgers, grilled cheeses, and mint chocolate chip sundaes of Kathy John's, which is, sadly, no longer. But with Shady Glen nearby, this is most certainly not a problem. Everything in this old-school little diner sorta place is fantastic, but really, order the cheeseburger if you know what's good for you. There is just no contest. The fried cheese is insane. Of course, get your vegetables in with an order of the French fries, and then reward your bad self with their utterly amazing ice cream (also for sale in containers to go).
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,10/9/2014,151,129,2,8,5>There are only 2 words you need to remember when eating at Camille's: "Billy's Bianco" (pizza). No matter how strange the combination of ingredients may sound, just do it; you'll thank me later. Rated the 3rd best pizza in the greater Hartford area, I couldn't wait to check out Camille's. Additionally, my sister had been here a few times and had rave reviews. So on a rainy July afternoon we decided to check out all the hype with a few of our friends.Camille's is conveniently located off I-84 East, exit 68 in the Big Y plaza. Easy to locate and ample parking is available. The ambience of the restaurant is casual yet chic. Our party dined at a spacious table with a bunch of throw pillows at one end. Other tables resembled picnic tables along with 4 tops with comfy chairs.Now for the food. The pizzas are 14 inches and thin crust so I would say 1 person, on an empty stomach could eat almost 1 alone. With 5 of us in our party, we got 4 and there was not a piece left. We ordered Billy's Bianco, Kale & sausage, Tuscan chicken and the spinach pizza.  The Billy's Bianco was the crowd favorite with spinach coming in a close second. I'm so glad to have found a new, local restaurant that I can't wait to return to time and time again. Highly recommend!!
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/8/2014,80,14,6,7,6>I love Pitaziki because it makes me and my stomach happy! The food is exceptionally seasoned - take the Chicken Shawarma for instance, it's tender and juicy, by far the best I've ever tasted! More than the food though, the staff at Pitaziki treat you as if you're family from the way they greet you when you arrive, remember you (even if it's only your second time visiting), and ensure that your meal is exactly what you want! Their business model gives you the ability to choose your style of order (wrap, pita, salad, or rice bowl), protein (chicken, steak, falafel, or grilled veggies), and toppings (too many to name, but the baba ganoush is to die for), which makes each experience unique and satisfying! Their portion sizes are exceptional, so you definitely won't leave hungry, but because it's HEALTHY, you feel energized after you're done! It's a win-win situation! Pitaziki is my "go-to" place for Mediterranean food in New Haven!
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,10/7/2014,412,837,2,7,9>OMG! I was so ready for more Indian food after reading Saveur magazine's Indian issue. I've been an Indian foodie since my college days in Atlanta in the 80's. I was contemplating going back to Priya where we had our first meal in Connecticut about a year and a half ago. Meanwhile we've been to haveli on the outskirts of Middletown (definitely decent food in a run down yet pleasant rural inn), a downtown Middletown tandoor Indian place with the most awful service, and our local mmmmumbai spice local take out place place which has recently turned into a sit down restaurant. Still no liquor license.  Being an old time yelper from San Francisco I check out the reviews. Friends have told  me about about Bollywood. Great place! So I read some of the complaints. But there is a manager who responds to all the complaints. I am impressed. When folks bitch about the chicken tikka masala being too tomatoey, she explains that that's how it's supposed to be. Not how other local places bastardize Indian dishes to comply to New England palates. Our experience was fantastic. We were greeted by a lovely hostess who sat us immediately upon entering. She turned out to be our server. We had fantastic service. The food (lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala, garlic nan, paratha, pickles, raita) was fantastic. It turns out the hostess and server was the manager and owner. I was able to discuss my personal taste about the food with her. She was an absolute darling. She brought out spices to adjust the dishes to my taste. How rare is that. We will be back! Thanks you, Neha!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2014,10/6/2014,161,14,4,8,4>Do not be surprised if you hear singing coming from the kitchen, as the chef at Jojoto is none other than Chef Neil Fuentes, also known as the "Singing Chef". Neil Fuentes is originally from Venezuela and has blended his passion for food and entertainment. We ordered the Passion Fruit and Jalapeno cocktail and Tamarindo Martini. The passion fruit and jalapeno cocktail was a slightly spicy combination of passion fruit infused vodka and fresh jalapeno. Whereas the Tamarindo Martini was a blend of lime infused vodka, tamarindo, and simple syrup. I highly suggest the Jalapeno Cocktail. It is unique to Jojoto. Just don't eat the jalapeno.For appetizers we tried Chicken stuffed Empanadas, rice and bean Empanadas, and Reina Pepiada Arepa. My favorite was the Chicken Stuffed Empanadas because they are in a flaky and crispy pastry pocket filled with ChickenOne of the dishes we ordered was my favorite: El Pabellon Criollo made with white rice, black beans, shredded beef, and sweet plantainsNot only will you get a true taste of Venezuelan food when you visit Jojoto, you will probably get entertained by the staff as well. The food was hearty and comfortening while layered with flavors.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,10/5/2014,6,99,4,4,3>Went here for a bite with friends and family after going to the Owl Shop.   Hadn't been here in years.... Decided to have one good for you pie and one not so good for you pie... We dubbed them good and evil.  "Good" was the pizza primavera... It was loaded with veggies, including a first for me, carrots.  Yes, carrots on pizza.  Surprisingly good.  "Evil" was the Yorkside Special which had pepperoni, meatballs, bacon, sausage, mushrooms, and onions. It was great!  We had a tomato/basil garlic bread as an app... That was really good too.The pizza isn't your typical thin crust New Haven style pizza, it's more of a Greek style pizza.  It's good for a change every now and again.   Service was quick, friendly, and overall good.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,10/4/2014,3,69,3,4,4>We have only visited for lunch, but have always been very happy with their food and selection. My husband and I used to stop here years ago while riding with motorcycle friends for a trip to Lake Waramaug. Now we stop by to have lunch with our son and enjoy the ambience while eating at the picnic tables. During our most recent visit here we noticed they've done some renovations including fresh paint, picnic tables and a wooden bike rack. The inside is also very quaint with tin ceilings, wooden floors and vintage decor. I would guess there's approximately 7 small tables inside and the deli has an open floor plan (you can see the employees making your food). The bakery case also offers a limited selection of gluten-free goodies. We enjoy returning for lunch because the food is always fresh (which is why they may run out of things by the end of the day), service is consistently friendly and the atmosphere is always clean and neat (including the bathroom). Highly recommended!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/3/2014,63,76,2,5,4>In my experience, most spas fall in one of two categories: 1) the kind that has a fountain and soft music playing and provides you cucumber water and a plush bathrobe and 2) the in-and-out, walk-in, utilitarian places.The first is a place you go to treat yourself to something fancy or for an occasion, the second is more like a fun errand. Or you can look at like the difference between treating yourself to a fancy meal vs a latte or some decent takeout.I say all that to say: Ceci is in the second category, but for that category, it is totally great! They are definitely busy on most weekends and evenings, so occasionally service can be brisk but it is never overly so. I always feel comfortable and they keep the spa very clean. If you have a friend with you, they'll work to service you together as much as possible. For the price, you get a lot of extras - mini-massages, warm towels, paraffin wax treatments, etc.They recently started offering shellac pedicures in addition to shellac manicures and I do find getting the shellac on my toes makes my pedicure last a couple of weeks longer, so it's nice to do for summer.It's definitely worthwhile to join their loyalty program - I only get my nails done sporadically (every 6-8 weeks) and sometimes do it when I am out of town, and I still earn a $10 gift certificate in less than a year (plus you get one for your bday!). Also, they offer a discount if you pay with cash, so hit the ATM before you go.While their business is mostly walk-ins, at busier periods (i.e esp weekends), it does make sense to call ahead and make a reservation, otherwise you may be waiting a while.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,10/2/2014,5,165,3,3,4>YES!! This is the second time my family and I had a party in the hall at this restaurant and it came out STELLAR! This time it was for my mother in law's 60th birthday party. Staff is nice and friendly, the hall is great...nice bar, wooden dance floor, decent size.The staff was very accommodating and helpful all night and also while we were setting up. The food we got was really good. I love their garlic knots!! Everyone had such a great time! I recommend this spot to anyone who wants to have a party for a group of 60 people or less....you will NOT be disappointed!! Thanks to Tony and his staff for making this happen!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,10/1/2014,54,64,3,4,5>Joey Garlic's is my go-to place for take out in the local area. I've only actual eaten at the restaurant once, but it always seems packed!The Gary & Mary Garden pizza is out of this world! Piled high with eggplant, broccoli, spinach, garlic, onions, and red peppers, it is my perfect vegetable pizza. It comes to about $21 with tax for a large, so it isn't the cheapest take out pie around. However, it is so so so very worth it. I could eat pizza for breakfast, lunch, and dinner and this pie tastes good warm or cold the next morning. Their grinders are also a favorite. I usually stick to chicken or eggplant parmesan, but I've heard good things about the veal and meatball. The sandwiches are stuffed to the brim and topped with sauce, gooey mozzarella, and spinach if you like it. Adding the spinach is such a great touch and makes me feel like I'm eating something green with this fried italian meal. To top it all off, the prices for the sandwiches are beyond reasonable and you can easily make 2 people completely full off of one. Yum yum yum.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,9/30/2014,53,66,2,2,3>I had the pleasure of visiting Mei-Tzu last week for the first time for some sushi goodness. I had high hopes based on the reviews I read here and I am happy to say I was not disappointed. My friend and I shared the sushi and sashimi for two. The fish was incredibly fresh and tasted amazing. I loved that it included white tuna, which I haven't seen around the area. If you've never tried it, it has an almost buttery flavor. Amazing! The meal was enough for two people with a hearty appetite and provided a nice amount of variety. I just wish this place did not require a 45 minute drive to get to. Sigh. Such is the life of a country girl.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2014,9/29/2014,132,600,4,5,5>Every time I go to one of the three big "M"s in Simsbury (Mill, Millwrights, Metro Bis), I'm tempted to say that its the best. We loved Metro Bis earlier this spring, then Millwrights. And now I'm back to loving Mill at 2T too.  Fortunately, I don't have to pick a favorite.Our most recent meal hit on nearly all dishes. Went here with a group of six and they served up a leisurely meal (3+ hours) with copious amounts of food, wine, and good cheer.  Service was quite good (water glasses filled, naturally).  But you come here for the food. They've returned to their limited menu and let the ingredients shine. It's more creative than when it first opened, with Asian influences creeping in on this last go around.Each person in our group ordered something different so we really got to see the kitchen at its best.Winners? Bacon with watermelon.  "Buffalo" Pigs ear.  Blue Marlin seared with miso glaze. Pork Chop.  The misses? There was just one real dud in my view. The General Tso's Oxtail was a mess. Hard to eat, hard to get the meat off and didn't have the right balance of flavors.  But I'm ok with the occasional miss with all the other winners.  Oh, and dessert. The donuts remain a standout, though our dining companions loved the chocolate pudding and the zucchini bread too.  So, yes, it's worth the trek.  Mill at 2T remains among my favorites in the area.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2014,9/28/2014,3,10,4,5,5>BEST CAPPUCCINO in New Haven that I've found! I'm not a coffee snob, but it's been hard finding a place that makes a good froth and doesn't completely wash away the espresso with lots of milk. Get an 8oz. here for $3.50.Neat decor and very sweet staff. Indoor seating at bar height and regular height tables, and one table outside. They also sell jugs of their cold brew coffee, which I might need to try sometime.Only regret is that the vegan baked goods I read so much about from other Yelp reviews (and saw in pictures) were lacking. There were lots of croissants ($4 each, kind of steep) and a small pie, but I wanted something more along the lines of scone or muffin or other pastry to eat as I sipped my coffee. Could have just been when I went (it was my first visit), so I'll have to check back.Will definitely come back (frequently) for the delicious cappuccino!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,9/27/2014,69,167,3,4,4>Bend was my first yoga experience ever and I have to say the instructors here made me feel very welcome. Charlie and Michelle were very insightful on the next steps I should take to continue practicing yoga. I was terrified of going in and making a fool of myself but they were very encouraging. The studio is very small, intimate and quaint. Everyone was pretty friendly. They offer a couple of different classes and you sign up online (pretty convenient). I found Bend to have the best deal when it came to new students. They offered two weeks of unlimited classes for $25+tax. Since I paid online I was able to sign up for classes seamlessly. The other yoga studio in Milford offered a buy one get one free class for $16 for new students. Bend definitely had the better deal to really help you get a feel for yoga. Would highly recommend this place.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,9/26/2014,0,7,4,4,6>Fabulous vintage shopping haven at Fashionista. Great selection of truly vintage clothing and a super sweet friendly staff made for a swell shopping experience. Too many "vintage" stores don't have enough vintage clothing...not Fashionista. It was like stepping back in time and finding really cool clothes that fit me.  Definitely check this place out if you love great vintage clothing. I'll be stopping back often. Plus you get a really cool way to carry your stuff out!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/25/2014,7,29,3,6,6>Ginza is a nice little gem to Wethersfield and the strip mall it resides. We were running late and hoping to hit happy hour which runs 4-6pm Mon-Friday. Arriving 5 of 6:00 our kind waiter allowed us to order a happy hour beverage and some edamame to start our dinner right! After sipping on my Sake Tini for a bit we choose a few specialty rolls to share. One yellow tail scallion roll, seasons, ginza chef roll and an angry dragon roll. My favorites were the seasons and the ginza chef roll, unique from other rolls I've had at other places. Overall the restaurant was clean and welcoming. The staff was very friendly and spoke English. For a Monday night this place was pretty busy. I was able to use my yelp coupon with happy hour specials too, some places are particular about that!  I'm excited to go back for a full happy hour!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2014,9/24/2014,124,214,4,5,6>Listen, if it's a fad or not - I don't care. Cupcakes FOREVAHHHH. What's better than a serving sized slice of a savory, sweet in a pretty little package? Everything from the appearance of the shop, the efficiency of the employees to the presentation of the cupcakes and sweets here is pure perfection. Prices are extremely fair for what you get. We opt for 6/$15. This includes stuffed cupcakes, they're larger than some competition in the area, and the quality is second to none. My biggest appreciation for Sugar, comes from their selection. Although vast, they keep it relatively simple - they have your standard go tos, like vanilla, chocolate, cannoli. But they also add fun twists without trying to hard (I'm looking at you NoRa) - Boston cream, cookie dough..  Different for a cupcake but not flavors, herbs, that you've never heard of.My only gripe would be that they have so many rotating flavors you don't know what will be here until you get here. They update their Facebook but for their cupcake truck, not the brick and mortar, the flagship. So I gotta pull a star. I really wanted chocolate chili but had no idea if would be here or not.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/23/2014,6,24,3,4,4>I first heard about this place from my sister. She let me try some leftover lobster macaroni-(delicious!) so I knew I wanted to come here eventually. I finally came for happy hour and this place is just great. The margaritas were strong but worth it, the fried calamari was yummy, the onion rings and chipotle chicken tenders were on point.  The time of the food being served was within a reasonable time frame. The decor of the restaurant is nice. The only negative comment I have is that there didn't seem to be enough staff. The waitress I had was also the bartender so it took a while for my table to close the check. Overall, I will be sure to visit again and recommend others to check this place out.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,9/22/2014,35,91,2,8,2>Supreme--that's Cake Gypsy.  Cupcakes and service are among the best around at this great bakery, tucked into a village of quaint shops.For fantastic, light, delicious, moist, and fresh cupcakes, this is the place to go!!  I absolutely love Cake Gypsy!!  If you haven't visited this bakery yet, then you really have to.Our first visit here made a positive and lasting impression on my friend and I.  We got seven different cupcake flavors, and each was just as tasty and fantastic as the last.  We got the key lime pie, salted caramel [topped with a homemade salted caramel candy], hot fudge sundae, ebony & ivory [topped with a dark chocolate fan], red velvet, lemon coconut, and chocolate lover.  Each cupcake had perfect texture and lightness.  They were light, with a perfect sweetness, not overwhelming in flavor, and left no aftertaste or regret over eating them.  The key lime pie was a particular favorite!!  It's key lime flavored cake was absolutely perfect, with a light and refreshing taste, enough lime but not too much, and the tart lime taste was complimented perfectly by a light, sweet buttercream with crushed graham crackers sprinkled around the top.  SO.  GOOD.  It's the perfect summertime cake!!  The chocolate cupcakes were just as delicious, too.  The chocolate flavor was not overwhelming in the least, as I'm a fan of chocolate but not too much of it.  Oh, and the hot fudge sundae cupcake?  It tastes just like a hot fudge sundae when you bite into the chocolate cake, sweet vanilla buttercream frosting, topped with sprinkles, chocolate ganache, and a cherry!!  YUM!!  Also, the frostings of each cake are light like the cupcakes in both texture and sweetness.  [My mouth is watering as I write!]These cakes were fantastic in every way--flavor, texture, and whatever else a cupcake entails!!The prices at this great bakery are very, very reasonable, particularly for extremely fresh treats and good ingredients, mixed with good service when you get them.  You get a perfectly sized cake, with the right proportion of cake to frosting.The staff at Cake Gypsy is just as excellent as its cupcakes.  They are hardworking, efficient, very friendly, and very helpful.  The staff member that helped me and my pick out our flavors was very patient, letting us take our time (since there were so many choices!), and told us how many we had to go to fill our box.  We didn't feel rushed at all.  We decided to get one last flavor after we had already paid for our half dozen, and the staff member giggled as I apologized for making her go back to the cupcake display, and was really sweet as a cupcake.  When the number of cupcakes in a particular flavor was running low, the staff members noted it and one went back into the kitchen to make more.  I asked if they keep churning out cupcakes all day, and the staff member said they do constantly--and I can see why!!  Great taste, texture, and a high turnover keep the ovens on high and the bakers mixing!!Additionally, the shop now also offers over 50 flavors of soft serve ice cream and milkshakes; however, I don't think I'll be able to stray from its cupcakes.  You can also dine in the shop at a small window bar, with cute and colorful disk swivel chairs with foot rests, along its big window at the front of the bakery.  Right next to it is a shelf/bar with various condiments and utensils for your use to enjoy their goods.Cake Gypsy is now one of my favorite places to go for cupcakes.  Outstanding cupcakes and service, in a bakery that's open all week.  You have to know it's there, but once you find it, you'll keep going back.  I like sweets, mainly milkshakes, but now cupcakes has jumped back up towards the top of my favorites, all thanks to Cake Gypsy!!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,9/21/2014,76,88,5,4,4>This little gem has been open in Wethersfield since 1982 and I have been coming here since it opened as a kid with my parents and now with my husband as most residents of this town.  It is now in it's second generation of ownership operated by the daughter & her husband.  You will still find her father in the back helping prepare all the food from scratch. No frozen chicken cutlets here!  The family uses the left over grinder rolls to make homemade breadcrumbs for the chicken breasts that they make into chicken cutlets, which they make fresh on a daily basis.   No short cuts here only quality ingredients.  I hear a lot of people make comments that some place they go to makes the best chicken cutlet grinders, but obviously they haven't made it to Wethersfield Pizza yet....once they have they always change their minds.They make Hugh meatballs too! And a really good eggplant cutlet. You can get them just with sauce, with some pasta or on a grinder...hey they will even put them on a pizza too. These grinders are so Huge you almost have to dislocate your jaw to get your mouth around them.  Because of this I usually end up pulling a couple chicken cutlets off my grinder and make chicken parmigiana two days later....but hey I'm not complaining.When you walk in the door here its like your walking into your Italian families home.  They remember their customers and you usually are greeted with a loud friendly HELLO!Yes, if you love overstuffed grinders this is the place.  Order the half.... you'll be lucky if you finish it.  They also make a simple pan style pizza, some nice salads with a homemaid dressing &  some simple italian pasta meals.....but, most people you see coming in order the grinders...you can't go wrong.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,9/20/2014,48,120,1,6,3>It takes a lot for me to give a five star review, and I am notoriously critical of places that offer a variety of beauty services, but after half a dozen trips to Red Carpet Nails & Spa I am not only convinced it is the best nail salon in the area hands down (pun intended!) but certainly one of the best nail salons I have ever been to. Every technician I have had the pleasure of receiving has been professional, polite, and very good at their job.  My gel manicure, eyebrow wax, and spa pedicures of several varieties have been top notch.  Every service comes complete with lengthy massages (sometimes from more than one staff member!) and top quality products.  Everything is extremely clean, the cleanest I have ever experienced.  Each pedicure, for example, uses individually packaged soak, scrub, and lotion so there are no huge, sloppy, community bottles slopping around the floor.  If you like to have your own tools, they do offer a "box" service, which is neatly tucked away so as to not be unsightly.  The space is very open and bright, there is not even a trace of bad chemical smell, and they boast several huge plasma screen TVs playing a variety of movies. Even the massage chairs were above the normal quality!There is a delightful selection of regular and gel colors, as well as several design options available for those who want a more creative flair.  The place has been full every time I've come in, but I have never had to wait more than five minutes- they have ample staff, both male and female, and someone is always there to greet you immediately and ask what you need- no awkwardly hanging around the door waiting for someone to look up at you an whisper, "can I help you" through their face mask.  Overall, it is a very up-scale, expensive feeling salon with reasonable prices and a very nice staff! There is nowhere else I would even consider going for the care and maintenance of my hands and feet!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,9/19/2014,118,153,5,7,6>So glad I finally came here.  It's true - it's the best latte in CT. Steamed milk was wonderfully velvety instead of just foamy,  espresso flavor was wonderful,  and it was served in a large latte mug.  I'm also a fan of latte art (partly because it's cool,  partly because it only works if the milk is steamed properly), and there was a heart done in mine.  There is free WiFi and a number of small tables to sit at.  I spent about an hour catching up on emails and found it very pleasant.  I'll definitely be back to sip on coffee and do some work.  I also tried the breakfast sandwich,  which was good.Update: the scones are fantastic.  The cranberry orange is easily my favorite.  I tried the cold brew after seeing Anna E. post about it, and it's fantastic- bold, smooth and refreshing.  I prefer milk in my coffee instead of cream,  and they were nice enough to give me some from behind the counter since only cream is left out. This place continues to impress.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,9/18/2014,108,203,3,6,5>My fellow Yelpers have led me to yet another gem! Pick & Mix was an excellent choice for my first taste of Korean food and on a gray, rainy April evening, nothing warmed us up more than a steaming bowl of bibimbap. The gentleman owner behind the counter was very friendly as we placed our order. Both Kirstin and I had a bowl (spicy chicken for me, and it is def spicy! ) and we shared steamed pork dumplings. Kirstin commented that the dumplings were the freshest tasting she's ever had and I'd have to agree. I also ordered the bulgogi to share and bring home to Matthew--I wish I had ordered this all for myself! This has such an amazing flavor, it's addicting. It is taking all of my willpower to not eat the leftovers in the fridge right now! Flavorful, filling and nicely priced. .. what are you waiting for?! I will definitely return!
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,9/17/2014,57,138,4,6,6>We started a lunch club at work with a few coworkers...mission: to have some fun and try new restaurants. I have been craving Spanish food for the longest time!! So I was pleased when we had our first lunch at Negrita's today.A little hole in the wall place in New Britain, you can barely see the restaurant name past the huge tree in front of the restaurant. Waking inside, you get the strong feeling that the space used to be occupied by a Subway...same booths and layout. Seating is limited and booths only hold two people so if you're with a group, prepare to split up or take your food elsewhere to eat. Nothing is labeled and there are no menus, just a menu board up on the wall. I was not very adventurous on my first trip, but ordered yellow rice and beans with 1/4 rotisserie chicken. I also ordered one of those fried mashed potato balls with meat inside. No idea what it's called but I've always loved them. Another coworker also ordered the chicken, one got spare ribs, and one just got rice, beans and plantains. I really wish I had gotten some plantains!!!! My food was reasonable at $8.95 for the meal, the mashed potato ball and a bottle of water. I definitely have enough leftover for another meal.The chicken was moist inside but the skin was crispy. Perfect! The yellow rice and beans were fabulous. It's a perfect spot for a quick lunch because you don't have to wait long. I will definitely be back to try some of the other meats and the  bacalaitos...curious to see how they compare to my Italian grandmother's codfish fritters that she makes every Christmas!!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2014,9/16/2014,79,188,3,5,5>I'll be the first to admit that my knowledge of wine is less than minimal. I know that red stains are impossible to get out if you don't deal with the problem right away. So, if you want a hoity-toity type of review, skip over this one. I was struck by the options of where to enjoy: inside (bar, open area, by fireplace), on the porch, or on the lawn, right next to the grapes. This is a beautiful, scenic spot...a great place to just relax. Everything else could have gone horribly wrong, but they'd still have a couple stars for the view alone. It was busy, but that staff seemed to be holding it down just fine for the wine tasting. I had a glass of the apple wine-- it smells too sweet, but the taste more mellow. I'll be back for a bottle of that. I don't have any pretentious ideas about what a vineyard is supposed to be like. Everyone was chill, the scenery is great, and the wine went down easy. That's good enough for me.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,9/15/2014,119,143,4,6,6>Update!  After a few hours at the Mansfield Drive in Flea Market me and my mom popped in (Mother's Day again) for lunch.  This time I had the Bidwell Tavern Melt...listen to this: A mixture of ground beef, pastrami and shredded pork topped with sautéed onions, swiss cheese and russian dressing. served on grilled rye.  Good lordy lou.  This is a burger I will never forget.  It was so flavorful and I would definitely order it again.My mom had the buffalo chicken sliders which were delightfully tasty and we loved the fresh, french roll they were served on.  One suggestion for the Bidwell, it would be SUPER COOL if they could flex a bit on the sliders and let you pick which you'd like of the 4 that they offer.  I would've had one of each but they only give you 4 of the same (and the choices are decent: buffalo chicken, cheeseburger, roast beef and pulled pork.  See ya next Mother's Day (if not sooner).
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2014,9/14/2014,1,10,4,5,4>I love this yarn store!  They have a huge selection of yarns, really helpful staff and they offer classes at reasonable rates on comfy couches with a nice conversation flow.  It always feels so warm, inviting and relaxing in here that I could just meander for a while!  It's a small place but it's jam packed with amazing stuff.  In addition to yarn, they also sell crochet hooks, knitting needles, specialty buttons, patterns and anything else you need to make a beautiful keepsake.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,9/13/2014,62,151,1,6,7>Those of you who know me, know that I value customer service and experience almost as highly as food quality when dining out. I was recently re-introduced to Rizzuto's during a yelp elite event after about a 3 year hiatus. Somehow, even as a West Hartford resident, it fell off my radar. I will have to apologize to them for this because when I went back with my husband after the (spectacular) yelp event, they blew me out of the water in both of those areas. Ive come to expect a pretty high level of service and good food from almost all restaurants in and around Blue Back Square, but Rizzuto's really stood out. I'll start with food and preface this by saying the only reason i didnt give them "5-stars" yet, is because I want to go back for a full meal. We only did happy hour drinks and small plates. My husband got the sliders - two mini-burgers that were perfectly cooked and seasoned. For such litle burgers, they packed a lot of juicy flavor, came with onion stick fries, and a deli pickle. I got the flatbread with a sweet a spicy fig-bbq sauce. It has chicken, caramelized onions, and some cherry peppers. Spicy, but not too hot, and really delicious. The fig adds a nice element to what otherwise might be a standard BBQ sauce. Both were a great size for $5. It also came with home-made semolina bread and marinara for dipping--- delish.Now service: this is where they really got me. Our waitor, Taufiqul, was outstanding (he also worked the yelp event i had been to prior). Polite, warm, friendly, well-spoken, knowledgable... he was all of that. You got the feeling that he genuinely cared about your dining experiene and would have gone out of his way to make sure it was the very best. What impressed us most, was actually over hearing him talk to the table next to us. They were new in town (had just moved) and this was their first time at Rizzuto's. Taufiqul thanked them for choosing the resturant, welcomed them to town, gave recommendations, and really set an amazing tone. After he left the table, the couple looked at each other, commenting on his professional and friendly personality. I feel like diners really appreciate that, i know we do.Thanks to our wonderful happy hour experience, we cant wait to go back for a full meal!
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,9/12/2014,27,103,3,6,5>I really like it here.  I walked in and was immediately brought back to the old school Howard Johnson's feel of this place.  We went for dinner and the restaurant was about half full.  I can totally understand the frustration that folks are having with breakfast because it sounds like you're waiting an awfully long time to sit and eat.  While I definitely want to try for breakfast I will probably wait a good year for the hype to die down.  However, for dinner on a Wednesday, we sat right away.  I was shocked at the extensiveness of the menu - both food and cocktails.  The wine menu is damn near impossible to understand and needs to be reformatted.  There are four categories of wine, each available in three different sizes, some on tap and some not.  You can also get full bottles in two separate spots.  It's just confusing.  The local beer menu is impressive but these days it's becoming a requirement to offer more local beer than mass produced beer.  I like this trend and I'm glad Blue Plate is on board.  So for food - we ordered the baked scrod and the vegetable hash.  The scrod has an Italian twist and is served on a bed of green beans with a couple heirloom carrots and potatoes.  Very good value for the portion.  The hash is enough to feed three people.  I didn't get any additional protein on it but they offer you chicken, eggs, or tofu.  They serve this hash on the breakfast menu too - I highly recommend it.  The beets do a fine job of making the entire dish red but the flavor is right on and the veggies were not overcooked in the least.  For $14 I was happy that I had a plate full of veggies that I didn't have to peel, chop, or roast.  We were too full for dessert but it all sounded delicious.  The table next to us ordered the frozen coconut pie with chocolate sauce.  It was by far the largest dessert I've ever seen.  No less than 7 people stopped at their table to look at it.  So - save room for dessert!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,9/11/2014,48,117,3,7,4>I used to hang out here many years ago, when it was, quite literally, a hang-out...dark dusty room, stained bar, juke box and dart board. WOW how things have changed!It was the perfect night for eating out on the patio, so we joined some friends for the evening. Our server was knowledgeable and accurate. The menu boasted of traditional cafe items such as wings,sandwiches, burgers and grilled items...but also had a large variety of salads, sauteed dishes and Italian cuisine. There was, quite literally, something for everyone.We shared fried calamari for starters - very passable, crisp little bits. My wife enjoyed a burger, while I feasted on a grilled ruben, which was made with plenty of tender, thin-sliced corned beef on thick rye bread, with Swiss cheese, and what I would describe as a "gourmet" Russian dressing...dark in color, and bold in flavor. All together, the sandwich was very tasty, and very satisfying.One of our friends had a salad with grilled steak, and other with grilled shrimp. They did forget to put the shrimp on his salad, but were there within 2 minutes with a plate of freshly sauteed shrimp, and placed it respectfully on top of his greens.We didn't have room for dessert, but after a meal like this, I wouldn't want to spoil the afterglow anyway. That, the friends, and the IPAs made for a wonderful night out.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2014,9/10/2014,14,106,3,5,5>As a huge lover of breakfast diners, I have no idea how I got by for so long living in Manchester without even knowing this place existed.  My friend asked if I wanted to go here and I looked at her like she had three heads because I couldn't believe that I'd never heard of it.We ended up going and I was pleasantly surprised.  It has somewhat (not quite) similar feel to the old school breakfast diners I'm used to back home in Worcester.  We got there kind of close to closing but the staff was still very accommodating.  I ordered the breakfast quesadilla which was amazing.  Cheese, eggs, and other breakfast sorts of things with guac, sour cream, and salsa (which I of course combined into one bangin' sauce).Now that I know about it there's going to be some stiff competition in my Manchester breakfast diner selection, so I'm sure I'll end up here again in the near future.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,9/9/2014,9,34,3,4,4>We visited my husband's old stomping grounds this morning. We decided to start off with breakfast at Cristy's. Bring your appetite. They have huge plates with gigantic portions!Cristy's makes their hash from scratch. If you like hash, it's worth a try. They have small and large pieces of both meat and potato. Neither my husband or I Had to add any seasoning, that's saying a lot!They have about 20 different pancake flavors to choose from. We couldn't leave without sampling at least one. They're as big as the plate, fluffy and tasty!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,9/8/2014,312,447,9,17,12>I've had good BBQ in Connecticut but Bear's is king.  I first had a taste of their incredible pulled pork at an event several months ago and declared it the best pulled pork I had ever had.  I wasn't exaggerating.  I went to the Windsor location shortly thereafter and enjoyed more fantastic pulled pork among other delicious menu offerings.  I came to this brand new Hartford location for lunch yesterday (open for less than a week) and Bear's does it again.  Mindblowingly good BBQ that I am still thinking about the day after.  The Hartford space is vastly different than the Windsor location.  While the current Windsor location (construction is underway for a new and larger location in Windsor opening in the near future) is fine but looks outdated and lacks ambience, this location is new and clean with a rustic modern feel brought on by the presence of steel and wood.  The masculine energy is strong.  It's much larger, spacious, airy even, with a loft-like second level. Decor is simple but tasteful. I loved it.Whenever I'm at Bear's I always think about trying something other than pulled pork, like brisket, burnt ends, chicken...but I also know that I would regret not getting pulled pork so that's what I always happily end up with.  For the two sides I chose mac and cheese and broccoli salad.  The mac and cheese is different here than at Windsor.  Windsor uses elbows and had slightly cheesier and thinner sauce, here they use spirals with a thicker more mild sauce, but both are great.  I foresee choosing two sides to be a difficult task in the future as I have loved all the ones I've tried so far (the two mentioned here and the Smoked BBQ beans) and I still have yet to try the mashed sweet potato or the hand cut fries.  The cornbread was excellent as ever.  Best, best cornbread. By the time I had arrived for lunch around 2pm they had sold out of the pecan pie and peach cobbler for dessert, but had apple crisp.  The apple crisp is phenomenal.  There are few things I make that I believe to be boastworthy, but my apple crisp is one of them.  Bear's is as good if not better.  I was completely blown away when I heated it up a bit and paired it with vanilla bean ice cream after I got home.  They're currently working on having whipped cream and/or ice cream to pair with their desserts in the restaurant.Another thing they're working on at this time is the parking situation.  They're working with with the garage across the street to be able to validate parking in the future, but until all that is sorted out patrons will have to pay to park in the garage.  For now customers who pay to to park in the garage can receive a beverage on the house (just bring your ticket with you).  Just yesterday Arch Street Tavern, right next door, put up an unfriendly/unneighborly sign in their parking lot stating, "Arch Street Tavern Parking ONLY, NOT BEARS".  Not nice.Lastly, the customer service here is top-notch.  Every employee I encountered was pleasant and helpful.  One is example: they had run out of forks when I went up to get one.  I notified an employee and she brought me one after refilling the dispenser (it worked better than using a spoon for pulled pork).  When I thanked her she replied with a genuine smile, "No problem.  It's my job." Also, the owner was there greeting everyone who came through the door and making sure everyone had a positive experience.I love Bear's.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2014,9/7/2014,173,343,3,4,7>Saybrook Fish House is literally in my back yard but for some reason it's been a few years since I have patronized this establishment.  I always drive by it on the way to do errands on the Silas Deane Highway and think to myself - "Self -  remember the last time you and Mark were hear and what an awesome dinner you had (clam strips and sweet potato fries).So I did what any good Yelper would do before writing a review about a place they had not been too in a while and went back before composing my review. :)  Tough work I know.And what can I say - the food was just as I remembered it  From the family style salad served with your choice of two house made dressings to the fruit basket served at the end of the meal (and which Mark C and I ALWAYS have to bring home) - this cozy and well worn restaurant has never disappointed my palette.  I am not normally a creature of habit - I am the type of person whom always wants to try something new BUT this is a place where I get the same thing EVERY SINGLE TIME - fried whole belly clam strips with sweet potato fries. I have always been greeted with tender and succulent whole belly clams that are complimented by crisp sweet potato fries.  It is my version of seafood comfort.Some have written that it is a bit pricey and to retro but I have to disagree. Yes - its' one of the last "soup to nuts" restaurants in the area and Yes - the decor is well worn but sometimes the best food is served in the most unpretentious settings.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,9/6/2014,803,1274,18,20,25>If you're driving down Route 66 in this neck of the woods, be prepared for two incredible sights -painted rocks that look like living creatures!This one is near the intersection of West Main (Rt 66) and Stone House Road. It's a gorgeous rendition of a bald eagle.This beautifully painted rock outcropping has seen various lives as a whale, a shark, a frog, and a turtle. In 1989, a high school student repainted it as an eagle, and its lived on as an eagle ever since.Over the years, it gets repainted every once in a while and the year it was touched up is also painted under the eagle's beak.This is a freaking gem !!!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,9/5/2014,1689,2881,3,7,5>This is definitely one of my favorite places to go out in Glastonbury.They have an amazingly large and tasty menu for both food and drink. They also have a lot of seating, including some fun spots outside, which overlook Glastonbury Blvd.The lobster taco and steak salad were both really delectable, and they did not skimp on the size. And, hec, the garlic breadsticks that come to each table were also quite yummy.I'm looking forward to more fun and tasty times here.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,9/4/2014,43,182,1,3,5>This place is the absolute best if you are looking to get Jamaican patties in Hartford.  Every single time I try another place, I end up wishing I had gone to Scott's!  The beef patties are always fresh with a flakey crust and piping hot filling.  In addition to that, the beef has a bit of a spice/zip that makes it absolutely delicious.  Also, for being on Albany Ave, this place is pretty convenient due to the fact that they have a parking lot beside the building's entrance.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,9/3/2014,88,118,3,8,5>If you don't get the salad bar at Dakota, you're doing it wrong. I stopped in for a light dinner with my mom, after an evening of shopping. Dakota was packed, and after waiting six full minutes for the host to return to her station, we chose to sit in the bar area. Service from then on was just lovely.My mom and I both chose the salad bar as our main entree, and found out it came with a side dish, which was pretty cool. She ordered rice pilaf, and I ordered mashed potatoes. Both side dishes were nothing to write home about, but pretty good. Next time I think I'll choose the baked potato option. We were also served a basket of very earthy bread, that was also fine, but a little dry. The salad bar was really the star here. All the usual suspects were present, plus many different cold pasta and veggie salads, and creative additions like marinated beets and marinated artichokes. They also offer a myriad of nuts, seeds, croutons, dried fruit, and a variety of dressings top it all off. As a vegetarian, I was pleased to find many different protein sources, from peas, to beans, to eggs, that made it possible for my salad to be a complete meal. Nice job on that one, Dakota. I look forward to visiting Dakota's glorious salad bar again, as they really nailed it from every perspective.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,9/2/2014,106,332,2,4,3>So here's the deal with this place: 100% recommend!From the road its nothing to look at and if I was hungry it would not catch my eye as a place for good food.....but You would be totally wrong!!!!The food here is AMAZING!!!I will agree the layout is very sports bar like with some booths, but mostly high top tables, pool tables and games.the back has an outside patio that once the weather breaks looks like a good time with tvs and an outside bar. When we came in, we were immediately welcomed by the bartender and owner. Very nice. Service was great, good local brews on tap.We ended up having the steak and cheese egg rolls, which by the way, all the food is made for scratch! My only comment on those would be to add a little more cheese to eliminate any possible dryness from the steak. Over all though they are a 4 star.What brought us there was the "crispy ribs" I saw on the yelp page. These were awesome! Crunchy ribs that fall off the bone glazed with a sort of Asian General Tao sauce. Soooo good. Very large portion as well.I ordered the special  buffalo chicken sandwich. Just to give you the idea,look at the photo ! Huge portion, with lettuce tomato, cherry peppers and potato roll... This chef knows what he is doing! The bun can make or break a sandwich, and this made it! Awesome!!!Lauren had the marinated steak tip salad and was very happy.Not only did the bartender come over to ensure our satisfaction, but so did the owner/chef. I so look forward to to returning! Overall, great place
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,9/1/2014,35,78,3,4,4>I've lived in DC and Oakland, so I'm used to having several Ethiopian joints to choose from. Lalibela is good, but I wish it had a little more competition.I'm grateful that this is one of the few places in NHV with a wide array of options for my vegan loved ones. Ordering a combo with a few friends means you can try pretty much everything on the veg side of the menu. The yemisir wat are deliciously sour and spicy. I love the fosolia, the mild and vaguely sweet green bean / carrot / onion combo. The cabbage was a favorite among friends, as were the potatoes. I'm less enthusiastic about the collard greens. Portions aren't small, but I've barely had leftovers both visits. When you venture off the veggie menu, it's frustrating that some of the most desirable options -- the kitfo, gored gored and tibs -- aren't eligible for the combo. It's kind of the point to share, but it means you have to sacrifice in order to do so. As mentioned in other reviews, I also wish you didn't have to pay for extra injera. Service is fine -- probably the most prompt of any Ethiopian restaurant I've been to.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,8/31/2014,27,136,3,7,5>This has become our new go-to supermarket, replacing Stop and Shop, Whole Foods, and Trader Joe's.  It's perfectly situated on the way back home. I've always found on-street or free validated parking. Not having to go out to Milford saves time and gas, which makes up for the slightly higher prices.This place has everything we want: raw milk, good selection of cheeses, bulk foods, good bread, and lots of fresh, organic vegetables. We've become members and the regular discounts and cash-back on our co-op membership has meant we'll make our membership back in a year or so. Happy to support a community-based business, even if it means some of the staff have some rough edges.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,8/30/2014,21,143,4,4,4>I happened upon this little place, and it was great! It's a wonderful spot for lunch or an afternoon sweet. Their grilled cheeses are fantastic! I had the artichoke on sourdough, and it was very good and filling. I finished up with a cupcake, but it just wasn't doing it for me. The frosting was a little too sweet for my taste, and the cake was a little dry. If I was really craving a cupcake, though, it would have been great. Of note, their chairs on the patio were fantastic. They looked weird, but they were probably the most comfortable lawn chair I've ever sat in.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2014,8/29/2014,294,114,4,6,5>I get worried when I go to any old package store because they may not have what I'm thirsty for, but Maximum has it all, seriously! The nicest store I've ever been to, with the most educated staff. I've thought about buying some of their pre-wrapped baskets for gifts (wine&beer) but end up with a few suggested bottles of bubbly, wine, or 6-packs from their *beer and wine specialists*I could spend an hour inside trying to figure out what to get, or what new to try, but there are so many options it's almost impossible. Staff is happy to help you choose! Knowing where exactly everything is so you're not wasting your time (especially if you're in the 10-minute parking spaces).From what I saw you can even take part in wine-tasings, and get anything from the classics, to some of the best, most expensive bottles around.They even have accessories for sale, shakers, mixing bitters, juices, etc but don't even try to come inside if you're not 21+ they are extremely professional, and I know many university of Hartford students that had fake ID's taken on the spot!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,8/28/2014,80,717,5,3,3>I don't think I've ever seen three distinct dining options like this in a single establishment.- The old fashioned "grab a slice at the counter and park yourself at a plastic table."- Booth seating with waiter service in the dining room.- The "Bella'Gio room," with the full bar experience, televisions, bar stool seating, and lights turned low...We opted for the first of the three, being super hungry and in need of a fast meal. The tomato-basil pizza was very good, made better with the basil-flavored olive oil on the table. Now there's something proper to dip your pizza crust into [these gabbagools and their ranch dressing!]...It's Berlin, so one can't reasonably expect the most delectable pizza one has ever had, but they clearly know what they're doing here... it's high quality for sure. In addition to the pizza, they serve some very nice looking Italian entrees and sandwiches, as one might expect.Online and circular coupons will keep us coming back.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,8/27/2014,40,227,5,4,3>I got take-out from NY Chicken & Biscuits recently, and I felt bad for everyone around me, as the aroma is drool inducing.  The taste was just as good.  I bought the 4 piece, as I was really hungry and didn't know how much I'd really be getting.  Ultimately I would have been fine with just three, but I ate all four anyway and was rather stuffed.  Threw away almost half of the fries as I just didn't have room, and the chicken was the star anyway.  The fries were OK, but I like mine done a little more.  The chicken, however, was super moist.  Probably a tad greasy for some, but if you're worried about that kind of thing you should probably be avoiding fried chicken anyway.  My only complaint would be that the hot sauce they serve wasn't very good. I'll plan on supplying my own until they replace it with something else (e.g. Frank's).  The ketchup was OK (Hunt's), but comes in packets that seemed even smaller than usual. I asked for extra and still went through all of them.  I'm also a ketchup glutton, however, so YMMV.  TL:DR - Delicious fried chicken, bring your own hot sauce, definitely a take-out place (didn't have the tables in that one picture set up when I was there). I know I'll be back when I'm in the neighborhood.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,8/26/2014,62,192,5,9,4>This is truly the place for people who love their dogs. From award-winning training to competitively-priced, top-shelf food, pet-healthy toys, cleaning products, fresh-baked treats and every accessory a dog lover could ever need, Dogology has it all!Why give Petco your hard-earned pet dollars when you could support a great local business that really CARES about you and your dog? Dogology is a labor of love, and it really shows.Sure, it's kind of a yuppie store in kind of a yuppie plaza in kind of a yuppie area, but if you have the extra money to spend on your dog, this is the place to do it. I've never been to a pet store with people that are so engaging, interesting, helpful and knowledgeable as I have here.Go! Now!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,8/25/2014,137,197,9,7,8>I could exist soley on lobster rolls. They're easily my favorite food, and Lobster Shack makes some of the best rolls I've ever had. Their weekday hours kind of suck, which is probably a good thing otherwise I'd be broke. Happy, but broke. The name sums it up perfectly, it's a perfect, no frills, New England, lobster shack. They serve lobster rolls, clams, chowder, hot dogs, sausage and peppers, and ice cream. What more could you ask for on a hot summer day? My answer is absolutely nothing! Except wine. I always want wine. But it's BYOB, so they have that, too. I can't get down with reviewers complaining that their menu is limited. C'mon people, it's called Lobster Shack! If the name alone didn't give it away for you let's use context clues. They're a trailer in the middle of a parking lot that's open three months out of the year, what were you expecting? Bacon wrapped pan seared scallops? A martini? Someone to put a white napkin on your lap and push your chair in? Get real. You'll probably get splinters on your ass from the picnic bench and your napkin will likely blow away four times midmeal. But it's completely worth it! Anyway. It doesn't get any better than this. I'd suggest some clams, a lobster roll with lemon instead of butter (amazing!), and a Foxon Park. All while you sit on the water and watch boats go by..it just doesn't get any better than that in the summer.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,8/24/2014,138,275,4,7,5>I went to Burtons Grill twice in one week and loved it both times.First time I went was with my mom after a failed mission to get a MOB dress for my upcoming wedding.  Since it was a Wednesday evening and the night before my birthday, my mother wanted to treat me to dinner.Both of us ordered the salmon cakes with basmati rice and arugula from the lighter fare menu and split a side salad.  Our waitress was very considerate and put the salad on two separate plates.  The salmon cakes were very yummy and surprisingly very filling considering it was considering a smaller plate.  My mother, who can be sometimes very fussy at restaurants, loved her plate as well and commented that the ingredients were very fresh.  Luckily that night, the weather was perfect and we dined outside.Second time I went was with my friends for my birthday.  I had ordered the blood orange margarita and it was divine!  The service was perfect both times and the bar was very comfortable with a group of friends.This is a place to stop after a shopping trip at either Evergreen Walk or Buckland Hills Mall.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,8/23/2014,88,225,3,5,4>Thali in New Haven/New Canaan is my favorite Indian restaurant in the state next to the Coromandel restaurants, and these restaurants are the best Indian restaurants I've been to anywhere. That includes NYC.The only negative at Thali that they don't offer a daily lunch buffet. That said, they TOTALLY make up for it on Sundays. That buffet may be the singular best Indian buffet in the state. Just incredible and a wonderful assortment. It's pricey relative to most cheap-o buffets, but worth every penny. The one area Thali is superior to every other Indian restaurant I've ever been to is the meat. The chicken in every dish is so perfectly marinated and tender, with tons of flavor.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,8/22/2014,125,121,3,5,4>Really, really happy that I was introduced to Flatbread Company via a Yelp Elite Event. Otherwise, I may never have ventured out to Canton to discover this great place.First off, this place completely changed my expectation of what a flatbread is. I always envisioned flatbread as a thick, mealy, pita bread. I never expected it to be this crispy, golden, wood oven-fired disc of goodness! I think I got to try the chicken fajita, Southwestern, and mushroom/onion pizzas. Every one of them was delicious, but my favorite was probably the chicken fajita one.You can taste how fresh and full of flavor the organic ingredients really are. I will ALWAYS support companies that source locally. I was happy to hear that they make gluten-free pizza, which I would like to try next time. You can tell by the pep in their step and the twinkle in their eye when they describe their pizzas. that the employees are passionate about what they do.Also had a chance to chat with fellow Yelper Dan R. and his wife. What a fabulous couple!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,8/21/2014,250,122,,9,3>Never a dull moment at Utsav!I've been visiting their weekend buffets lately and it's honestly too good of a deal to pass up. Anthony and his impeccable staff start you off with chicken tandoori. Served over a bed of onions and peppers, its delivered over a sizzling iron plate. Accompanied with a plate of dosa (Indian-style crepes) and a basket of naan, you'd be hard pressed not to fill up on these bad boys, they're just that good.With a bevy of options you can't go wrong with trying a little bit of everything here and that's what I really like about Utsav. From the appetizers to the entree selection, there is always a healthy assortment of dishes to please both vegetarians AND carnivores. Be it their crispy calamari and savory paneer or creamy khorma and filling briyani - the weekend buffets can be an excellent introduction to Indian cuisine. In addition to the to buffet stations, there is also a salad bar that includes many popular South Indian dishes as well as some dessert selections. Come hungry and leave super happy, I know I do. Although be warned: that "ITIS" will creep up on you, fast. Keep in mind to pace yourself too otherwise you'll be Thanksgiving Dinner full before you know it!The owners always work hard to make customers feel at home and well taken care of and if you've never given Indian cuisine a chance, come let the guys at Utsav show you what it's all about. FYI:Lunch: weekday buffet, $9.95; weekend buffet, $13.95 (cant' beat that!) If you go to the lunch buffets: Monday through Friday, 12 - 2:30 p.m.; Saturday and Sunday, 12 - 3 p.m.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,8/20/2014,88,253,3,5,1>The New England Air Museum is fun and educational. I was surprised by how large the facility is and the number of planes and jets displayed. I got a tip that it is best to visit on open cockpit weekends. Once a month they allow visitors to have a more hands on experience by sitting in the cockpit. Additionally there is a simulation experience where children are allowed to control the movement of a replica jet and receive a pilot's certificate after their 'flight.' I love little touches like that! It makes the experience all the more special. There is a children's area with computer games but I was less impressed with this section of the museum. The gift shop is not overpriced but I would like to see a wider range of costumes for purchase. I wanted a helmet for my son but you could only buy it as part of a full set that cost about $50. I ended up settling on pilot's hat. Overall the staff are well informed and friendly but they are all quite elderly and a couple of them are quite crotchety. There was one gentleman in particular that launched into a weird lecture about how you need to be good at science and math to be a pilot and study hard in school. Then he started asking my son if he did well in school. Um he's two sir. Let's reign in your standard cynical speech to those damn whippersnappers.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,8/19/2014,83,174,4,4,2>It's a good thing this place isn't named after my "Dad",He can't even cook eggs; they always come out bad.But the "Dad" that runs this restaurant surely knows how to cook,If I'm jonesin' for some good morning food, I know where to look.Had a truly great experience here. Went on a Sunday morning and the line was pretty long, but we were at the front of it within 15 minutes. We had nowhere to be and didn't mind waiting given the reviews we read. We were seated by the sweetest, wittiest elderly lady that I have ever met. What a firecracker! She got us our coffees, which were perfectly roasted.Another waitress then came over to take our orders. I got a sausage, egg, & cheese on a hard roll, a short stack of pancakes, and a side of homemade corned beef hash. What can I say? I had a coupon and I am a tank! The pancakes were absolutely perfect. These monstrous, golden circles were sweet, fluffy, and made me want to do the Electric Slide. Now that's a sign of a good pancake! The corned beef hash was ridiculously flavorful and the saltiness was a perfect compliment to the sweetness of the 'cakes.They had a bunch of specials written on a chalkboard. I almost got an omelete with jalapenos and a bunch of other crazy stuff. The specials definitely had some unique ingredient combinations.The interior is simple, yet homey. The parking lot was pretty full, and I had to park on an alley in the back which wasn't wonderful. But the food and service were "Electric" (Boogey-Woogey-Woogey).
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,8/18/2014,70,139,2,6,3>Great organization to help you find some local volunteer activities that meets your specific needs. I've used their website to organize a group of friends and co-workers to volunteer at Bushnell park passing out meals as well as just searching for activities that would fit in with my work schedule. I've also volunteered at Peter's Retreat with the help of Hands on Hartford and had such a fun time!!! Get out of the house (after you search for your next volunteer activity) and help someone in your community!!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2014,8/17/2014,98,169,3,8,5>I'm having a hard time typing this, as my arms are beyond sore from yesterday's melted upper body class.  In my hunt for a new fitness class place, m.e.l.t. kept popping up- recommendations here on Yelp, Groupons, friends, etc.  I decided to purchase the Groupon- $19 for 3 weeks unlimited.  Purchasers of such Groupon must attend an orientation, which was a nice way to get everyone acclimated.I will admit, I was skeptical about the workouts only being 30-35 minutes.  My skepticism has subsided, and I am a believer.  I felt more accomplished in those 30 minutes than I have in any hour long class, let alone my individual workouts at the gym.  The instructors are great, motivating, but not in your face.  They give different levels of difficulty, and alternate options for exercises if you're not comfortable.  Classes may be signed up for online, which is convenient.  There are plenty of class time selections, and what's really great is that the classes are the same for the full day (ex: all Tuesday classes are meltabolic, Wednesday is melted upper body) so you don't have to pick and choose certain times on different days.I still have 2 1/2 weeks left of my Groupon, and then I will consider purchasing a membership (seems fairly pricy though!).
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/16/2014,23,65,4,4,3>Some of the best Thai food I've had this side of Koh Samui, Thailand. We'd eaten take out before, and it was very good. We recently stopped in for a sit-down meal and tried a couple of other dishes and everything was excellent, from the huge summer rolls stuffed with shrimp and noodles and all the other usual stuff (pretty much the same rolls as you'd get at a Vietnamese restaurant) to the old standard Tom Yum soup, and our entrees -- everything was very flavorful and fresh.Be forewarned, this is more authentic Thai food than most places serve in that it is spicy. I tend to order up one level of hotness because most Thai restaurants "dumb it down" for American tastes, but not here. The Tom Yum soup had a nice kick, and we ordered both our dishes as "medium," after ordering "hot" on our previous take-out order. I can only imagine what "Thai hot" is after traveling to Thailand and seeing them eat chili-paste for breakfast. Medium was perfect for us, and I like spicy food.The restaurant, as others have stated, has an unassuming appearance on the outside, but the inside is quite nice. When we visited there was only one server and one person working the kitchen, so it was an effort to keep up even with only a few tables occupied. Still, she did a good job between clearing tables, taking orders, handling several take-out orders. Very efficient.The menu: While there are some house specials and specific soups, salads and apps, most of the menu is basically build-your-own. IOW, choose a meat/seafood/tofu and then decide which sauce and preparation you'd like, from curries to ginger, garlic or even "Volcano sauce." This worked great for us.I had scallops in garlic sauce, which actually arrived in ginger sauce, but it didn't matter. The vegetables were fresh, perfectly prepared, the sauce was sublime and nicely spicy, and the scallops were plump and cooked just right. My wife ordered what was listed simply as "Fish filet," in the Volcano Sauce. Don't let the vague name fool you. We had this dish several times in our two weeks traveling in Thailand; it is called Pla Rad Prik -- fried fish with red chili and basil. I've yet to find a Thai restaurant in the states that does it as well, but Jao Praya comes pretty darned close. The "authentic" version actually has fried basil leaves on top, which were missing here, but still the fish was cooked perfectly, the vegetables were fresh, the chili sauce was excellent. Final note: there is no beer or wine, but there is a liquor store right next door, and they'll lend you a cork screw, provide glasses, and they don't charge a corking fee.Highly recommended.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2014,8/15/2014,47,138,4,6,4>Blood orange chocolate chip ice cream?  What? Never seen this before anywhere but it is outstanding.Grass Roots has a roster of flavors that are constantly changing along side what they call the classic flavors.  So you never know what you're going to find.I am a big fan of blood oranges so it was my lucky day.  I also tried the walnut maple syrup ice cream which tasted like maple walnut on steroids.  And that's a good thing.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,8/14/2014,4,24,3,5,2>Awesome pastries! Small Italian bakery with an old school look. They have a variety of pastries and make cakes to order. They also serve coffee, espresso, lattes and cappuccinos. I have not had a bad experience there, the staff is friendly and the service is consistent. You must try the zeppoles which are only available for lent. I can't wait for my next trip to the south end of Hartford so I can get a taste of Italy, arrivederci until then.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,8/13/2014,37,44,5,9,5>Review in a few words: Meat & Co. offers sandwiches that are as delicious as they are unique.  While they tend to skirt towards the pricier end of things they're well worth the few extra bucks.  Monday's special ($10 for sandwich/soup/drink/chips) is not to be missed.Review in full: There are already quite a few notable sandwich joints in New Haven... and yet Meat & Co. still manages to carve its own spot into the landscape.  If you want a panini you go to Nica's.  If you want a hulking italian combo you go to Vito's.  If you want something different?  Stop on by Meat & Co.Go ahead an take a look at the menu.  At first glance things seem about par for the course but on closer inspection you'll catch that things aren't exactly as they seem.  Porchetta instead of bacon on the BLT, blueberry jam on a chicken sandwich, and is that tongue on a reuben?  Yes it is.  The sandwiches at Meat & Co. are all simultaneously a departure from the norm and familiar. At present I have sampled the Rick Reuben, The Opposition, Steak & Cheese, and two of the specials (an iberico ham and pineapple sandwich as well as an out of this world meatloaf sandwich).  These guys all pack the flavor and provide a decent meal.  Unfortunately I still gotta knock them down a peg as a few of the sandwiches have come with bone dry meat (a cardinal sin!).  Even still the food is not to be missed.  When these folks are on, which is more often than not, they are really on.  I still have fevered dreams about that delicious meatloaf special...On top of the unique menu the space is also great.  Bar seating and a friendly staff make for a nice lunch if you have the time to sit.  The staff get major points in my book for enthusiasm which goes a long way for me.  If you're excited about the food you're serving, so am I.I have to make a specific note about their monday special which nets you a sandwich, soup, chips, and a drink for $10 (about the cost of a sandwich normally).  This is a fantastic deal and should really get you in the door if you're on the fence about checking the place out.On the whole Meat & Co. manages to find its own space among an already crowded sandwich market.  This place is absolutely worth a visit and that one visit is probably enough to bring you back.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,8/12/2014,21,61,2,3,3>Thank you fellow Yelpers, we tried Shanghai Gourmet tonight based on your reviews and so glad we did!   This place is a fabulous little find on the end of one of the many strip malls along the Boston Post Road.   I've lived in the area and driven by this stretch of Milford/Orange for over 30 years and would have never noticed this hidden gem on my own.  The food is fabulous, not your run-of-the-mill greasy americanized Chinese food.  Instead you find reasonably-priced unique and tasty Chinese and Thai dishes made with fresh ingredients.   We shared the Chicken in Spicy Mango sauce and Mongolian Beef, both dishes were divine and the beef was incredibly tender.   We also took advantage of our free glasses of wine, which was a really nice touch!    (no beer or liquor here, just wine)   My search for fresh and delicious Asian food is finally over, and I can't wait to go back.   Definitely give this place a try!   The restaurant is small and maybe seats 40 people in total so plan to get here early or on the late side. We arrived at 8 PM and easily got a table but it filled up suddenly while we were there.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/11/2014,19,41,4,6,3>Short Review:Ran into this restaurant on Yelp and wondering whether you should try it? The answer is yes, you really should. And then come backLong Review:For a long time I was craving some proper Barbecue/Southern and at times Caribbean food in New Haven, but I didn't know about Sandra's Next Generation and I would go to Stamford or something and still wouldn't be terribly satisfied. Well, no longer. We now have a new place to visit on a regular basis :).Came here with my fiancee and we were both very satisfied with everything. The service was great, we talked a bit with the owner about food, and had quite a few things to eat. The cornbread was excellent, just the right level of sweetness, my fiancee's bbq pork ribs were great and pork-y, the candied yams were fantastic, and my oxtail on rice (the reason I mentioned Caribbean food, it's a Thursday special while on Friday there's Jerk Chicken) was absolutely amazing and meaty and flavorful - simply put among the best pieces of meat I ever had (and I've had my share of Caribbean-style oxtail as well as barbecue&southern food). Other great sides we've had that I'd recommend would be the fried okra, collard greens and mac and cheese, as well as the sweet potato pie which I enjoyed but my fiancee finished before I had the chance to take more than a bite :). The servings were generous so we also had some left to go.There are also occasional events here, with foods from different parts of the South that I am very interested in visiting in the future.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,8/10/2014,18,78,2,7,2>A hidden gem.  An unexpected surprise. Overall this place is not to be missed!  It was one of those days where my lunch was seriously lacking.  Wanting something that was meatless, I yelped "falafel" in this area and found Cedar Falafel House.  I think I have been here before - pre yelp account and it has definitely changed for the better.  As far as their falafel sandwiches, they were delicious.  The falafel was freshly molded and fried right after we ordered them.  At other places I've seen them pre made or even pre cooked and refried again.  The gentleman who  prepared our order even gave us a sample to try.  I think I fell in love- with this place. So far so good. The prices are very reasonable and the inside of the restaurant seemed clean.  The falafel sandwich was so delicious and fresh with lettuce and tomatoes, the crisp falafels and tahini sauce (I would ask for more next time) all melded together in harmony with the soft pita bread. You would not expect this place to be THAT good...but it is.  The little strip shopping plaza with very little parking space may turn you off but the falafel will suck you back in for more...believe it.  I'm already thinking about what I will order next time I visit!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,8/9/2014,83,167,3,6,3>I've never had a bad time at Vito's.  I discovered it a few years ago through my happy hour app.  Vito's has deals on pizza and drinks until- get this- 8pm.  Thursday is dollar oyster night.  It's a pretty great destination for after work, or after other happy hours that end at 6.  I must admit that the pizza is a bit doughy for my taste, but it's hard to complain about pizza loaded with toppings for half price.I find the actual restaurant to be a bit cost prohibitive, but I have enjoyed two dinners thanks to Groupon and Restaurant Week. The bruschetta app and Pasta A la Roberto are wonderful.  On my last visit, I had a deliciously refreshing watermelon martini, made with watermelon purée and Onyx moonshine.  Perfect summer cocktail.Also, I've always found the servers and bartenders to be really friendly.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,8/8/2014,78,60,3,6,3>This establishment has been open for almost two years and I'm surprised that I didn't see any reviews. I'm not sure if any of you have been here, but if you haven't you should add this to your "must try" list. I'm of Jamaican heritage and I really appreciate when I'm able to taste food that almost reminds me of my grandparents cooking or when I was visiting Jamaica. This review and the four stars I'm giving is SOLELY based on the jerk chicken (my opinion best in Hartford area). It's flavored well, not overpowered with jerk seasoning and has a great smokey taste. I prefer to get the chicken with the sauce on the side. Eventually I will try another item on the menu and will update my review if I need to but for now it's all about the jerk chicken!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,8/7/2014,39,62,3,4,5>Pretty freaking awesome... we have been looking for a place to splurge for awhile with some other couples, and this place caught my eye. We arrived with a reservation on  a Friday night and were quickly seated at our table. Pretty good beer selection, their IPA by Compass was fantastic. Food: Being that we're all foodies we shared our dishes naturally between the six of us. Everyone's meals were good, while a couple were all-stars.Apps Filet mignon truffled tator tots... need I say more the steak melted in your mouth. Pancetta Roasted Asparagus: Asparagus was grilled/seasoned to perfection.Special sushi roll: Pretty tasty considering this isn't an asian restaurant.Entrees I have a hard time saying no to scallops over an english pea risotto. This dish was just ok, the scallops lacked that nice caramelization and the risotto was bland. Both Food 101 and Latitude's scallop dish had it beat by a mile. Duck 3 ways was fantastic. The real star of the night was my wife's steak delmonico with a beet sauce and blue cheese mashed potatoes. Absolutely incredible cut and cook on the steak and every part of the dish could stand on its own, but combining everything into one bite really made for one amazing mouthful!DessertWe again shared a several desserts (sadly everyone pretty much wanted the same thing). We got the Bruleed Tres Leches cake and the Mississippi Mud Cake. The Tres Leches cake was definitely the crowd favorite. The creaminess and flavor of the cake combined with the caramelized top was divine... my mouth is watering just writing about it.AmbianceThe place was decorated nicely, clean, and good lighting. As far as sound the restaurant is quite loud, which I think is more of an acoustics/building material issue vs the patrons or the music. Not a big deal for our group but if looking for an intimate evening, may not want to venture here on the weekend unless they have some private dining area I'm not aware of. WaitstaffOverall good, had to be reminded about a couple of drinks, but in their defense this was a Friday night. Overall: I would definitely go there again, but seeing as I'm just now venturing into Hartford to see what they have to offer, it will be awhile. I've got a pretty big list to check off.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,8/6/2014,5,68,6,10,5>Tacos Mi Nacho is everything I hoped it would be. I ate at the counter, which gave me the opportunity to watch the delicious marinated meats cooking on the stovetop, slowly becoming more tender and delicious with each passing second. Seriously - the marinated beef & pork options are THAT GOOD.Tacos are served with limes on the side and garnished with a slice of tomato, shredded lettuce and cilantro, plus a little shredded cheese on top. Free nachos are provided with 3 types of salsa. It's a very authentic place - friendly but no-nonsense. The food comes out quickly.A note to my future self: order the tacos without tomato or cheese, and add some salsa instead.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,8/5/2014,27,85,3,5,3>Huge and delicious slices bigger than my face at such a great price. Two slices will surely make you full. Love how you can get just a slice in any of their specialties if you're craving more than one type. Their small pizza is good enough for two too. Veggie, margherita, and carnita's especial had flavorful fresh toppings. Great red sauce. Love the originality of the carnitas especial. Delivery was good. Pizza was still hot.Only complaint is that their crust was super chewy and one of the few times I elected not to eat the crust of a pizza.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,8/4/2014,18,143,3,5,4>Ordinary has rapidly become my go-to bar for just about any occasion. I remember stopping in a day or two after they opened (lured by the connection with my long-time favorite, Caseus) and being blown away by the incredible wood decor, the bartenders' attention to detail and creativity in making their specialty cocktails, and the friendly, low-key vibe. Since then, everything's only gotten better. They've increased the scope of their cocktail and draft beer menu, cultivated an amazing selection of food and bar snacks, and still retained that awesome atmosphere that made them so appealing in the first place.There's always a small pang of disappointment when one of my favorites disappears from the rotating cocktail menu (bring back the William, I Won't Tell? please?) but it's so much fun to try out the new selections that it barely matters. Their grilled cheese sandwiches, beer cheese, meat pies, or homemade chocolate chip cookies make a perfect accompaniment and are good enough to warrant going for the food alone. You can sit at the bar and just appreciate the beautiful wooden paneling and the skill of the bartenders, or relax with friends in the equally stylish back room and be taken care of by their great servers. It's pretty much a win-win proposition.I've also been to Ordinary for several large (15-20 people) parties and have never had even the slightest inconvenience ordering/receiving drinks and food. That level of service is beyond amazing for a relatively small bar, yet hardly a surprise given how great this place is.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2014,8/3/2014,23,731,9,10,9>Dear Goldburgers,I have been a frequent flyer, indirect promoter, and addict of your place. Besides the one "bad" day, (which is natural for any business run by a human being), you have been nothing but quality and most importantly consistent. You make quality burgers, not necessarily by the type of patty they are, but more from finesse and the care you take to make these wonderful burgers. Every time I go here I am always WOWed by your innovation, always having something new and delicious. I have tried many things from your Duck Prosciutto Sandwiches, Cannolis, Beer Braised meats (that you used from Six Point brewery), Cubanos, Chicken and Waffles, Biscuits and Gravy, Kim Chi, and many more to even think of. You put the word "fried food" to a whole new level with your crazy ideas like Mac and Cheese bars and other deep fried sweets. You guys are like a Fine Dining establishment inside a MooYah burger type of feel. The metaphor is that the idea of fast, comfort food such as MooYah or Five guys  turns into a Firebox Restaurant (which is in Frog Hollow Hartford) or maybe even a Millwrights (located in Simsbury, CT). To know that most of the staff has worked not only in the food industry, but also in Fine Dining has made sense to why you guys take such pride in making your food. The staff looks like a wonderful family, working in sync, having fun and loving what they do. I like the fact that you guys take time to visit other restaurants or attend food events just to soak in some ideas for your next crazy creation, which you still manage to pull of something that is either original or 5 times better than what someone previously made. Matt Crowley, the owner. Damn, what a great friggin' guy! He is awesome! What kind of owner comes to work about 5 to 7 days a week to open and close, along side his staff? This guy puts in hours, and you can catch him washing the dishes, sweeping and mopping the floor, fixing things, running the counter, cooking the food. This is the type of boss I would love to work for. He is here for his staff, and treats his customers with respect. I even love the fact that this guy reads all the Yelp reviews. He knows this is important, because with that feedback he could both talk to the guest who so returns and make the food better. Matt is a progressive business man, so he will always be ahead of his competitors, bringing innovation and originality to class American comfort food. He needs to be in the Connecticut Magazine, or at least some honorable award should be given to him and his staff.I have do nothing but raved about you. I have shouted, cried, fought, and protested FOR Goldburgers. I would climb mountains, swim through seven seas, stand in sub zero degree weathers, walk through desert all for your job. I have saved money, wasted money, invested (time, money and emotion) on this place. There were times where I would be here every day, or even better 2 or 3 times a day! I am definitely a loyal fan of Goldburgers. I am here for your cause.I love you guys. Period.Sincerely,Anthony P.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,8/2/2014,17,11,4,3,5>This is my ideal lunch spot-- it's a great in-and-out place. It's affordable, quick, and absolutely delicious. I love the chicken shawarma pita. The employees are quick and helpful. The one piece of constructive feedback I would give is to work getting on a more reliable credit card machine; their sometimes shuts down for the day and they become a cash-only location inconsistently.I am devastatedly writing this review while they are closed for their vacation. Come back soon!
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,8/1/2014,134,137,5,8,4>You go here to try the brisket and the side dishes such as the mac n cheese, grilled vegetables, and more. This is a small grocery store, they have all of the normal items. Though they have many fresh vegetables, fresh deserts in the bakery, fresh free coffee, olive bar and more. They have fresh mozz at least on the weekend. Many varieties of cheeses. I really recommend the grill panini swandwiches, fresh, made the way you like. Dont bother with the cold salads in the deli area, the are not that great, made with mayo and heavy on the oils, be picky.One of the really cool things is that you can mix and match your own 6 pack of beer from different regions. The staff are always friendly and helpful. The store reminds of a mini stew leonards in regards to the design.
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/31/2014,19,26,5,13,5>I am perplexed as to if I really want to write a review on this company. It's like Central CT's best kept secret for gyms!I had no idea the saga of finding a gym in CT was going to be as long as mine was. I checked out a few, but between the crazy start-up fees, very expensive monthly membership and the feeling of being a rat in a hamster wheel based on many gyms' size and how their equipment is arranged in the room, I was unimpressed and intimidated.I tried this place because I was living here for a temporary time, and I was able to combine the yelp deal they had at the time WITH their 2 week trial membership...so 6 weeks for $25?? Sure! I ended up staying longer than 6 weeks, and they let you do month-to-month without gouging you for not signing a yearly contract and no heinous "start-up fees" I see so many gyms require. (srsly, what's up with that) ($45/mo no contract, $35/mo with)This place feels like someone's basement gym (in the best possible way) No annoying gym rats narcissistically watching themselves flex in the mirrors, no "motivational" messages plastered throughout just to give you the worst self-body image projections. In fact, pretty sure there is a picture of Marilyn Monroe lifting, which is fantastic. Also, all of their equipment is super new and clean!I never took advantage of their personal trainers, but tons of people do...people of all sizes and ages and ability levels, from the person with a new resolution to begin working out, to the fit athlete, to adorable couples in their 80's that make it their Saturday morning routine. Everyone is super friendly and it really feels like a gym for everyone and I absolutely love that.Social Responsibility: As a bonus, I LOVE their random fundraisers they support. They always have a collection bin for old sneakers for Africa, and in the winter they had a hat and coat drive for a local organization. Most recently, there was a pledge fundraiser for one of the members at the gym heading over to Kenya to do volunteer work. In no way do you feel obligated to partake...it's just posters set up in the lobby and you can take the initiative to donate if you'd like. Great to see company's involved in their communities; local and global!Con: Their hours aren't the best for the busy working professional, but if you're a morning exerciser, it won't be a problem as they open super early. For me and my flexible work-from-home schedule, it also was no problem. BUT, they close pretty early and have pretty scarce weekend hrs which could be a turn-off for some.Overall, I'm sad I'm leaving and will have to begin the gym hunt again! I'm not sure I will ever be quite as satisfied as I was here!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,7/30/2014,412,837,2,7,4>Although I've never been to a Lao restaurant, my favorite Thai dish is Larb. So late this morning while still lounging in bed, perusing Saveur magazine on my iPad, I looked at Yelp. I found this listing and thought we would run up to Torrington, visit our friends at the Farmers' Market, and check out Vientiane.It is BYOB, something I'm not used to, having lived in Europe and California most of my life. But there is a great Liquor store in the same plaza, so we were able to get a six pack of Singha for our meal. The decor is pleasant with ethereal music playing in the background. The server was also pleasant. A young man who provided efficient service. I missed the older Asian grandma who adds hospitality to the dining experience.We ordered larb gai, my favorite dish. It was executed well but lacked in both acidity and fish sauce. The condiment tray did not include prik nam pla, but this was brought to our table soon after requesting it. The other two dishes were new to us. I purposefully wanted to try more Laotian style food. We ordered the wild boar basil dish which was not wild boar. It was regular pork made in the style of the original wild boar preparation. It had a red curry sauce with a small amount coconut milk along with basil, some veggies and a lot of bamboo shoots. I love bamboo shoots, but Jack thought there were too many. The flavor was exquisite.The other dish was Lao style grilled Cornish hen. The meat was tender and moist. The spicing delicious with an herbaceous note. The dipping sauce was a classic sweet chili sauce. I love sticky rice. This sticky rice was some of the best I've had. It had flavor, was sticky, but did not stick to my fingers. It's supposed to be eaten by hand, and usually it adheres to my fingers. Here my fingers stayed clean!If this were in our neighborhood, we'd be regulars. But we'll definitely be back!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,7/29/2014,5,165,6,4,4>I am loving this place!!! INDEED! I usually get take out and there are never any mistakes and the food portions are fabulous! I espcially love their Greek salad and vegetarian chili and of course the chicken souvlaki with rice pilaf..but my absolute favorite thing here is the Mama's and the Tappa's wich is pita bread topped with baked apples, marscapone cheese, cheddar cheese and glory. DECADENT!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,7/28/2014,77,139,3,8,3>It is so nice to see a Modern Furniture Store in CT.There is literally not many choices available for modern furniture in CT. You generally would have to go to either NYC or Boston to find contemporary style furnishings.Since I've finished my basement, I've been on a hunt for creative  accent pieces, ones with chrome details and large variety colors in leather and fabric. This store is big and you will find all different furniture pieces from beds to dining tables and cool clear chairs. Prices are reasonable for what you get as many of the pieces are imported from Europe. You will not be disappointed with the array of options and catalogs to choose from. To tie in those little details there is also flooring samples from the trendy ceramic tiles mimicking wood to glass tile back splash for your kitchen/bar. So if you want or need to get away from the traditional New England Furniture stores, come check this out.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,7/27/2014,28,65,2,9,2>Went here for a Happy Hour from work. A very different ambience for a sports bar, from the way the seatings are set up to the order of the display screens, over all it gives a good vibe. It was a quiet day when we had gone and we were told that the place gets packed during game nights which I am not surprised. A very pleasing and surprising appearance for a sports bar and I liked it.We got seated pretty immediately and I like the way the seating areas with the couch, the booths i should say, are laid out. The booths give you a sense of privacy. A few of my friends are pretty loud and the layout of the booths saves us from the cold stares. Like the seating too.The waitress, the girl who assisted us was Lisa, very friendly, fast, gave us her recommendations and also joined us in the fun chatting with us. Very friendly group of staff.Drinks & Food, the drinks is the usual that you can get any sports bar. But the food from the happy hour menu are great. The size of the nachos and the flat bread (chicken margaritas flat bread that we ordered) were huge portions and a good dig during Happy Hours. Even the dinner menu is very different when compared to the other sports bar.Very good standards for a sports bar and a very good one. A definite must go.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,7/26/2014,44,120,1,8,4>This is where I met my new cat, Patch.  I lost my sweet elderly cat Mittens back in November to kidney disease, which was very sad, and it took me some time to recover from that.  Finally I was ready, and a friend of mine is a volunteer at POA, so she invited me down to meet some kitties.  Since she knows I'm an experienced cat owner with a quiet home, there was one particular shy boy she wanted me to meet.  I filled out the application and met Patch.  He and I are now good buddies.  :)  POA has a great staff of dedicated volunteers.  I'm sorry about another reviewer's experience; when I talked to them about taking Patch home, they gave me all of his medical records and let me peruse all of the notes that the volunteers had made about their interactions with him.  I found them to be very honest when talking about the cats and their histories and behaviors.  It was a very positive experience, and I look forward to getting to know Patch and sharing my home with him for years to come.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,7/25/2014,132,600,4,5,3>What a great little restaurant on a strip that is increasingly doing well enough to compete with anything that West Hartford has to offer.Stopped by for lunch. It was quiet. With food this good, it shouldn't be quiet for long.The server was attentive -- quickly refilling water and clearing plates with efficiency.Had the veggie rolls three ways; it seemed that there was really more "two" ways, rather than 3, but all were delicious.  A very nice vegetarian option.  Same with the banh mi -- which substituted portobello mushroom for pork.  Nice soft bun with it as well. Very fresh.  The homemade chips that you could get (instead of a salad or fries) were particularly tasty; a nice touch.  Dining companion got a spinach salad with chicken that she thoroughly enjoyed. Prices are in in line for the food quality and are reasonable.  Looking forward to coming back for a brunch or dinner. This place has all the makings of a keeper.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,7/24/2014,134,153,4,5,4>My wife and I went to Ibiza Tapas on 07/01/14 for dinner. We had bought a Living Social voucher based on the great Yelp reviews so we thought it would be a great time to try it.  The restaurant is nicely decorated and the bar top is a black stone and was lit up like stars in the sky.  We were promptly seated and a drink order was taken.  I had one of their Spanish beers, it was really good, and my wife had a margarita.  The margarita was made with fresh ingredients and was very good. We ordered six tapas, the Ensalada de Rucula, Pan Tomaco, Tortilla al Momento, Quesos Espanoles, Pepito de Filete, Paquetitos de Cordero, and for dessert, the bread pudding.  The tapas came out in waves and were all very good. We loved trying different foods we've never had.  For example, the Spanish cheeses and the crispy lamb ravioli, two of our favorites.  We were told the bread pudding is very good and Ibiza didn't let us down, it was delicious.  The service was great and the Living Social voucher was handled smoothly.  We will definitely be back.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,7/23/2014,116,265,5,10,5>Do you have a tire guy in your family? No? Wait... you do now! I've been going to Tony's shop for years now and it really is like having someone in the family in the business. His straightforward no BS approach in getting you the tires you need at a good deal will make you feel like you are family. Customer service is second to none and this is a model of business that everyone should be following! I have referred many friends to Tire Depot and they have all been pleased by the savings and the service they receive.I'm a big fan of supporting local business and this is definitely one of those where you do not sacrifice anything by shopping local. You will get a better deal and better service from Tire Depot than you would from anywhere else. Got a commuter car that just needs an inexpensive set of tires? Go to Tire Depot. Got a sports car that needs the latest and greatest rubber? Go to Tire Depot. Got a lifted Jeep or Truck that needs monster tires? Go to Tire Depot!I recently purchased a set of 4 tires and Tony came in with over $400 of savings compared to Town Fair!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/22/2014,11,180,2,5,2>Well, I feel a great responsibility being the first to review this new restaurant in town. There have been a few restaurants in this location in years past that have just not made the grade. Now, when you enter Three Figs, you will immediately notice that the interior has been gutted and redone. It has a warm feel to it, a better flow and comfortable chairs. The bar area is very nicely done with dark wood paneling that is pleasing to the eye. The bar itself is very attractive. There are nice decorations on the walls. There are numerous flat screen televisions if you are interested in watching a game. (The World Cup was on when we came.) We were able to wander around a bit since it was a Monday night in the beginning of summer and not many other patrons. There is a room in the front with booths and tables and a much larger room in the back that can accommodate larger crowds. Now to the food. There were 3 of us. We are beer drinkers and there is a decent draft list with 12 to choose from. Also, an impressive wine list as well as a full bar menu. We started by sharing the Fig Baked Brie which was very delicious. The baguettes were a little soggy, but the Brie itself was amazing.Our waitress brought complimentary bread and olive oil to the table which was delicious.  I had the Stuffed Chicken Rollatini. It came with a large serving of mashed potatoes and peas-very delicious. My son had a special, Sausage and Broccoli Ravioli that was also very good. Our entrees came with house salads that had fresh ingredients and were just the right size.  My husband chose the Tavern Burger with cheese and bacon. It came out cooked the way he ordered it. He liked everything about it but the bun. He also got Fries and a cucumber salad to compliment his meal and said both were very good. Our server Stephanie was friendly and very attentive. She was very knowledgeable and able to answer all our questions. I am so happy to say that this was a very pleasant dining experience and that we will be going back to try more things from the menu at Three Figs.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,7/21/2014,13,41,2,3,3>Was recommended by a local man to give this place a try since we were in the area. I said nothing fancy just a relaxed place with decent prices.Getting there is quite odd, and tbe last roads you go down before turning on the road it's on is a rather "shady street" dilapidated building. Then you turn on to the "gravel/rocky road" one side the Marina the other trees and then the railroad. Cars were everywhere & this was at 1:45. We stood in a VERY long line. At least 20-25 until we got to the window to even order (only one window to order at).  You then find a picnic table in the sun or lots under a covered area.  They call your name when order is up.We got a 2 piece fish and chips meal with fries and coleslaw $12.95 and a hot lobster roll $10.95 nothin else included and a small drink. Came out to almost $27 (little pricey for just lunch in my opinion, but I know seat good is not cheap either).  Food was overall good, only thing was the fries were BEYOND greasy. It was too much. They were still good and crunchy but just saturated in oil.  Fish & lobster tastes fresh. I suppose if we were back in the area and needed to eat we would possibly stop in again.. The best part was sitting at a table right next to a Marina with the nice boats and people coming in and put on them (and the mama & daddy duck and their 3 babies swim by) :)
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,7/20/2014,14,23,3,6,3>This place is nearby where I work. Last night a few of us decided to order some delivery.....and SO glad we did!!!  I had the mixed seafood ceviche....It was AWESOME! Such fresh, beautiful shrimp, mussels, and fish in a delicate lime/cilantro infusion... I've had ceviche before, but this was like I was taken to the beach and given a treasure right off the boat! Ohh Piolin, I cannot wait to try more from you!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,7/19/2014,7,29,3,6,3>Fun concept- café in the library! This was a great spot for a quick lunch. The food is from billings forge- farmers market- and is prepared at the library. I tried the Nicoise salad and others I was dining with had sandwiches, and a chicken spring salad. All four dishes were good, nothing crazy fancy about them, but we all agreed we'd definitely come back. The umbrellas and chairs on the patio of the library brought my attention to this place. It is a really nice area to sit outside enjoy your meal and watch downtown Main Street walk/drive by.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,7/18/2014,54,64,4,5,4>This is my favorite shop on Pratt Street...actually in all of Hartford!The company is owned by three sisters who are all fantastic. I am one of three girls as well, so even before I saw any of their products, I liked everything about them. They are from Hartford and that is reflected in the work they do. They celebrate the city and state in any way they can think of: cards, bags, shirts, glasses, mugs...you name it! The 'Small State Big Heart' shirt is my all time favorite and I wear it with pride. They do everything by old fashioned letterpress, so the prices are a bit more expensive than a chain card shop. However, the craftsmanship is old school and beautiful and worth every penny. If I ever get married, they'll be doing my invitations for sure. Last weekend, I visited the shop for an event they were holding in conjunction with Yelp Hartford called the 'Pet People Party'. Free as always, everyone was encouraged to bring pet food for the CT Humane society. In the shop were several fun craft stations all designed to pamper your pet: DIY food bowls, cat toys, wine charms, needlepoint (way out of my element), and of course, homemade cards. They bring something special to Hartford's downtown and I hope to see them on Pratt Street for years to come.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,7/17/2014,35,91,4,7,5>Luna Pizza is the only pizza I will eat!!  And I know I will get the best of the best at this location, with its sizable portions and great selection of meals!!  You get great food for very reasonable prices.  The pizzas are always cooked to perfection.  I smile as my pizza is brought out of the kitchen, fresh and steaming with bubbling, tasty sauce.A pizza you must try: basic pepperoni pizza.  You will get large slices of pepperoni all of the pizza, so you get a taste of this meat in every bite.  Another must-try--if you try nothing else--is the tomato sauce [which comes on most pizzas]!!  Luna's sauce is so scrumptious.  I could have it as the main dish for my meal!!  It has such great flavor and really makes the quality of the pizza bubble over-the-top.The owners of this Luna are extremely kind and are very hard-working, as are the other workers and servers here.  They are friendly and work extremely hard, taking calls for take-out orders while running through the gallery to serve patrons dining in.  A piece of critical advice when deciding where to go for pizza and grinders: GO TO LUNA PIZZA IN SIMSBURY!!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,7/16/2014,9,13,4,9,4>There are a lot of places in the area to get a hot dog, and almost as many places to get a great hot dog. Chef's is hands down my favorite. Their variety is great I can always find something for my mood. The junkyard dog wrapped in bacon covered with chili cheese and grilled onions is in my opinion the perfect version of a chili cheese dog. Although I haven't tried their burgers (yet) they look amazing and I don't doubt that they taste just as good. Their breakfast is also on my to-do list. One of my other favorite things about Chef's is their soup collection, there are always at least a few homemade soups every day. They range from the classics to creative concoctions like shepherds pie (which is delicious!). Nothing is better on a cold New England winter day than a cup of hot soup, I look forward to spending my winter tasting all they have to offer.Edit: Almost forgot to mention the condiment bar, but it speaks for itself with enough options for everyone to find something they like.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,7/15/2014,6,48,1,9,2>The Adventure Room experience was unique, fun, intelligent and very memorable. I had heard of these places and rooms before and how they were gaining popularity around the world and so I was very intrigued when I found out that there was one close to me. When I drove there, admittedly the parking lot and location were a little off-putting. It's kind've back from the street and set aside from everything. Once you enter the Adventure Rooms building the main room is a little deceiving compared to what lies ahead. It was here that we got a description of the rooms, of how we should work together and how the adventure rooms work. The employees did an absolutely top notch job. They did a great job of getting everybody excited for the experience and at letting everybody understand the purpose behind them. Apparently they were originally conceived as team building exercises for corporate employees.There are 3 Rooms to chose from and I went with a group into the room known as "From Russia with Love." I'm not going to go into specifics of the actual experience, because what makes it great is figuring out the puzzles with the help of the rest of the team. The puzzles range in a wide variety from having to think creatively about unlocking things, to thinking outside of the box and figuring out why two things relate to one another. If teams have trouble the staff are always there attentively to aid teams with difficult puzzles as they progress. Once we finished we were greeted by a very excited staff. They "de-briefed" us and talked about all of the puzzles and what made each one different and how different teams chose the complete puzzles. Apparently every team completes the puzzles in slightly different ways and the employees even talked to us and discussed how different people with different personalities take on the challenges. Lastly they talked about how the puzzles were changed up regularly and invited us back.This was a great and lasting experience. I absolutely recommend it.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2014,7/14/2014,38,72,3,5,4>I have found BBQ nirvana, and it's called Bear's. I was recommended Bears by a friend and his tip was dead on. Bears is amazing! Most times when I'm at a BBQ joint, I nitpick either their meats or sauces as one is always a letdown, but not this time. They have four sauces, two of which I tried. One was sweet and had a hint of apple in it. It was thick as well. The other was made with ghost peppers in it. It made my nose run, but the pepper isn't too insane to eat. Both sauces were tasty. I came for lunch and ordered the two meat combo of 1/4 rack of ribs and brisket. For sides, I got mashed sweet potatoes and baked bbq/pork beans as well as a fresh made chunk of cornbread. The ribs were not fall off the bone. They had to be gut off. They had been pre-sauced and smoked. They were tender and tasted excellent. The brisket was sliced thick and had plenty of fat on it- no lean beef here. It tasted good without sauce and with the spicy sauce it was delightful. The beans come with bits of pork in them (Vegetarians beware) and were good without being too thick. The cornbread was thick and crumbled easily. Of my whole meal, the worst part was the cornbread. It was alright, but lacked a little flavor. It was however moist and thick. The mashed sweet potatoes were almost like the ones my Bubbie used to make for make, but Bear's laces them with a hint of maple. I came for lunch at 11:45 am and already there was a long line. By the time I left the line was out the door. The secret's out. The hype is true. Bear's is the best BBQ around.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,7/13/2014,57,138,4,9,5>OMG. Seriously...why did I wait so long to come here?? I have been seeing the reviews for months. The place is not what I pictured. I pictured a Chipotle/Shake Shack/Noodles vibe...but it's really like a hole in the wall Chinese take out place, but set up like Subway and with healthier food.I can't say much that hasn't been said before. Don't stress out (as I did) worrying about the proper pronunciation of bibimbap....everyone in front of me was ordering "noodle bowl" or "rice bowl" and it worked out just fine. I got a noodle bowl with all of the vegetables, even some I don't normally love, because I wanted to see how they all tasted in the mix. I read up on Yelp reviews before I went, so I did half spicy chicken and half regular chicken, half sesame oil and half teriyaki.YUM! Like a perfect flavor explosion in my mouth. The veggies were perfectly cooked, not overdone. The bowl had just enough spiciness from my half spicy chicken. Best of all, it was fast, I was in and out in 5 minutes. Perfect for grabbing lunch and getting back to my office in Farmington. I can't wait to go back and try more combinations! The only thing I will probably skip is the egg that is in the vegetable section...it's kind of like a really thin, dried out strip of cold pre-cooked Egg Beaters. But I would like to try the fresh egg on top of the bowl if I dine in so e day.Some of the reviews seemed to imply the lunch special was for dine in only, but I did take out and got soup and a bottle of water with my noodle bowl for the lunch special price of $8.95.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,7/12/2014,118,153,2,9,4>Delicious! The tacos taste like they do in Cali. Great flavor, plenty of meat, fresh cilantro.  And only $2 each, for generous portions. They give you avocado sauce and sour cream. The  avocado sauce is amazing- a little spicy, earthy, and fresh.They also give you big chunks of fresh lime- a must-have for good, authentic Mexican tacos.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,7/11/2014,76,88,2,3,2>If I want Wings Sliders is one of my top choices.  They have a multitude of flavors to choose from varying in Heat levels from no heat to burning your mouth and stinging your lips.This location when busy can be hard for you to find parking and you will see a multiple cars parked on the street.  Funny thing is there will still be empty tables inside.....so don't let all those cars scare you away.Inside it has a typical sports bar feel.  Big wrap around bar in the middle, a couple high top tables near the bar & and three sections with regular four person tables. Tons of TV's with various sports games on and music playing in the background. Sliders is known for their Wings and this primarily what I order when I go here.  The Garlic Parm wings are really tasty and if we get several flavors I tend to eat this flavor first since they are better hot from the fryer.  I also like the Medium Buffalo.  We tried thier new Buffalo Parm flavor which was very good also.  I always as for our wings to be well done, like them better that way.  Crispy Baby!!  And you have to get them on the bone!!  Service can be a little slow when its busy.....but just get a beer or a drink to tide you over till you can sink your mouth into those tasty wings!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2014,7/10/2014,23,55,3,6,3>Went here after an afternoon movie for an impromptu dinner.The experience went as thus.. "You sure this is a restaurant?", my wife asks as we pull up. The exterior is very mundane, with common housing siding and a wheelchair ramp.We walk inside and are greeted by a friendly older hostess and seated. The clientele is a mix. The interior consisting of country tables and wall hanging cross stitch country fare. The waitress was fantastically friendly and the menu clearly changes often. We order a few cocktails, ceviche, lobster bisque, my wife gets the lobster roll and fritters, I get the Cajun NY strip steak with twice baked potato. Soon our bread comes, deliciously warm pumpkin bread, toast, and warm herbed smooth butter. Our hopes are raised as we munch on great bread, and our spirits are raised as we watch one of the cooks cut fresh herbs from the garden.Fast forward. The meal was amazing, every piece is fresh and expertly made. We leave stuffed and happy, and slightly guilty for judging a book by its cover.Great food served in an unassuming building, a diamond in the rough. I could only imagine this restaurant would get more deserved praise with an exterior and interior make over. Absolutely worth enjoying, go here if you're looking for great fresh cooking served by a smiling and friendly staff.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,7/9/2014,27,68,3,5,5>WHY DID IT TAKE ME UNTIL MY LAST SEMESTER OF MY SENIOR YEAR TO DISCOVER THIS PLACE?! (My fault) :(The Underground Deli has a HUGE selection of sandwiches and wraps for the hungry student or anyone else passing by looking for a cheap and quick bite. If it is your first time there, allow yourself an extra ten minutes to decide what to get, as they have over 50 different kinds of sandwiches and wraps.  The first time I went it was pretty busy and the line was almost out the door, but the staff moved quickly to take orders and prepare the food.  The Americana and the McBitchin' were the most requested during my wait.  Plus, each order comes with a small side.  I decided to get the McBitchin' with the spicy potato salad as my side.  They ran out of rolls (bummer) so it was served on a regular sub.  Even then, the bread was perfectly toasted and I love toasty buns!  The McBitchin' was delicious and I really liked the herb-garlic mayo that topped the chicken.  The bread was warm enough to melt the cheese.  If you don't like your buns toasted (like the hubby) then they won't toast your buns.  The kids who make the sandwiches and wraps for you are really friendly and love chatting with everyone.  The atmosphere is very hipster, quite a few tables and a couple old but comfy couches for you to plop down if you want.  The best part is that it's not just all college students that frequent this place, we have been here a couple times so far and have seen college faculty and families with young children come in to get their lunch.I am so coming back as much as I can before I am finished with CCSU.  Probably attempt to try the 50+ varieties before graduation arrives.  Do I smell a challenge? (just kidding)
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/8/2014,119,143,2,12,4>HB Seafood!  Welcome to West Hartford.  The first thing I thought when I walked in was Shake Shack for seafood.  In my book, that's a compliment so please take it that way.  It's the kind of place where you step inside, step up to the counter, order your food from the enthusiastic individual waiting to take your order.  We were a bit bumbly about our order but she was patient and great about it.  My lovely wife and I had the following: PEI mussels (in garlic and white wine), Fish Tacos and the clam roll.  Sounds like a lot of food right?  IT WAS!  The mussels were an appetizer and the size was delightfully large.  They were very tasty.  This could've been a meal alone.  The fish tacos and clam roll come with two sides each.  We ended up scrapping two of the sides because we knew we'd never eat it all.  We got a side of fries (crisp, brown, tasty) and coleslaw (very tasty....and I'm not a huge slaw fan).  The tacos were EXCELLENT.  If every restaurant had fish tacos around here I'd probably be constantly eating them.  The fish was so delicate and fried perfectly.  My only complaint was that they were a tick too saucy.  The sauce (sorry, not sure what it was) was a great compliment to the fish, just a bit too much.  The clam roll (strips) was also very tasty and the little clammies were nice and tender.  They bring the food to your table (lickety split I might add) and (bonus!) they have a couple of beers and wine too.So....yeah.  We will be back.  We need to try the chowder, the ME lobster roll n' more.  Oh and they seem to do a booming take out business too.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,7/7/2014,79,188,7,5,3>Said I'd be back and just made it over there. Stopped in with my coffee and a vague plan. Sat by myself this time and made what is guaranteed to be an ugly-as-sin creation, but it was fun and I think the recipient who is too young to know better will appreciate it. The staff acknowledged me right away, gave some helpful tips, and dropped by occasionally to check in. I liked the balance of helpfulness with leaving-me-aloneness. I was able to sit back with my coffee and paint. Very chill.  I thought the price was reasonable and I'll have the "art" in one week.  I'll definitely be back again for some therapeutic craftiness. (This does not reflect on the business itself, but there were some eyeroll-worthy helicopter moms in there with their precious snowflakes, which made for some hilarious eavesdropping. God, if only I could do Yelp reviews for parenting styles)
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,7/6/2014,31,127,2,3,2>Parking on the road is kinda hit or miss, but there's a (large for Hartford that's free) lot in the back of the businesses where you're able to park.The store itself is like every other Asian market. It carries a variety of miscellaneous staples in an Asian household. It's not inexpensive (I come from a predominantly Asian area where Asian goods are priced competitively), but it's not that bad at all. I love seeing snack foods from my childhood.THE reason I come here is specifically for the food (in the back). After a recommendation from a native Vietnamese Hartfordite, this has become my go-to spot for banh mi on the go. The bubble tea here isn't horrible, but that's because my H and I don't like powder-based drinks.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,7/5/2014,37,115,3,4,3>Had dinner at the Blue Plate last night, and had a great experience from start to finish. I'd give them five stars, but it seems irresponsible to do so after just having a burger...although it was a VERY good burger. (Order the small size unless you've just awoken from a months-long coma or returned from being stranded in the wilderness.) Service was excellent. Our waiter was very helpful and attentive, and both the manager and a woman I assume was an owner came over to check on us and make sure everything was up to par. The beer and cocktail selection seemed well above average, too...I wish I had had more time to sample it!
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/4/2014,48,117,2,4,2>One of many taquerias in the greater Hartford area, we met some friends here for a light dinner. It is comprised of an order line, where you can choose from a variety of tacos, burritos, nachos, quesadillas and such, and then customize them with dozens of tried and true ingredients.What impressed me right away was the cleanliness of the place. From top to bottom clean.The second thing that made this place stand out was the steady stream of people arriving for either eat-in or take-out. Obviously Three Amigos has built a clientele, and was easy to see why. The staff is friendly, the portions are great, and the prices are extremely reasonable.I had a steak burrito with black beans, rice, cheese, jalapenos, and fresh cilantro, which they chop to order...something I have never seen in any Mexican grill before. The result was a mouth-watering combination that said "Te Amo" with every bite.A small bag of tortilla chips accompany each order. You can also order them ala carte. There also appeared to be a salsa bar, which lay dormant during the evening, but I'm guessing is in full operation during lunch. In any case, the homemade salsa we received was loaded with flavor and a decent charge of heat.Looking forward to our next trip to Manchester, and to Three Amigos. Just close enough to the malls to be convenient, and just far away enough to avoid a huge meal-time waiting line. Olé!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,7/3/2014,312,447,4,7,8>Holy moly.The Cookie Monster ice cream here is a lifechanger.  Perhaps my strong feelings are due in part to an unwavering craving for chocolate chip cookies that I've had for weeks, but I don't think that's the whole reason.  This is just mindblowing, tastebud stimulating, aesthetically pleasing, ridiculously amazing ice cream.  Even my friend who was with me, the toughest critic and snobbiest of food snobs, agreed.  She said it was the best ice cream she'd ever had.  I love that it's blue.  I will go to great lengths to avoid using red food coloring in my red velvet cupcakes (hello, beet juice!)  but for some reason my brain registers that blue ice cream is ok (I'm not having it on the regular).  Especially when there are moist chocolate chip cookie crumbles in it and the base tastes like frosting.  What a dream.  An absolute dream.  The fan favorite, the crowd pleaser, Graham Central Station is probably still my number one but I don't know... the Cookie Monster might be tied with it or a very close second.  I also had Black Raspberry (a northern New England classic) when I came two days ago and its safe to say it was some of the best I've had.  The girl behind the counter let me sample a bunch more making the decision even harder because I did not taste a single one that I didn't like.  The Kahlua Chip is another once I almost couldn't walk away without.  Do I agree with my friend that this is the best ice cream? It's definitely up there!  I would say top two or three.  When I did my ice cream tour of Connecticut two summers ago the winners were UConn Dairy Bar in Storrs and Sweet Claude's in Cheshire (which also has a blue ice cream - the Smurf!  Also delicious).  It's at least as good as the others and probably even better.  Haven't stopped thinking about it for the past two days.  Can't wait to come back!  Looking forward to ice cream dates on the patio once it starts to get warmer.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,7/2/2014,803,1274,23,28,24>The Groupon got me in, but the pizza will probably get me back.Simsbury is blessed with some great pizza joints- Luna, Joe Pizza, Little City, and First and Last come to mind right off the bat. But armed with my Groupon, I set foot into Little Mazen for the very first time today.First impressions were it's small -just a few tables and chairs and some counter stools. Makes sense because Mazen is primarily a take out and delivery place. When you walk in, you'll see some pretty huge pizzas perched in a display case, and what is freaking amazing is that the pizzas are cut into quarters because they offer the largest pizza slice I have ever seen for $4 and change.We did a take-out order of a large antipasto salad ($9.59) and a large cheese pizza ($16.95).The salad has a lot of meat in it and the lettuce was cold, fresh, and crisp. We just split one half of it for lunch, so it definitely contains 4 servings. One annoying and petty thing I have to mention, when asked what dressing  wanted, I asked for 2 and was told he's have to charge me for one. That seems way cheapo. Nevertheless, the salad was a solid choice.Simply put, the pizza was outstanding. Excellent thin crust. Delicious sauce exploding with flavor. Plenty of cheese.  As good as anything I've had around here.It's located way up in the northern part of Simsbury, near the Skating Center and almost to the Granby line. I would definitely order from here again if I was in the immediate area.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,7/1/2014,63,76,4,5,3>I have a great time every time I come here! A lot of that is due to the atmosphere and service - it's so laid-back, but still energetic, so you just feel like having a good time the second you walk through the door - whether that's in the middle of peak summer heat or in the dead of winter. For this reason, the bar can get pretty packed, but don't be put off - it usually isn't too hard to get a table in the rest of the restaurant.  Atmosphere aside, on to the food! I have stuck pretty faithfully to ordering a variety of tacos each time I come, so here's a quick rundown to guide you:Sesame rib-eye - GREATBaja fish - GREATFried oyster - GREATSpicy chorizo - goodRed snapper - goodCurry shrimp - goodPortobello - Skip-ableAs you can see, it's entirely a great place for omnivores and pescatarians, but may not have the best selection for the vegetarian crowd?   It's fun to order a bunch of tacos and share with your friends. They come on big trays, which adds to the "hey, we're just havin' fun" vibe. There are three house-made salsas on the table - they are delicious to sample, but be careful not to drown your tacos in them - the fillings don't stand up well against them. I'm partial to the yellow salsa - it's crazy spicy and vinegar-y and a tiny amount gives the perfect kick to most of the tacos.Also - yes, you do want the guacamole. Yes, get the large. Yes it is $9. Who cares, you are having FUN tonight, remember?  Toss back a couple Port Chester Revivers, a perfectly lovely gin and cucumber cocktail (eat that gin-soaked cucumber!) and you'll feel better, I promise.Finally: desserts. The churros and chocolate sauce are delicious. And the chocolate tamale is very good as well - get it with the coconut gelato (as recommended by our waiter) and you will be loving life.In summary: good food, great time, GO!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,6/30/2014,258,368,,7,2>We had a lovely dinner for two last night.  The atmosphere is very nice.  You have the option of sitting inside or outside.  The outside porch is heated this time of year.  It's a very typical looking Italian restaurant with its Tuscan colors and Roman art.  The parking gets full quickly, so you may have to park across the street in the overflow lot.  Its located right across the street in front of a Stop & Shop plaza.  Also, it can get busy on a Friday or Saturday night, so reservations will be needed.    The food is great.  I started with the Baby Bella mushroom caps.  These bad boys were stuffed with spinach and a Ritz cracker stuffing.  I couldn't tell what kind of cheese was being used, but it had a wonderful flavor.  They tasted fresh, looked great and had a very strong cheesy flavor.  Kia couldn't have this because she is allergic to mushrooms, so I won! We both had the chicken cacacciatore.  I had mine over garlic mashed potato with a side of a veggie medley.  I think it was a combo of eggplant and another vegetable.  Kia had the dish over rice polenta  with a side of asparagus and no mushrooms of course.  Everything looked lovely and the food was of course on point.  The chicken was well prepared, the mashed garlic potato had a smooth garlic taste and on the chunky side.  I like!  For dessert we had the house cappuccino and shared a fresh tiramisu dessert.   The service was friendly and agreeable. They were on point in terms of filling our water glasses and in getting all three courses out without issue.  It was a smooth night and we were both extremely pleased.  This a cute place to meet up with people, be it family, friends or a date.  Very nice! Pros: -Fresh food. -Good service.-Available parking.-Prices are moderate to high.  Nothing really that expensive in terms of a good dinner.  Come down for lunch and have a cappuccino!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,6/29/2014,173,343,2,8,4>Who would have thought that a non-descript building on the SIlas Dean Highway in Wethersfield could hold so much good food, but it does.  Enter these doors and what awaits you is something that is harder to find these days in a society where  - quick and ready is the norm.Think fresh linguine - but not just semolia pasta.  On my most recent foray trays of squid ink and saffron pasts waited in the many coolers for customers to snatch up to create a version of Little Italy in their own home.But the feast does not stop there - freezer cases filled with shelves of pasta - from meat and cheese tortellini, gnocchi, and what I always go for - the ravioli.  But not just your standard meat and cheese ravioli (which are tasty) - think Gorgonzola, lobster, sausage and spinach, roasted vegetable, butternut squash, and pumpkin.And to round out your meal - make sure you try some of their freshly made sauces and homemade garlic bread, which I recommend dipping in their pesto sauce.  Heaven in a biteThe owner - although not there as often anymore - was there on my most recent visit and gave me some great tips on the types of sauces I should make to accompany my ravioli - they were all spot on. Additionally - they sell a variety of sandwiches, side dishes, and other Italian staples making it easy, to pick up on the way home from work after a long day, pop in the oven for dinner, and be soon enveloped in Italian comfort.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,6/28/2014,397,324,4,7,3>I was hesitant to try a new take out place as I'm a loyal Black Bamboo fan. I'm glad I gave New Asia a try because the food was fresh and "healthy". I ordered wings, chicken fried rice, Hunah chicken and an egg roll. Initially when I saw the coloring of the rice I wanted to kick myself for giving a new place a try. The rice is lighter than the typical Chinese fried rice. I use very little salt in my cooking and was able to detect it after a few nibbles of the rice.  I thought I wouldn't like it but it's nice that the rice had many different types of veggies. I would order again simply bc this is the healthiest tasting fried rice I have ever eaten. The Hunah chicken was so so. I don't know if it was worth $8 bc the container the food was packaged in was extremely shallow. The meat was fresh but sorta skimpy. The fried chicken was fried chicken. Nothing special. I did notice that it didn't stay crunchy long. After 15 mins of my order arriving my chicken lost it's crunch. I guess less chemicals? Four stars for being decent in the area. Fresh veggies and moist rice is a plus!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,6/27/2014,35,116,2,7,2>Prettiest, most unexpected, elaborately divine birthday cake ever! For the absolute affordable price! Taste and aesthetics were more than present in my delicious marble cake filled with chocolate hazelnut ganache and covered in sweet vanilla buttercream. The way the cake was decorated was like no birthday cake I've ever had - purple and white gum paste flowers accented with edible sugar glitter. Happy Birthday was written on a nice fondant banner. My boyfriend ordered the cake the day before in store which was a breeze. The 6'' round more than fed 10 adults and was too tall to fit in the cake box. If you don't have the foresight (of one day) to order a cake ahead, there are many elaborately decorated equally delicious I'm sure cakes in the case the likes of red velvet, carrot, and cannoli. Service is super friendly in Bolo and parking in downtown Plainville is easy. We've been back to enjoy many a giant cookie. Such a great bakery - and this is coming from a baked good snob who thinks she knows it all. So there.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,6/26/2014,88,118,2,9,3>As far as sushi lunch specials go, this truly is the best I have found. Now, hear me out. Panda King is no fancy pants establishment. There are no homestyle potatoes, or dumplings, or teriyaki medley options with their sushi lunch specials. Rather, they stick with the classics: miso soup, salad with ginger dressing, and your rolls. As a locavore vegetarian, I truly appreciate the hearty, full pint size portion of miso soup included in the lunch special. It's a great way to warm up, especially in these wintery New England months. The salad is served in its own container, with an overzealous amount of ginger dressing on the side, which is awesome. I always get their cucumber avocado roll, and the potato and onion roll, both of which come with eight pieces. That's right, eight. Not six. Eight. So for $8.75 for two rolls, or $10.75 for three, it is a fantastic value. The inside of the restaurant is sparse on furniture, and heavy on stuffed panda decor. It's a decent size space, but only has a handful of tables in the dark interior, which feels kind of awkward. But, I don't hate it. It's growing on me every time I go in to grab my to-go lunch. I'll have to slow down and actually have lunch in the restaurant sometime and report back. I can tell you that the people behind the counter are always exceptionally nice, and get my order right without fail. This is currently my favorite sushi lunch spot, for sure.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,6/25/2014,121,215,2,4,2>Oh hello delicious Tandoori chicken....how red and moist and inviting you...*COUGH*...WHOAAAAAA...you spicy little B...get over here!Nom Nom Nom..That's about how it went....The tandoori chicken is fantastic! The best I've had!The lamb was as it should be...You know a place is good when the majority of people crowding the tables with their adorable, well behaved children are Indian.(note to self....must buy myself a Sari... they are gorgeous!)I was a bit disappointed with the rice and gulab jamun though..for that.. I'd go to Mmumbai spice....down the street.Can't wait to try the buffet!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2014,6/24/2014,44,89,3,7,4>I love Julia's. Plain and simple.They just moved into the Trader Joe's parking lot into a new location that makes getting in and out so much easier, and it looks way more inviting.Julia's has the best staff. They seem to stick to mostly high school/early college aged girls who are all a bit quirky and interesting. They're happy to help you despite them probably having to be there at 6:30am and no one has ever given me any kind of attitude for any reason while I was there - not once, ever.The selection of pastries, baked goods, and breads is spot on. There's not too little and there's only just slightly too many amazing choices. I don't ever come in here and feel overwhelmed or intimidated. The staff is super knowledgeable and if they don't know something, they don't even hesitate to find someone to ask and find out for you. If you come right in the morning, some of the glazed items are still gooey and sticky - which I love - and you'll be welcomed by a punch in the face of fresh baked bread and goodies. It's the best way you'll wake up ever.Also great about this place is that they won't break the bank. Our daughter had asked for a Princess birthday cake for her 5th birthday. I quoted out other places and most wanted $75-$100 for a small version. We got this huge cake for $50-$60 (I can't quite remember) but it was enough to feed a small army. The Barbie was decorated in the prettiest lilac colored pattern and seeing her face light up was amazing.I cannot recommend this place enough. They don't typically carry high end pastries like macaroons, millefeuille or rugelach (at least I've never seen them, I'm sure if I asked they might do it), but everything they do is homemade and out of this world delicious.Personal favorites: chocolate croissants, any of their filled cupcakes, and their strawberry shortcake cake.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,6/23/2014,13,42,3,6,4>Ah Claire's. The vegetarian/kosher mecca of New Haven. The food is always great, and the location could not be more perfect. While I am partial to the soy buffalo chicken quesadilla and their lavender lemonade, you really cannot go wrong with anything on their menu (especially their desserts... yum). Other notable menu standouts: Fire Island sandwich and their soup of the day (it comes with a toasty, home-made bread roll!) This is one stop you need to make if you're either a New Haven native or just visiting.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/22/2014,149,237,2,7,3>This is by far the best pizza in the Hartford area and easily falls within the top 10 of pizza places in CT!  I would know because I love pizza and have tried the "best" places all over :-).  I've been coming here for over 4 years so this review is long overdue!Things I Love About Naples Pizza- Pizza is new haven style thin crust (each pizza can be made with a regular or wheat crust - FYI:  the wheat pizza is simply amazing!)- Pizza is always cooked to perfection (very consistently)- Pizza is always made with the perfect balance of sauce and cheese- Top quality ingredients are used (you will definitely be able to taste the difference)The pizza is a little pricier than what you'd normally pay at other places, but by all means definitely worth every dollar.  The pizza is available in different sizes and also can be purchased by the slice.In addition to the well executed pizza, Naples also serves a variety of pasta dishes, salads, and wings.  I like the chicken ala vodka, but everything I've tried has been very tasty!  The restaurant is primarily take-out, but does offer limited indoor and outdoor seating.  In terms of location, its tucked away in a corner next to Starbucks, but can easily be seen from Rt. 4.This place is definitely a "must try"!BTW, they sell Foxon Park Beverages, which is a staple usually found at all New Haven area pizza places.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,6/21/2014,43,182,3,8,3>These donuts are like mini works of art!  This is my "go to" place whenever I want to bring a treat into the office to share with my team.  People are always impressed by home unique and pretty these donuts are and I am constantly singing the praises of Tastease!  The shop is on a busy street, but there always seems to be at least temporary parking right out front to stop in and grab what you are looking for.  The woman behind the counter always suggests to me that I should order in advance, and offered me a card with phone number, etc, but I am more of a last minute kind of girl, so I am willing to take what's left of the donut selection when I walk in.  Looks like they may run out by mid-morning though, so order or come early!P.S. - The prices are very affordable, which is also great.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/20/2014,27,103,2,4,3>Believe the hype.  The staff are totally rad and friendly and the coffee is perfect.  I'm a regular coffee kind of girl but the couple in front of me ordered lattes on which the barista created an artistic foam picture on top.  We were all super impressed.  The menu has evolved over the years and they now are making breakfast and lunch sandwiches.  I've never had a bad thing off the menu.  Obviously the bread is the best around - it should go without saying.  The restaurant is tucked away on New Park Avenue but there is always plenty of parking.  Inside gets quite crowded but if you're lucky to get a seat you can sit and enjoy for as long as you like.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,6/19/2014,105,113,2,4,3>Hooray, I found a new takeout spot!I can't say I'd want to dine in here but, the food is great. I got the veggie combo, salmon rice and veggie sambusas to go. The injera kept the veggie combo tightly packed for the ride home and even if it looks like a facecloth, it tastes great!The sambusas are not to be missed, perfectly cooked, fried and delicious, a needed crispy complement to the mostly mushy vegetarian specialties. Will definitely be back for return to-go dinners when I don't feel like cooking.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,6/18/2014,33,132,4,16,6>Took my son here over Christmas break...Apparently, a similar (differently owned and operated) place opened in New Britain, but this spot is much closer to where we live in Wethersfield.  Seemed like the thing to do on a cold December day when outdoor activities were limited.  Location is on Brainard Road...Not exactly a spot known for its commercial attraction.  You're more likely to find warehouses and other industrial buildings here, but it makes sense to set up shop as you basically need a warehouse space for all those trampolines.  They smartly emblazoned both sides of the building with their logo, so you should be able to find once you are in the area.When you arrive, you will find a very noisy, crazy scene.  There were easily over 100 kids hooting and hollering in a warehouse with no noise suppression.  You will also find a very clean and modern place as well.  Lots of staff on premises to keep some semblance of order.  You can buy your 'tickets' online, but I highly recommend just showing up and buying onsite.  For one, there may be a special going on that you cannot take advantage of by purchasing online.  And two, there doesn't appear to be any issue with getting in at whatever time you show.Once you are in, it's a crazy and exhausting time.  For parents wondering, it's perfectly acceptable to get in on the fun (providing you buy a ticket) or to sit back in designated areas and watch your little ones bounce.  I took the plunge and thought it was awesome...If you are looking for some fun exercise, this will definitely fit the bill...I was tuckered out after my 60 minutes.  There is a standard bounce area, a foam pit that you can springboard into, and 2 dodgeball areas....I was surprised at how most areas were suited well for everyone from 4 - 50 years old.  I had concerns that all of the different ages would result in some of the younger ones getting hurt, but everything just worked for both young and old...Outside of that, they have an arcade like area and food court.  Standard kid stuff (popcorn, sodas, fast food) and chance to win tickets for kids toys.  All good I guess...Wish they didn't hit you with it on the way in and out...but get why they set it up that way.Tips:  Before you go, head over to their website and fill out the waiver form online.  Will take you 5 -10 minutes and actually save you the time that you would have to wait around to use their onsite computer terminals to do the same thing.  Once you do it remotely, you will get an email in 2 minutes confirming they received and you can go straight to the ticketing counter.  When I went, it was crazy busy and I would have waited 15 minutes just to fill out the waiver.Dress light (or layer) if you plan to bounce.  Don't wear a sweater like me or you'll be sweating like crazy.  The smart ones come dressed in athletic garb.  If you have socks with grips, bring those.  Or you can buy from them.  Not that you absolutely need it, but will help...those trampolines are kind of slippery!  I made do without, so no worries.Foam Pits - For an adult, they are fun to jump into...but be warned....they are a pain to get out of...
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/17/2014,80,717,8,7,6>What sorcery is this?!How does something like this survive in Downtown New Britain, even in Little Poland? It's an absolute visual and gastronomic spectacle, hiding inside a withering brick building that one would frankly expect to house a brothel.Everything ever is here... Deli meats, cheeses, 15-20 kinds of kielbasa, fresh breads, bakery and desserts, a combination deli counter/coffee station/ice cream shop, Polish dry goods, Polish beer, even a health & beauty aids section in the back.I don't even know what half of this stuff is, but some of it is going in my fridge on a regular basis. Prices aren't exactly in Wal*Mart territory, but are nevertheless highly reasonable. Many of the kielbasas and deli meats are $4-5 a pound, a big jar of pickles is around $3... can't lose here.Brush up on your Polski before you come... many of the employees no speak-a da English. Or just work on your gesticulation skills...
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/16/2014,125,121,1,6,5>I'm so stoked to have stumbled upon Down To Earth Coffee House! The first things I noticed when I walked in were the ambiance and decor. I'm really digging the juxtaposition between cozy and sleek here: funky local artwork, granite countertops, folksy live music played by a patron on his acoustic guitar. Comfy seating, an ultra-modern wall-mounted fireplace.My gluten-free biscotti and valencia latte were delicious! To top it off, the workers were sweet as anything, and kept smiling throughout their shift.I will definitely be back to try out their cappuccino and other biscotti flavors!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/15/2014,250,122,4,5,5>Tisane is great for a coffee date or drinks before a night out. And after having actually eating here, figured I give 'em a shout out.They're open at 7:30am during the week and 8am on weekends. Which, if you're in the area, is great to grab one of their many great teas or some coffee before you head into work, something I try to do while I'm in the area. Halfway between an indie bar or coffee spot, I've always found Tisane's to be a good chill/date spot. $5 happy hour, great cocktail menu, and cool vibes - why wouldn't it be? Tuesdays is LGBT friendly FYI, and they host a karaoke night during the week. I have yet to try their infamous brunch, but I am excited to with all the hot fuzz I've been hearing. I have had their cheesesteak sandwich though! Thanks Anthony P. for the recommendation, it was surprisingly tasty/filling/and delicious! I really dig the portobello melt and the tofu and veggie potstickers.I'm a whiskey and scotch guy, so I haven't tried many of their martinis but the expresso martini isn't too shabby. I usually by their "black sheep manhattan" - SO.DAMN.GOOD Nothing on draft, only bottled-beers - but fret not! There is a very comprehensive cocktail menu to get lost in. Haven't tried any of their teas either, but their red and black eye is great if you like your coffee strong.When it's nice out, the patio and lounge area is perfect to kick back and relax. Loungey cafe, artsy-fartsy bar, Tisane's is one of those venues you wish Hartford had more of!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,6/14/2014,41,183,,5,2>An offshoot from the flagship Maximum Beverage in Bishops Corner, this new location is a welcome addition to Farmington. With their wide choices of beer, wine and spirits, plus a sampling area and a select batch of artisanal cheeses, this new liquor store brings a touch of class and something extra to its offerings of libations. The space is clean, well lit, organized, the staff attentive and ready to give suggestions, and truly they have quite a lot of drinks to choose from, from box wine to high shelf whiskey, and the prices are about average. I know I'll be coming here often!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,6/13/2014,56,133,2,11,3>Growing up Korean means that you are exposed to very traditional food sometimes. Luckily for me, I grew up Italian :) It doesn't mean, however, that I am not well-versed in Korean cuisine or etiquette, and I know poor Korean food and service. Seoul has neither poor cuisine or service. It's actually pretty darn awesome. It's actually better than the place I went to in K-town in NYC. As far as Korean restaurants in the CT area go, this is certainly the best one so far. It is a pretty nice place when you walk in, even though it's in a strip mall plaza near West Farms. I didn't have high hopes, but the pictures and menu looked fantastic, so I figured, "why not?" The first thing I noticed were all the Korean faces at the tables - always a good sign.I was there with two other people, and in an effort to branch out (because I *always* order dolsot bibimbap if it's on the menu), we opted for "Combination A," which is listed to feed three people. It had bulgogi, kalbi, and chadol-baegi. It came with soondubu, kimchi-jeon, steamed egg casserole, and banchan. While the online menu suggests it comes with alcohol, it doesn't, but it didn't matter. There was SO. MUCH. FOOD. Like, so much, that the three of us didn't finish it - it would have easily fed four people. Our ahjummas (waitresses) were very good and they seemed happy when I called them that. Their English isn't the *best* so we did need to translate a bit with the Google Translate App, but in the end, it was pretty awesome and they were not overbearing. The bill for just the combination was $95 before tip, but given the amount of food, I wouldn't hesitate to pay it again. It's a fun way to introduce my American friends to Korean food, and it's a great social atmosphere. I'd love to go back and try the japjae, kimchi-jjigae, and of course, the dolsot-bibimbap.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,6/12/2014,138,275,2,8,4>Butterfly Restaurant has been my go-to Chinese place ever since I moved to the area seven years ago.  Before I met Jason M., I would get take out there often.  Since I have met Jason M., I have fallen in love with their fabulous food and wonderful service.  If you are lucky enough, there will be someone playing the piano for you!With a Restaurant.com voucher, you can dine there at a reasonable price.  With karaoke in the back on the weekends, I can guarantee you that you will have fun at the most wild place in Hartford County.  I ensure my out-of-town friends that this is the place to be on at Saturday night!Warning:  You may want a DD when you go there because their mixed alcoholic drinks are freakin' INSANE!!!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,6/11/2014,98,169,,9,2>Consistent is the best word to describe the Wood N Tap in Rocky Hill.  I am a frequent customer here and never have had a bad experience.  I always sit in the bar half of the restaurant.  Service is always quick and on point, whether at the bar or at a high top table.  The food is always good... I rotate between three options (I like what I like!) and they're always tasty.  The happy hour and late night tappy hour have so many choices of food and drink, and the prices are great.  There are usually different types of promotions going on or special menus running.  They cater, and they are very generous when it comes to donations for events and fundraisers.  Right now if you check in on Yelp there is a free dessert to be claimed! The place is always packed, and there's a reason!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/10/2014,70,139,4,7,4>Bacon wrapped dates, do I need to say more?! This place is such a great addition to the Bloomfield area and so close to work for me!! I've come here for many happy hours and have had dinner a few times. Each time has been great - food is so flavorful. My favorite dish is by far the truffle Mac n' Cheese - seriously genius!!! I've also had a burger here before and it was cooked the way I asked for it. My goal is to try that $50 burger sometime and probably lick the plate afterwards....wait, I do that now. ;) My boyfriend swears by the salmon burger with kimchi on top. The service has always been wonderful and the bartenders are quick, engaging and they know the regulars.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,6/9/2014,55,59,3,4,3>i had my second visit here this past weekend. both times for lunch, once late on a friday and this past was saturday afternoon. each time mine was the only table but several people came in for carry out. i can vouch for the carnitas quesadilla and the chile relleno. the burrito looks enormous (way too much for me!) and my lady had the tacos which come standard in a soft corn tortilla but are also available *crunchy*. their flavor didn't blow me away..carnitas was good, steak didn't have much flavor. for 2 dos equis, two tacos w/rice and beans and chile relleno left us with a 33$ tab and two take out boxes. not bad by my measure.i will leave this among the top mexican food spots for now and surely be back for more!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,6/8/2014,418,463,3,8,5>My fiance was going to play a game of pick-up soccer in Glastonbury so I decided to turn to yelp for a nail salon...to kill time of course!  ;-)I was very pleasantly surprised!I called ahead to make an appointment.  I was running early so I showed up before my appointment time and they were able to accommodate and friendly about it.Michelle was my nail tech for my french gel manicure and she did an excellent job!  She was very careful on filing my nails to the same length and very quick at applying the Shellac.I was really impressed with process of walking you to the sink and drying your hands for you.Also the ingenious idea of placing the hot towel in a plastic bag for the neck massage!  Brilliant!  Woohoo!Couple of cons-I should have paid cash.  They give a discount for paying in cash.-They can't put the tip on the credit card transaction so I had to go down the street, totally walk-able, to the Bank of America.-I should have paid more attention when I asked for a french manicure because when I got outside I noticed the pink base color was actually a pearlescent pink.  It made me feel like a 12 year old.  I strongly prefer a matte pale pink, like Essie's mademoiselle or something comparable.   When I mentioned my disappointment in the color (When I came back to tip Michelle in cash) the gentleman was very polite and said I could come back and they would fix it.  I just said next time I'll bring in my own shellac pink color and pay attention.    :-)
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,6/7/2014,976,1376,2,5,2>Where has jerk Jamaican food been all my life? I grew up in California and had never has jerk chicken or pork. It was SO good. I am going to be a regular. People are going to need to pull me away from this place. The owner is super nice as well. It is a bit difficult to find (I used GPS) but once you do you'll be glad you did. I tried the jerk pork and chicken because I couldn't make up my mind. Both were excellent. There is also a parking lot so parking won't be an issue. You can smell the deliciousness from the parking lot.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,6/6/2014,83,174,2,7,5>Adjacent to a nice little Italian joint,It a cute lil' bar that is surely on-point.Great place to grab a drink with a hot date,And if you have time for food, I can tell you it's great.I had never heard of this place, but it's my friend's favorite bar so I gave it a shot. Walked into a small, quaint room with high ceilings and a very welcoming atmosphere. Picked a small table in the back near the fireplace, which was very nice on a night where it was -2 degrees in Connecticut. The draft beer selection was excellent, and I ordered one of my favorites: Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale. They had a wide array of IPAs and Stouts as well as your generic American light beers.We were greeted by a nice waitress who was very attentive the entire night. She kept the drinks coming and was knowledgable about the menu. I ordered a calzone, and it could not have been better. Crispy exterior stuffed with fresh, hot ingredients and delicious marinara sauce. I devoured the entire thing and then couldn't fit any more beer in the tank.The dinner crowd had a nice mix of people, but around 10pm the place turned into a zoo of 21-year olds looking to get lucky. A live band came on around this time as well, and they were OK. This place has whatever you are looking for, from a great place for dinner and good craft beer to a good late-night spot with mingling singles. Nice big parking lot and nice big bar. Do it.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/5/2014,23,65,2,8,3>Can I add a sixth star? I'm not sure if the ownership has changed...I haven't visited for a few months, and I didn't recognize any of the people working there. However, the food was better than ever. Instead of pho (which I had just made at home a couple of nights before), I ordered the bun (vermicelli/salad/etc/with grilled pork and egg roll) and a couple of spring rolls. I was totally blown away. I think this was the best bun I've ever tasted. They added some fried onions, and the grilled pork appeared to be pork belly -- iow, bacon. Or something in-between the usual grilled pork and bacon. Whatever, it was incredibly insanely awesome. The dish also included one small fried egg roll cut into four pieces, and a grilled pork patty, a flavorful but otherwise bland sausage cut into chunks. Lots of mint, cukes, sprouts, carrot, and all the other goodies...just mind blowing.Oh, and the fresh spring rolls were almost a meal unto themselves. No wimpy two-bite rolls here. Big, loaded with choice of pork or chicken, with fresh peanut sauce. I should have ordered a dozen to go.Pho Saigon is small and nothing fancy, but still the gold standard in terms of flavor!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,6/4/2014,83,167,5,10,7>I'm so glad Middletown has another Japanese restaurant, and I'm hoping that they will prove to be a solid choice and a go-to for when I'm in the area.  My family recently gathered here for my birthday, thanks to the positive Yelp reviews and the spirit of trying out the new place in town.  Its been years since I've done hibachi, but it seemed like a fun thing to do with a group including my young niece and nephew.  Aside from some slightly shaky service (we frequently had to flag someone down) and a questionable bar menu (two members of my party sent back their "Cosmos" stating they had a cherry flavor and tasted "nothing like a Cosmo"  ((I concur that they were bright red and had maraschino cherries)), it was an excellent time.  We loved the show put on by the hibachi chef and had fun with him, and loved the food even more.  Seriously, even a day or two later, I found my mind drifting off to the flavorful fried rice and perfectly prepared shrimp, salmon and veggies.  Everyone in my party went with the hibachi meals and were super happy with it.Spoiler alert- if its your birthday, they will put an Asian hat on your head as the dessert comes out, and put a picture of you in the foyer.  I noticed the collection of photos as I came in and completely forgot about it until the hat made an appearance later on.  I was a blend of mortified and amused, and my first reaction to seeing my photo was, wow, look at that culturally insensitive jackass.  But hey, they put it on me, so whatever, I guess.Anyway, this was a good visit that left me wanting to come back.  There is a sushi bar and alcohol bar downstairs that I want to check out, and there are a few tatami tables behind  privacy curtains that are oh-so-fun.  Plus, a sign advertised happy hour specials- my favorite.  Moonlight, I think you and I could be friends!
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,6/3/2014,19,69,2,5,3>I go to Cinestudio often, and I never knew this place existed.  My friends went to the cinema on Sunday evening to find the movie we expected to see was not playing.  Thus, knowing it was Sunday evening our options for opened places was limited. A quick Yelp search and I found that this coffee shop was not only opened, but opened until midnight.  Perfect.The coffee offered there, and the preparation is very European. They offer gluten-free, organic, free-trade food.  There is free wifi and loads of comfy seating for studying or just chilling out.  A great little gem near the studio.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/2/2014,62,151,2,6,3>I LOVE sacred movement. Ive spent time at many other yoga studios in the area and i tried this one on a "new student" special that was 30 days for $30. The staff and teachers are incredibly friendly. The classes are welcoming and relaxed, they really make you feel like part of a group. Time is pent going over each movement, explaining techinques and offering variations to make certain poses easier or harder depending on ability. Id recommend this for any beginning, but also anyone who's been doing yoga for awhile. Jeff's weekend morning power classes, as well as some of the weeknight power classes are challenging, im building great strength and some pretty awesome arm muscles. Its a nice balance of strength and balancing poses, coupled with relaxation and heat building. Unlike some other studios, sacred movement is never overly crowded, which i really appreciate during my practice. I always had my own space. They only have one, mirrorless room and i think it makes you focus on how your body "feels" in a pose rather than looks in a pose, which is great. the big velvet curtain that closes off one entire side of the room makes it cozy and quiet. The only down side for me is that now that my 30 days are up, their monthly prices or othermemerships are pretty pricey. I want to go back but, $160 a month is high and Im not sure Im ready for that commitment quite yet. I wish there were a couple more pricing options. other than that.....I would highly recommend this yoga studio!!
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/1/2014,70,177,2,9,2>My husband and I went to Treva over the weekend before seeing Book of Mormon at the Bushnell. We were seated right on time and the waitress said she would make sure we would not be late for our show. We started out with wine and bread with oil. The oil was delicious! I ate way more bread than I should have because I couldn't get enough of the oil.We ordered the steamed mussels in a red sauce for an appetizer, along with a Caesar salad and arugula salad. They were all very tasty. The mussels were a little tiny but the sauce that went with it was great.I had a hard time choosing my meal because it all sounded so good. I finally decided on the maltagliati with butternut squash, mushrooms, asparagus and truffle oil. I was so happy with my choice! It was so, so delicious. The homemade pasta was nice a fresh and the truffle oil made the dish. My husband had the sea scallops with polenta, which was perfectly cooked and really, really tasty.The only drawback is that the place is sort of small (the side that we sat on, at least) and the tables are close together. But that aside, I would definitely return for that maltagliati!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,5/31/2014,5,68,5,7,5>Went with a group and shared a variety of dishes. Everything was very good, especially the lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala - both were tangy and had great depth of flavor. The saag mushroom was also very good, but milder than I'm used to in a saag, whereas the chana masala was hotter than we expected. The appetizer platter was alright, but not on the same level as the main dishes.Their online menu still shows the chef's special (thali-style) option, but this wasn't listed on the normal menu, so I'm not sure if they still do it. Staff was friendly & the service was great. Love the Indian decor and the low-key lighting. Overall, I'd say this is one of the better Indian restaurants in the central CT area.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,5/30/2014,29,88,2,7,2>The Lemek family is a staple in Tolland, and they've been in the florist / gardening business for decades.  This is a relatively new location, so I want to spread the word!The quality of product you find here absolutely blows away anything else that you'll find in the area.  If you currently buy your plants from Home Depot, think again, and try this place out.  You'll be pleasantly surprised by the affordability and selection.They also have a great selection of bird houses that are hand-crafted in house using recycled materials.  Perfect little trinkets for the yard!  Support your local business and check it out!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,5/29/2014,23,731,3,10,5>NOTE.....This is owned by the people who also own that BEER CAVE.  That's right, they also own Harvest LIQUOR STORE!With that being said, they are thinking about adding a small beer cave in this place, too! Great! Because the manager who runs this convenience store is ALSO the manager at the liquor store, so you can talk shop with him, while grabbing an ice cream, bubble gum, and a Coke!This place has everything you need in a convenience store, and then some! It's like a Starbucks, meets 7-11, meets a possible beer cave! And if they put a beer cave in this place, this will not be your 40 ounces of Old English and 12 packs of Natural Ice. This is going to be the good stuff!I mean, this place has everything! From my good ol' Latino staple coffee........CAFE BUSTELO to awesome high quality 70% to 90% pure Cacao chocolate from exotic Latin countries.So why did I give this place my stingy 5 stars? Because it knocks all of the convenient stores out of the water, serving ice cream, better than your McDonald's grade coffee, high quality chocolates, and they even sell a jar of pickled stuff from Brooklyn Brewery! Come on! Cumberland Farms, 7-11 or generally any other gas station in Hartford is not going to give you all of this great stuff. Oh, oh, and they accept EBT for anyone who thinks they were getting too pretentious! ;)This place is a Bohemian's delight!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,5/28/2014,20,36,1,11,3>I was disappointed when I drove in one afternoon to my favorite pizza place in Enfield just to find that it has been replaced by a new pizzeria. My disappointment was soon replaced with excitement when I found a more extensive menu and had my first pizza from Vinny's: the shrimp scampi pizza. The crust was not too thin or thick but just perfect. It is nothing like the greasy pie you will find at many other pizza placed. It does not weigh you down either. They have a Facebook page that is updated with new recipes and offerings all the time. I recently tried the sweet and sour wings wit pineapple and pepperonicini  this week and they were succulent and juicy. So check out the Facebook page if you decide to order something from Vinnys. This is a take out place during the winter and they put out some tables in the summer. I hope they expand sometime soon. Vinny's is a great local spot for some amazing fresh pizza pies.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,5/27/2014,40,26,3,6,3>This is probably one of my favorite spots to go to in West Hartford. I am so glad that I found this place after living in the area for 10  years. They have a small bar that is great to grab a drink and dinner (stools for about 6-8 people). Great if your dining alone or with a friend. They also have bar area seating that is nice, quiet and intimate.The food is out of this world. Plates are small but the price reflects that. I always get the Salmon which is incredible, perfectly cooked and seasoned. You will want order another one (trust me). I tried the pork tacos for the first time last night and I will definitely be back for more. I've had real California style tacos and these are competitive. The French onion soup is a variation from your traditional soup so it's worth a try if you're adventurous. Truffled risoto balls a great as well. Service is always excellent. Overall, this place is a winner all around. I've never had a bad experience here and will be back for more!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,5/26/2014,48,120,3,5,2>Yay!  We have found our new go-to breakfast spot!  Stir The Pot truly delivered for fast, friendly, fresh food.  My man and I stopped in for breakfast, after reading some pretty good Yelp reviews-- SO glad that we did.  We walked in a little before 9 a.m. on a Saturday and there was plenty of seating to be found.  We were told by the friendly man at the register (the owner perhaps?) to sit wherever we like and were quickly offered hot coffee or juice.  We got two hot coffees, nice and flavorful, not too strong or too weak.  We were presented with a regular menu and a "specials" menu.  The specials menu had adorable Easter themed items, and the wait staff backed it up with super cute bunny ears. We both chose something off that menu because they seemed too good to pass up- I got the fresh blackberry pancakes with home-made blackberry syrup and he got the carrot cake waffle with cream cheese icing drizzle.  We also shared a side of corned beef hash (freshly made in house).  YUM!  I cannot say this enough- the food was so so so so good.  It was fresh, hot, and DIFFERENT!  I was absolutely pleased.  The pancakes were plump, juicy and fluffy and the syrup was not too sweet- the carrot cake waffle was a slice of heaven, sweet, unbelievably flavorful, and tender!  The has was good- we would have loved bigger chunks of corned beef, but we loved the crispy bits and the good flavor. There were so many things on their traditional menu that we really wanted to try- so we will most certainly be back.  It's so refreshing to find an affordable breakfast spot that actually sells some interesting, different choices! Bravo Stir The Pot!!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/25/2014,281,121,5,8,6>Finger lickin' good!! Well not actual finger licking because they don't do ribs in this BBQ joint, but you get the picture. From the culinary masterminds of Caseus, Mikro, and Ordinary, Jason Sobocinski and Mike Faber have partnered again up to open up a brick and mortar location for all to come in and sample their delicious BBQ creations. They have been serving their smoked meats at Ordinary for some time, but the demand was so high that they saw the opportunity to open up a lunchtime spot in a somewhat hidden location in a corporate development on Whitney Ave right at the intersection with Dixwell Ave. You'll definitely miss this place if you're not looking for it, so look hard and you shall be rewarded. There is a fair amount of seating and I appreciated the leather wrapped booth tables to give you that traditional BBQ joint feel. The abundant rolls of paper towels anchored at each booth table also come in handy when you have drippings all over your face and hands like this guy.Keeping up with their theme of sourcing local ingredients, they serve foxon park soda, blue river chips, and NoRa cupcakes. Plus all their sauces and sides are made from scratch daily and the freshness can definitely be tasted in each bite. In case you're wondering, the name Smoke Box BBQ comes from the converted Peking Duck smoker box which they use to slow smoke their meats over oak and apple wood chips. The staple protein choices are pulled pork, chicken, or thick slices of brisket. Each meat is packed with flavor and this pig lover over here's favorite is the pulled pork. You then can choose what you'd like your meat served over. Feeling healthy and don't want to be such a fatty yet still enjoy all the wonderful flavors that can only be achieved from BBQ? Get it over a romain salad dressed with their homemade BBQ Cesar dressing. Looking to carb load for that intense workout you plan to do after work? Get it over hand cut fries. Perhaps you're not feeling the whole fork and knife thing and want to get your hands all over a sammich. Go with the thick toast ciabatta. Or I'll let you in on a little secret...you can get it over their mac and cheese even though it's not advertised on the menu!  You can then choose which sauces (or sawz as they call it) you'd like and both BBQ sauces (NC apple cider vinegar if you're looking for more tartiness, TX spicy sweet and sticky if you're feeling in a sweeter mood) will tantalize your tastebuds. Being the condiment whore that I am, I usually get all the free toppings (slaw, smoked tomatoes, smoked jalepenos, pickled red onions), but you could be more of a BBQ puriest and wouldn't want all these additional ingredients to detract from your smoked meat experience. To each their own! The large box ($12 vs $9 for the half box) comes with a side salad. I know one Yelper felt ripped off by the price and quantity of food, but in my experience here I have left very stuffed and extremely satisfied.  Similar to the Caseus Facebook page, they post pics of their daily specials if you need some visual teasers of what's on the menu. But from the numerous pics that have already been posted of the focused menu here, there is plenty of eye candy to go around to show you what you've been missing. Right now they are only open during the week from 11am-2:30pm, but there is talk that they will be expanding to weekends and maybe even evenings. Until then, do like I did and make the most of a normally uneventful staycation day to dine in what is sure to be a BBQ staple in the sleepy town of Hamden. Or better yet, save that vacation day and call in sick from work just so you can get your butt over and stuff your face until you are really sick from overeating. Which leads to you needing to take a 2nd sick day to recover and prove to work that you were truly sick and not just faking it. Yeah, I'm definitely doing that tomorrow!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,5/24/2014,48,116,3,10,3>Scottish Dave is legit, people. And I'm talking the *person* Scottish Dave, not just the establishment that is his namesake. The man literally stands just inside amongst his patrons and greets all who walk in, introducing himself with a friendly handshake, his pleasantly thick accent, and, if you so like, a drink recommendation. (Have the Scottish brew Belhaven. It will certainly not disappoint.) There are darts, a jukebox, pool table, and yes, a menu featuring the haggis supper. No joke. Scottish Dave vouches for it ... Reportedly oats are what make it "fluffy." I instantly loved the man, but Imma gonna stick with Belhaven for now. Whether you're a haggis-lovin kinda guy or gal, this place has, eh, fookin grrrrrrate vibes and is so worth a visit.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/23/2014,154,96,3,9,4>Zinc is a consistent, more 'upscale' dining experience in New Haven. It's style can be described as 'new American' or farm to table, as it strives to source it's ingredients as locally as possible. What results is pretty classic, timeless dishes that are sure to satisfy any palate. Just ask my foodie family, who I brought here on graduation. I had initially booked Briq (yes, I was one of those slackers who waited until February to make a graduation reservation and all of my top choices were booked solid), but after a subpar dining experience there, I knew I had to regroup. Thank god Zinc was still available, and when we got there, I realized why. They had a $50 or $60 prix fixe for graduation. But the waiters were super nice about the fact that we didn't know and let us split between couples, given that it was only 5 pm and we were still full from graduation festivities.For starters, I'd recommend the duck nachos, peppadew poppers. I've had the shrimp on polenta and as a southerner, it doesn't pass the test. They also have special apps and main courses to select from. In terms of entrees, their fish is always perfectly cooked. The duck is okay - a little fatty in the skin and could be rendered longer. Their sea scallops are always good too.Oh, and make sure you save room for dessert! Zincs desserts are always delicious and not overpowering. Every dessert here I've had is good, from chocolate mousse to lemon meringue. Also, be on the lookout for restaurant week and their special chefs tables events. They're always an incredible deal for multiple courses and wine pairings. I recently did their local honey event and it was amazing (see my pics). The honey infused cocktails were amazing, as were all of the dishes, including a cured salmon and honeyed beets.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,5/22/2014,21,208,3,7,5>Last year at a fundraiser the owners had two brunch  prizes up for auction - so glad we won! From the moment you walk into this cozy Inn, Spa and restaurant you are met with very friendly staff.The brunch was all buffet with a carving station, omelet, pasta and much much more. To many choices!  The cooking staff were friendly and offered to help with creations of our choosing, everything was fresh and tasty. We started with very good Bloody Mary's;  a little more horseradish would have been ok. Only nit, the coffee while hot and fresh was not as strong as I like. A great desert selection! Bread pudding with chocolate chips - decadent.It was very busy and it was before the summer beach season - so make reservations! The view of the sound is delightful as well as seeing the docks, to bad we came early in the season so we did not get a marina full of boats. We will have to come back!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/21/2014,18,60,2,5,4>West Haven's best kept secret. Delicious Mexican food that reminds me of the cuisine I used to consume in California on a daily basis. From the mole burritos to the juicy chicken tacos to the haruchas (?), my mouth dances with happiness as I take each bite. Plus, the food is so cheap. It's a great value for excellent food. They also serve Italian, Greek and American food, which I hear is excellent. My mother in-law raves about their pancakes, which I'll have to try on my next visit. Another secret (and bonus!) is they sell their mole sauce for only $2 to take home and make your own meal.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,5/20/2014,119,118,3,8,5>A fellow employee recommended we do our working lunch here, and My taste buds have to agree that it was a great decision. There are a variety of burgers here, everything from veggie to meat and Mac ones! Yup, you heard it right, a burger with a fried macaroni and a layer or jalapeños! If your feeling adventurous, this is the place for your mouth to hang out.There's also a half and full order of sides ranging from sweet potatoes to onion rings. Believe me, the half order is more than enough.The place has a retro fell to it. There's also a microwave that is up for trade. Apparently, a customer tried to trade a huge steel container full of lard for it, that wasn't a go... So if you got something better, give them a try! LolThere's a decent amount of seating and here's the plus... There's a restroom! Boom! There's parking, another plus! Great place, can't wait to bring my family here.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,5/19/2014,5,165,3,11,5>Oh HELLLLLLL YES! Loved this place. The interior is very artsy..which I find awesome. The service and food? You couldn't ask for anything more!! Our server Kelsey was a hit from the start, delightful personality with a humorous edge, accommodating and very friendly. But the food is what had me at first bite! My coworker and I ordered tea to start (some of the best tea I have EVER had), then tried the pear and fig flat bread and my taste buds exploded in a frenzy of awe inspiring glee!! Every bite was perfection! If that wasn't enough, we both got the Gorgonzola stuffed pear salad and I thought I was going to pass out from taste overload....it was AMAZING! To polish off our amazing experience, Kelsey brought out this bowl with decorative rocks in it which smelled of gloriousness and then poured some dry iced type item over it and our table was smoking and fragrant!! SO COOL! I cannot wait to come back to this place and try their many delicious looking dishes, try their drinks and have some of their mouth watering desserts!! Thanks Pond House for a very memorable experience!! I am sure once I come back and try some other dishes, my rating of this restaurant will easily be bumped to 5 stars!!!!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,5/18/2014,132,600,3,6,4>I used to come here a bunch but for some reason, it had been probably 5 years since my last visit. Why the lack of enthusiasm? I'm not quite sure. And after a recent visit, we'll be coming back again much sooner.While it wasn't too busy to start, the dining room filled in as the lunch progressed.  Big parties, small parties. No matter. We ordered dirt wings and mozzarella sticks to start. Both came out quickly and hot! The sticks were nothing to speak of, but the wings were very good. Still moist with lots of good sauce dripping from the wings. No wonder these often win awards.The sandwiches were also big hits including the pork sliders, the burger and the french dip.  The dip was particularly good. It wasn't too big and the meat was nice and tender.  Service was very good -- though water took a bit to refill and our waitress did disappear for a bit after getting preoccupied with another table.The menu looks great with lots of fresh choices. J. Timothy may be an oldie, but it still shows us its a goodie.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,5/17/2014,234,178,3,7,4>Looking for a gift that will stand out as unique? A gift that will tell that special someone that you put some thought into it? Then head to Wave Gallery!Wave is a gift shop that offers a wide array of jewelry, chocolates, gadgets, and knickknacks. They carry common brands, like Pandora and Alex and Ani, but they also have jewelry pieces from designers around the world. Very cool.The staff is friendly and knowledgable. They are great at guiding you towards the perfect token of esteem. Best of all - complementary gift wrapping!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,5/16/2014,6,20,2,9,3>I love it here, it's a great place to come and chill after a long day,  and the food is awesome. Pizza is great, garlic knots are amazing, but the falafel wrap is by far my favorite! They have a nice selection of sheesha flavors (watermelon and mint is a great combination) and the staff has always been very friendly. On weekend nights it can get very crowded and loud but I find if you sit in the front room it's a much better experience.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,5/15/2014,28,86,2,6,4>This is one of the most gorgeous and historical places to see theater, probably in the world. The building is a landmark, beautiful and beautifully maintained, and so fun to wander around during intermission or free time. There is a lovely balcony area by the bar/refreshments, with a breathtaking view of the river. Even if you aren't seeing a show it's a fantastic place to visit. That said, every show I've seen here has been top-notch. There isn't a bad seat in the house and the theater itself is beautiful. This venue attracts some wonderful talent. Parking is pretty easy; there is a lot adjacent to the theater and it is no charge. The building is easily accessible by car and not difficult to find.Keep in mind, the age of the building means there are no elevators/ramps inside. If you or a loved one is handicapped, call before buying tickets to see how they handle this.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,5/14/2014,294,114,4,6,4>Richard Portfolio is one of the most passionate people I have ever met about his business and about the coffee that he makes. Fresh roasted beans in house with a real roaster you get to see once you walk in! This quaint quiet coffee shop offers the best quality coffee compared to starbucks, j renes, Hartford baking co, and all others!  I'm a fan of the iced lattes, which come in so many flavors I can't even count.  My favorites are the "totally nuts" "highland grog" and "almond joy" coffees! Perfect balance of everything.  Please try this place! Also, the Coffee Trade is a wonderful place to buy trinkets, gifts, antiques, seasonal and holiday themed!  Tell them Joe sent you!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/13/2014,19,119,5,10,6>Dear Sirinan's. I love you. I do. I love you for making me realize that I can love a purely vegetarian dish. Me, who once despised almost every veggie out there. Your Curry Puffs are amazing. They are sweet and savory.  I love your Pineapple Fried rice. I especially love that you put raisins in it. I love that you let me take out what I don't want ( carrots) and it still tastes wonderful. Your waitresses are lovely and friendly. I always enjoy your Ice'd coffee and I also like the quiet and warm atmosphere of your place. *sigh* The only thing I don't like is having to wait for money so that I can come and eat more Thai food.  Yum.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,5/12/2014,88,253,2,9,6>One of the things that I enjoy is treating myself to a multi-course meal and people watching. I stopped by Max's Oyster Bar after work to do just that. What an amazing meal! The service was excellent, but then again it always is when you dine alone. My server was prompt and attentive and the manager also checked on me a couple of times. I had the Proscuitto Wrapped Shrimp and an assortment of raw oysters to start. The Stonington Sea Scallops were my main course with a side of sweet potato fries. I did not have time for dessert but I have my eye on those molten chocolate truffle beignets and the whiskey cinnamon bread pudding! This is easily one of my favorite restaurants in Blue Back Square.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,5/11/2014,27,66,2,6,5>Atmosphere:Casual, comfortable, and warm. Breakfast bar, booths and tables. Nice!Food:We were in for breakfast. My friends ordered Eggs Benedict, and 2 different kinds of omelets. I had 2 eggs (over easy) and home fries. We all split a short stack of pancakes just because we wanted to try it since the menu told us we'd "fall in love". My favorite part of the meal was the home fries! So good! And the pancakes were fluffy and good.Service:Excellent. From the moment I walked in, everyone was warm and kind. Didn't feel rushed or like I was an inconvenience. We had a few different servers throughout the meal and each waitress was great. That's rare.Basically, I will be going back even though it's about a half hour away from me. My friends were all so happy with the place!
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,5/10/2014,222,115,3,7,6>On my quest for that perfect rack of ribs, I stumbled upon this place as a recommendation from a friend and thought I'd give it a go and I have to say they come pretty close to that perfect rack of ribs!Location & Aesthetics - Located in a small strip mall with lots of parking space at a huge junction in Windsor.  For someone who isn't too familiar with the area I couldn't find the place at first but after a quick turnaround I found it.  The place looks fairly new and I've been told that they recently relocated.  I love the decor of the old farm tools and state license plates that adorn the walls.  The facade of the place has some really large windows which let an abundance of light in so it's well lit, and it's very cool with the ceiling fans as well.  Seating is comfortable whether you choose to dine in or take out, or if you're there by yourself, they have a bar with bar stools.Menu - Can either be found on their website or up front at the cash register.  Menus weren't overwhelming to read or comprehend.Service - The staff was very friendly and immediately greeted me as I entered the restaurant.  Food - I ordered the St. Louis Pork Ribs (half-rack) with the two sides - coleslaw and sweet potato fries which comes with a cornbread.  My St. Louis Pork Ribs was well cooked and though it wasn't falling off the bone it was juicy (not too dry) and very tender to tear from the bone.  You could taste the smokiness to the meat leading me to believe they might be using mesquite though I could be wrong.  My only gripe was they don't provide you with a cup of their signature sauce but rather smother the ribs with it instead and they do a good job lathering it on as well (-1).  Sweet potato fries were soft though not too crunchy though this could've been my fault as I did have a drive back from the restaurant before I actually sat down and dug in.  The coleslaw was crunchy, fresh, and well seasoned.  The cornbread wasn't chokingly dry but moist though not over moist to have it break up all over the place on you.    Rating - 4/5.  Definitely will be coming back here to try their pulled pork sandwiches = a favorite of mine and their chili bowls!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,5/9/2014,6,48,2,5,4>The Rein's deli pickle should be on the bucket list for everyone. Yes, you just read that correctly.  Now onto the rest of the review, this place is an excellent little deli, nestled into Vernon, an awful long way from New York but yet it never disappoints. The Reuben is absolutely amazing, whether one decides to go Pastrami or Corned beef and all of their sandwiches are made exactly how you'd expect from a deli. They all have an awful lot of meat, the bread is always top notch and they're always prepared very quickly.   The seating can be a little tight at times and during lunch time on weekends (and even most week days) the place gets packed so it can be best to try to catch this gem on an off hour.
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,5/8/2014,4,24,2,5,4>Great overall experience! Came in for happy hour with family and there's not anything we can complain about. The drinks were great! As for the food, we ordered a few apps: 2 different flatbreads (margarita and tombstone), wings (garlic siracha, sweet chili and Korean BBQ), braised shot rib sliders and the General TSO ribs. Everything was cooked perfectly and tasted amazing. As for dessert we had the cheesecake brûlée and the banana chocolate chip bread pudding. Both desserts were great but the bread pudding was the highlight of the night. A bit on the high side but well worth it. A modern restaurant with trendy decor and adult atmosphere.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,5/7/2014,57,138,5,12,6>Celtic Cavern opened officially on 4/28. I had not even heard of a new restaurant/bar opening, but saw a review on Yelp and knew I had to find out more about it! Celtic Cavern is tucked in the back of the Main Street Market. When you're about to walk in the back doors of the Market, veer slightly to the right and they have their own entrance. Or, if you're coming from Main St, walk into the Market (between FroYo World and the New England Emporium), head out to the very back, walk outside and go to your left. Walk down the stairs and you won't expect what you find...a wonderful, warm, welcoming atmosphere!A hostess was waiting at the bottom of the stairs and welcomed us. We wanted to check out the menu before committing and she was happy to oblige. She gave us some helpful information about the menu and the beers on tap. We decided to stay and she gave us a table and took our drink orders.The atmosphere is great, the space was clearly renovated extensively prior to the opening. Exposed brick, cool light fixtures and a great overall layout. There are TVs above the bar, and live music several nights a week. Even the bathrooms were beautiful, and still smell of fresh cut lumber and paint. The beers on tap are noted on chalkboards through the restaurant, and there is a chalkboard by the entrance that shows upcoming entertainment/live music nights.Throughout the night, we had a snafu or two that I won't point out because honestly, it's going to happen when you've only been open a few days. What was stellar was the customer service. Everyone in the restaurant is amazing! Our waitress, Sara, was fabulous from the moment we walked in the door. The bartender (Kayleigh? May be spelling that wrong) came over to check on us a couple of times and was so nice and welcoming. The bar manager, Louis, stopped over for a chat and was telling us how they just had a soft opening over the weekend and had opened fully on Monday. Even one of the owners, Bob, stopped over to check on us. I love how they all stopped over, introduced themselves, and shook our hands. It was so welcoming! And they really did want to know how things were going and if anything needed improvement. Even other servers in passing asked how things were going. It's a great group of staff members here, really focused on customer service, and I hope that keeps up as the restaurant gets busier and more popular! It really differentiates Celtic Cavern from other similar places in Middletown.The food was great!! At Sara's recommendation, we tried the Hawg wings. We were treated to 3 tender, meaty, chunks of barbecue goodness. I could eat about 20 of those! But I'm glad there were only 3, because I still had room for my dinner. I got a turkey club with fries and my husband got the ultimate burger. My turkey club was good, the bread could have been a little more toasted, but the turkey was fresh and the bacon was crispy and good. The burger was the star though! Perfectly cooked to medium, as requested, and so flavorful. It had a nice char as though it had been cooked on an open flame, and it was huge!! I would go so far as to say it's the best burger I've had in any restaurant in Middletown. And the fries...hand cut, perfectly cooked, not overly greasy, just right. Everything was wonderful. Not convinced yet?!? I can give you another reason to check out Celtic Cavern. They currently have 3 different Stubborn Beauty beers on tap! Great for us since SB is currently open only for a few hours on Saturday afternoons, which is not convenient for us. Not surprisingly, they had sold out of 2 of the 3 (Prompt Peeper and Consummation) and only had Porter Justice. However, they said they were getting a delivery in the morning to restock. Do yourself a favor and give Celtic Cavern a try. They should have their full menu available by this weekend. They said they're going to start advertising soon, and I hope they start up some happy hour specials, at least for slower weeknights. I will definitely be back to try the full menu and check out some live music. What a gem in the back of Main Street Market! Welcome to Middletown, Celtic Cavern, we'll be seeing each other again soon!
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,5/6/2014,30,125,,5,4>great beer selection, awesome food.i got the chicken and waffles but was unaware (my own fault) that it came with a hot butter. i tasted a little thinking it was candied or something like that but quickly found out it was butter. the three pieces of chicken were cooked perfectly, the waffle held up to the syrup and was tasty.this was our second choice since we had my 3yo with us but it was great, they made him a child-sized portion of their mac n' cheese which he devoured.make it your #1 choice, everything on the menu is flat-out delicious.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/5/2014,27,68,2,7,5>I LOVE THIS BUFFET!!!Torrington Super Buffet has a vast selection of food, probably more than other buffets I have been to. A great selection of Chinese food for the indecisive and for those who want a little bit of everything. The quality of the sushi is excellent. It is comparable to the rolls that you would find at a Japanese restaurant. The sushi variety changes daily depending on who is the sushi chef for that day, but regardless it is very delicious. The hibachi is great also, as you can mix and match your own ingredients and the hibachi chef cooks it up for you hot and fresh. They also have some choices that are great for kids, like chicken nuggets, fries and macaroni and cheese. I do like that they have a good selection of seafood dishes during lunch as that is when I usually go. I have been there for dinner a few times and they have an even more variety of seafood, such as crab legs.I love everything that I have tried there. I am a sucker for fried foods (bad, bad) and I would always get some fried chicken wings, fried shrimp, and sweet and sour chicken on my plates. The fried chicken is especially delicious, very crispy and not greasy. The fried shrimp is light and buttery. I especially love it when there is tempura sushi available. Very delicious!Service is excellent every time. The servers there are very friendly and are very prompt with clearing your tables and refilling your drinks. They love chatting with customers as well, making the atmosphere of the restaurant very pleasant.Even though I reside in Middletown (for now), I definitely would go out of my way and drive all the way up to Torrington when we are in the mood for a Chinese buffet. It is sooooo worth it!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,5/4/2014,76,88,2,6,5>Really good BBQ!  Love the burnt ends.  They coat them with a dry rub and add sauce when you order them.  These are big chunks of meaty goodness not fatty at all.  The baked beans are probably the best I have ever had. I will say the food is better the earlier you get there.  The first time we went was just before closing and I got the ribs they were OK cause the meat was a little dried out.  The second time we went was much earlier maybe around 4ish and the ribs were tender and oh so juicy.  The brisket is really good also.  I am not a fan of pulled pork but I would eat the pulled pork here any day.  It was big meaty chunks not the typical chopped to death stuff you get at most BBQ joints.  The slaw was a mixture of vinegar and creamy with a smack you in the face tang. The Mac n cheese was tasty and cheese filled.  The corn bread was sweet with maybe some molasses in the mixture and a crispy sugar topping....tasted like dessert.  The peach cobbler was mighty tasty.  I did also get the cider donut bread pudding because it sounded so good but it was too heavy and didn't have that custardiness that good bread pudding has.  Overall I would say this is a great place for BBQ and will definitely be back for more.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,5/3/2014,14,106,2,5,5>I came in here last week for an end of the year office group lunch.  I had previously heard good things about the pizza but we were here for the lunch.  We sat down and tried ordering a bottle of wine.  They told us they only sold wine by the glass, or by the carafe or 1/2 carafe.  We had a big group so we ordered a carafe of some red wine (I forget which one) which was tasty.  They also served bread and butter which was very good.  Before coming here I was informed that Roma makes their own sauces and oils that they sell in stores.  I was looking forward to trying some oil with the bread but they served it with butter instead.  When we asked for oil with the next basket of bread, however, they had no problem bringing it, so I highly recommend doing that if you prefer oil with your bread.I ordered the Ziti, Broccoli, and Chicken which was delicious.  The best part had to be the sauce.  I'm pretty sure I used a piece of bread to literally clean my plate because the sauce was so good.  I also ordered a cannoli to go since every good Italian restaurant needs to make good cannolis.  It didn't disappoint.I would definitely come back here for lunch or maybe after work sometime.  I would love to try the pizza because I hear good things.  This place definitely beats the other restaurants in the area that are close to my office.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,5/2/2014,23,55,2,6,4>Having read good reviews I decided to venture on over for an early lunch at work to beat the line.Ordered a variation on roast beef sandwich with horse radish, sun dried tomatoes, and brie on a baguette. There are choices in fresh bread for your sandwich.  The macaroni salad was pretty fresh and good but had some questionable looking carrots here and there. The rest of the sides, potato salad and cole slaw and more, looked relatively fresh and delicious.The ingredients were spot on quality for the sandwich. The service was friendly, I did not however get the 'nice old guy' at the register, he must have been grumpy that day. Seems they also only take cash.Some small upgrades would help here, particularly the decor is lackluster. Maybe a chalk board for the menu? Take notes from Avert Brasserie nearby.Overall fantastic food with decor and payment methods a bit behind the times. I will surely be returning to try more in the future!
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2013,5/1/2014,119,143,4,6,8>Wait.  There's no way I haven't reviewed E-W grille yet...or is there?  This place has been open for at least 10 years.  I really like it.  I've been for dinner and takeout I can't tell you how many times.  I usually get a couple of appetizers (shumai, spring rolls) and something simple like ginger chicken with jasmine rice.  Should I be more adventurous when I go there?  Sure but pretty much no other Asian places have "ginger" with protein and veggies as an option (and East West does it so well).  So after all of these years and all of these dinners I finally hit it up for breakfast this weekend.  Seriously, I've been going out of town for breakfast when this gem of a gem was right there all along.  I should hang my Yelpie head in shame!!  My wife ordered an Old Style Burrito but they definitely gave her the Whole Hog one instead.  Meat was spilling out (for the taking from my fork to my mouth).  The mistake wasn't worthy of a send-back and it was super tasty.  I ordered the Country Breakfast with two eggs (I got them scrambled with cheddar) a grilled biscuit with white gravy, taters and some of their homemade Lao sausage.  So.  Good.  The taters and sausage were so tasty and peppered with Asian flavors).  I expected the sausage to be potentially chunky but it had a nice, easy texture.Oh!  One more thing.  When you order tea for breakfast it comes already brewed, ready to be poured in your cup and it's nummy.  Some sort of (Asian I guess) black tea.  It's nice to get some good tea treatment 'round here. Check out East West.  It's excellent, just read the many other reviews as proof.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,4/30/2014,31,127,2,12,6>H and I came in because he works in this part of town. I would've NEVER thought a diner would be placed right smack in the middle of Bishop's Corner. The fact that it opened up just shy of two months makes it all the better. It's seriously a pleasant surprise. Parking isn't too terrible since there's a decently sized lot (there's a lot of businesses that use the lot) and there's always spots available.It's really mechanical in decor; it's clean and very industrial-looking. I don't really know how to explain it... I grew up in a mill town, so it felt like a nice nod to my hometown. There are large pieces of art (I, particularly, liked the pelican) that are nice eye-catching pieces. The windows are ceiling-to-floor and are goooorgeous. There's an eating terrace place and I can only imagine how nice it'll be to eat outside (maybe). Also, we were able to quickly speak with (one of) the owner(s). He mentioned that BPK is a family-owned small business with interests in serving fresh, locally sourced, quality meals and that, when possible, they make most things from scratch.Our waitress was kind and patient... Sadly, my H ALLLLWAAAAYYYS takes forever ordering. H ordered a Big Breakfast and I ordered the Cape Cod Egg's Benedict. After a good ten minutes, the waitress brought over some complimentary mini lemon poppy said muffins. They were absolutely delicious and I could kick myself in the butt for not ordering more or any of another variety! H's meal, overall, was decent. He was most surprised with the bread (it tasted homemade, fresh and delicious) My Cape Cod Egg's Benedict was DELISH and the English muffin was huuuuuge. Seriously. The Egg's Benedict reminded me of family trips in Chatham. The home fries were cold... but whatevs.I can't wait to come here another time during the week. Apparently, there's a matzo salmon caper special this week (I LOVE chicken and matzo ball soup!) that I'm dying to try. On the plus side, the diner is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner- and they open at 7am!
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,4/29/2014,79,188,15,13,7>I've found this to be consistent in my visits. On a recent trip there they were offering table service, which felt more upscale than the usual way of ordering cafeteria-style. While the service can be a little on the slow side, it's always friendly and professional. They make excellent fresh juice. The BBQ jerk tofu is good-n-spicy. I feel like the way to do this is to go with friends, con them into ordering different things from you, and then snacking off everyone's plates. Great flavor combinations! I saw misinformation in another Yelp review and feel compelled to point this out: there is parking for Fire & Spice *behind* the building and on the street. There is a sign pointing to the free parking and there are notices of where not to park. People really get their knickers in a twist over parking in Hartford. I don't get it. Another piece of false information to correct: this is *not* a bad neighborhood. I live in Hartford and walk basically everywhere, day or night, often alone. Words like "thug" and "hoodlum" seem like code for something else and are really not necessary. If there's anything you're going to run into, it's drunk young adults coming out of the nearby bars late at night, and mostly, the biggest threat they pose is to whichever part of sidewalk they're going to hurl on.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/28/2014,803,1274,24,28,25>Stopped in today for a simple mid morning break. A coffee, a cappuccino, two almond chocolate croissants. About $11 and worth every GD penny !!!What a lovely civilized place, a place to relax, take a deep breath, sit, relax, and enjoy the passing parade. My cappuccino was perfect -well flavored, well made, a 10 out of 10. And OMFG were those croissants wonderful. Flaky, sweet, creamy, decadent chocolate goodness in every morsel.The first time I ever set foot in here was when they hosted a Yelp event. That introduction got me hooked because we've been here countless times since. LPF is a real treasure.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/27/2014,312,447,4,13,6>I need to get massages semi-regularly as it is the only thing that helps with the discomfort associated with my scoliosis. I've been coming XES Beauty Lounge since the summertime when my amazing massage therapist Kyoko of Apricot Blossom Massage moved to this beautiful location.  Excellent move, Kyoko!  At this time I haven't treated myself to services here other than massage but have been impressed by the attention I've been given by the owner, Evelyn, the receptionist and other staff.  When I was waiting for my massage yesterday Evelyn made me a lovely cup of ginger tea (there are other flavors as well) to enjoy. I am also very impressed by the look and feel of the place - very sleek, chic, and clean.  Love it!  A wall of NARS nail polishes was positively gorgeous and I was particularly attracted to a few from the Andy Warhol line.  Other than nails and massages you can get facial treatments, waxing, lash/brow tints, and make up applications among other things.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,4/26/2014,22,76,2,5,3>I dined at Plab B with my coworkers the night before a company meeting, and was happy with the experience.We had a party of 8, but they were more than happy to find space for us. They gave us an estimate of 45 minutes, but had a table cleared and ready for us within 30 minutes. We ordered a few apps, which were very good. I ordered the PB&J burger, as it was their special burger, and was assured by the server that I wouldn't be disappointed. She couldn't have been more correct.The PB&J burger showed up in all it's glory... A pink burger with beanut butter topped with bacon jam. I coudn't have thought of something this delicious up in my wildest dreams!Needless to say, my plate was spotless shortly afterward and I will be returning in the future!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,4/25/2014,58,70,3,9,5>I have been itching to come here forever, so my husband and i headed here for our anniversary. I decided to use the online reservation system which worked out well because it was super busy. Totally easy to use, and it helped us bypass a large group of people that walked in before us.First of all the, service is crazy fast. So fast you might get the impression that they're trying to kick you out as soon as possible so they can turn over the table. But after chatting with our waitresses we realized that wasn't the case at all and they were super friendly, knowledgable, and patient. Just the food service was crazy efficient... I could think of a lot worse problems to have ;)We tried all kinds of tapas but one of the stars we encountered was the warm octopus salad of all things. It was smoky, and fatty, and "grilly" and wow. WOW. This may have been the best octopus ever. If you want to try something "different" to impress your friends, but don't necessarily want to go all Anthony Bourdain, then this is the way to go! The pork belly was delicious as well but tasted more like a really good slow cooked pork butt than bacon, which I was expecting (this coming from the girl who's never had it before - so that's null and void). Oh I still want to know where they get their smoked paprika because it's so flavorful.Reiterating my tip: Save your bread for dipping in the tapas! The rib eye had an amazing oil an chimichurri that was fun to wave the bread around in.I will say.. It might be fun to have a chefs choice tasting menu since we are horrible at making decisions, and there's a lot to choose from at Barcelona! But overall it was a great experience. Amazing job guys!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,4/24/2014,173,343,4,10,5>Mark C and I were looking for someplace to grab lunch, so before we headed to a local sandwich chain, I decided to see if there were any interesting lunch spots in the area.  So glad I did!Located right off Main Street by the courthouse - Cafe 56 serves fresh and creative food that definately get the taste buds jumping.   A small but very cozy restaurant it smells amazing when you first walk through the doors.  Offering both lunch and breakfast options, you order from the menu or from the "Specials Board" (the day were went they had a crab hash special, pay and sit down.  I recommend trying to score a seat at the counter so that you can watch Chef Sabrina masterfully create all the orders from her open air kitchen.  Her skill and efficiency were a sight to see.. We both decided to try a "Tacandwich" which contains traditional taco ingredients served in a fresh and locally baked Portuguese roll.  We were lucky as we scored the last two Portuguese rolls that they had for that day - Score!  I had the El Mexicano which contained marinated chicken, fresh guacamole, special house sauce, salsa fresca and lettuce.  Tender and juicy chicken overflowed from the roll and the special house sauce provided a nice little heat to each bite.  The chicken was the star of this dish and was complemented , not over powered by the other components of the dish.  It also came with a side of fresh chips that we saw prepared before our eyes.I also saw that they had a lot of vegetarian and gluten free options available.  Also check out their Facebook page for their daily breakfast and lunch specials.Great hole in the wall spot that is serving up dishes anything from ordinary.We were also told that they do a monthly BYOB dinner club on the first friday of each month.  February theme is Chocolate and March's theme is the spice trail.  Something that I will keep in mind to try in the future.Thanks to Chef Sabrina for making our possible mediocre lunch more memorable.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,4/23/2014,63,76,4,9,5>Came here for a mid-week dinner with some friends and we all left with our bellies full of pasta goodness. To break it down:I started with the pomegranate gimlet and let me tell you: it was delicious and potent. From there, I think it was one of those nights where your friends order the better stuff - they had the gnocchi and saffron linguine - both reported that their meals were wonderful, especially the gnocchi. I had the linguine with clams - it was very good, I was a bit thrown off by the amount of sopressata in the dish (I knew it came with some), but it was otherwise fine. For dessert, I ordered the tiramisu, which was served cold (as it should be), but maybe it teetered on almost freezing(?). My friends really ordered far better here: the bit of warm olive oil cake I tried was SO GOOD and the hazelnut chocolate torte was nicely warm and oozy and very tasty too.No complaints about the service, but if you are expecting some of the swanky touches or rigidity that you find some of the other sit-down dinner places in downtown Hartford, it didn't seem to be here - it was all very laid-back, while still attentive.As an aside:I feel like the interior has a more potential for coziness. The tiled pizza oven in the back of the restaurant is gorgeous and I feel like if they fired it up and dimmed the lighting everywhere else and added a little more fabric and cushions, the interior could really match the comforting carbs and laden cocktails they serve. I actually had plans to come for Valentine's Day, but we were snowed out and after my visit, I was glad I didn't go - the vibe was less romantic and cozy and more friendly and utilitarian (just my impression, anyway).If I had to do it all over again, I'd come for drinks and lots of the small plates and charcuterie and cheese. And sure, maybe share a dish of ravioli or gnocchi or try a pizza, but I think small plates and drinks are where Sorella will shine.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/22/2014,68,16,28,16,9>I had a promising career as a male underwear model until I adopted my cat three months ago.My body was soon covered in deep cat scratches in every phase of the healing process. There's only so many times your feline friend can rip your skin open before you decide its time for a change. I decided I would attempt to cut my cat's nails myself. Three weeks later after I healed up enough to leave the ICU, I decided that I needed a professional that could handle a cat that interprets an attempt to cut his nails as an attempt on his life and acts accordingly.My roommate suggested PetCo. But every time I go to PetCo I end up having an awkward conversation with the cashier. There's only so much that can be said about cat food--no matter how much that guy thinks otherwise.Anyway, I noticed that Wash and Wag had great reviews and only charged $5 for a walk-in nail clipping. The price was right and that awkward dude from PetCo was almost guaranteed not to be there.There is easy street parking and a small but adequate parking lot behind the building. When I walked in, there was a woman eating her lunch while standing up in another room. It's sort of like the Portland/Brooklyn/Austin of pet groomers. A few more 20-something females were walking around. A very pleasant woman approached me and asked what I needed. I told her I had an attack cat that needed his nails done. She asked me his name. She really didn't need to although I guess it's always good to know the identity of the thing that rips your eyes out.I waited for about 5 minutes in the small reception area about 15 feet away from the side room where two women bravely faced off against my furry demon. You have to understand something, they had a very difficult customer on their hands. And yet, they returned him only after a short time. I saw that he had scratched one of the women on the arm. I apologized only revealing a little of how awful I felt. She said it was no problem and the genuine smile on her face never faded. I made sure to leave a large tip because these women did such a great job and did what I was finding to be impossible.These women are so great, I might come back to get my own nails clipped. Or maybe I'll just adopt more cats just so I can take them here! I don't know, I'm too satisfied to think clearly right now.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,4/21/2014,121,215,9,11,9>I brought my newbie friends here for some delish Pho.They were unsure of what to expect.Will it be bland? How do you prepare it?  Will I be hungry still since it's only soup?They had no idea.We waited in line for about ten minutes since it was so busy...They were out of the Spicy Beef (DAMNIT!!) I need to come earlier...The food came out fast and the standard add-ins were there except there were lemons instead of limes.  Have you seen the price of limes lately?  It's INSANE!I didn't say a word...I watched my friends take the first sip....and then...*groans*I nodded because I knew.....and now so did they.They told me that they now want to eat...this Pho....everyday of their lives.YES! two more happy customers. Now I don't have to go alone.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/20/2014,258,368,4,7,5>Yes, I am a loyal fan.  I was there this past Friday evening again with friends.  The three of us had the classic Greek salads with the Tapas dressing.  This time around I started with the crab bisque.  It stands out because it was real crab meat and the soup was thick with it.  I want this again.  The flavors are always fresh, amazing and delicious. Pros: -Great food and a good variety of items to choose from.  The menu can be found online.-The service is great and friendly. -This is a good place to meet up with friends or for a date. -Prices are reasonable.  Its moderate to high.Cons: -Parking can be problematic because its a popular little spot.  I'm not a hater, I'm an eater!!!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,4/19/2014,88,118,4,8,7>I really, really love this place. I started my evening at Bartaco with a Smoky Cholula at the bar, while waiting for a table. This heavenly cocktail is a mixture of sombra mezcal, cedilla acai, pineapple, and lime juice. It comes in a martini glass, garnished with a pineapple frond. It looks quite girly, but has a surprising smoky taste that is unbelievably awesome and unexpected. Once our table was ready, the hostess found us at the bar and ferried us over to the table. We ordered the chips and salsa as an appetizer, and a small tray with vibrant salsa verde, and large, crispy tortilla disks arrived for us to enjoy. The salsa tasted fresh and balanced, though not really spicy at all. I added the yellow habanero sauce on the table to my chips, and it was perfect. Bartaco offers great vegetarian options, and this time around I tried their $7 three taco combo, with two portobello and one falafel. They were both absolutely amazing! The mushrooms were cooked expertly, and flavored well. The mini falafel balls were served on the taco with tzatziki, and it was a total home run. I am really glad the falafel has replaced the awkward cactus tacos they used to offer. I honestly could have easily ordered several more rounds, and eaten myself into a taco coma, which I may very well do next time around. They were THAT good. The atmosphere at Bartaco is lively and crowded, which makes it a great place for socializing and meeting up with friends. Specialty drinks run between $8-13, and they are all made by hand with fresh squeezed everything, and completely worth the price (I generally tip $2-3 per drink because they really tie that much effort to make!)So, if you are looking for a very social place to enjoy great tacos, stop by Bartaco, and love every second of it. P.S.They don't have sour cream, in case that's a taco deal breaker for you.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,4/18/2014,65,271,3,7,6>I can't believe I had not ventured into this great shop until now. I received a warm genuine greeting from the owners and spent an hour leisurely rummaging through vintage clothing. Found a great jacket, a scarf from the 70s and an even cooler top from the 60s. On the way out I found the perfect Mother's Day gift. Gold - rimmed wine glasses in perfect condition.  So many great finds!! I look forward to coming back again and again. Oh and eveything was 20% off.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,4/17/2014,25,8,4,8,4>THIS is the best pizza in New Haven. They also consistently have Sea Hag on tap, which is my very favorite beer to drink with my magical thin-crust pizza topped with hot cherry peppers and possibly bacon, which was raw when they put it into their blistering hot ovens.The take-out is insanely fast and good. You can call in an order and have it ready in 20 minutes.Though they are famous for the pizza, Modern also has the best calzones I've ever eaten. If you want to shake things up a little, try one!The one less-than-perfect detail is that parking usually stinks, and cars jam up State Street trying to get to the crispy, gooey goodness of Modern. So  walk, bike, or prepare yourself to stifle some road rage.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,4/16/2014,43,182,3,7,5>I have really enjoyed going to this studio.  I just recently finished the beginner 30 days for $30 pass and have moved up to the 10 day pass.  The instructors are very friendly and helpful.  I've found that they get to know everyone's names and can offer a few quick corrections (or praise) during the class.  The other thing that is really great is that the studio seems to be the perfect size.  I am not getting dripped on by my neighbors and I have space to practice without hitting other people.  But, on the flip side, it's not so big that I can't see the instructor or how I am executing the postures in the mirror.My only criticism is that I wish there was a better place to store your coat/shoes/bags when entering the studio.  Everyone seems to pile up at the exit trying to grab their stuff before and after class.  This place would benefit from a few more storage cubbies for people to use!Overall, I would definitely recommend, but caution -- it's HOT.  Bring water and a towel.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,4/15/2014,48,117,2,8,4>My first insurgence into Portugese cusine. We came here to celebrate my youngest daughter's birthday, along with my wife, oldest daughter, her hubby and my grandson. We had reservations, and were sat promptly. Our server was professional and sweet. We were offered cocktails, and picked two appetizers to share while we settled in. We had fried calamari and their version of thick-sliced fried potatoes, which came with four distinct, though not greatly exotic dipping sauces. Both were very good with the drinks, though not the best I've ever had.For dinner, three of us shared one of their several versions of paella. This one, dubbed "Valenciana," included Shrimp, Clams, Mussels, Sausage, Pork, Chicken and Chouriço, Combined with Saffron Rice. There was enough for five if necessary. Some of the mussels were a bit overcooked, but the clams were moist sweet and abundant. The rice was very tasty.The remaining two in the group had Baked stuffed Salmon, and Grilled Shrimp. Both very tasty. Everything came out hot, and with a smile.We didn't have room for dessert, but we ordered it anyhow. Who could resist such an eclectic selection? We had Creme Brulee, which was the best I've ever had...chocolate mousse which was obviously prepared with love...a flan with Port, a mind-blowing combination...and a flan with a birthday candle for the birthday girl.We left fully satiated and satisfied. Every worker we passed on the way out stopped what they were doing, smiled, and thanked us for coming. Even if this was something that was drilled into them to do, it was still quite effective.This is a special place for special occasions, and it has me checking the calendar for the next birthday...O M Goodness it's Mine!  Bravo O'Porto, hope to see you soon.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,4/14/2014,134,137,2,8,3>In the last snow storm, my snow blower, which has been a work horse, now has a worn belt and I needed to have it replaced. This place specializes in Husqvarna parts and will also repair. Very friendly staff, who help me order replacement parts and offered assistance with the part. I should be receiving my special ordered part in the next two days and will update my review. I also have a lawn mower that has self propelled motor to assist with pushing the mower, that they offered assistance with repairing. Though we both agreed to wait until at the snow was gone to think about lawn mowers.They do sell snow blowers, lawn mowers and many other yard tools.I see myself visiting this place a few times this year!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/13/2014,125,121,1,11,4>Was first introduced to Hartford Baking Co due to a Yelp Elite Event in November, and have been a regular there ever since.My favorite items on the menu: cappuccino (I can confidently say it's my fave in the Hartford area), Brie and Raspberry Jam on baguette, Salami and Prosciutto on baguette, Fried Egg with Spiced Potatoes on pain de mie, and Salty Peanut Caramel Bars. Also, I discovered the Almond-Citrus Financier today after I asked a worker for his recommendation, and it was love at first bite!Things that are good but not my favorite: The Grilled Cabot Cheddar could use some additional salt (I feel like Nigella Lawson saying that lol). Maybe I should just ask for caramelized onions with it next time. I read rave reviews for the Hummus sandwich, but it just doesn't win me over like the Salami and Prosciutto does. And while I love espresso, the espresso cookie was a little too sweet for me.I'm there every weekend and will continue to visit as much as I can! Can't wait to try all of the other sandwiches on the menu.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,4/12/2014,105,113,3,6,5>I have a love affair with Cake Gypsy's salted caramel cupcakes. They even carry peanut butter bacon cupcakes for dogs that look and smell good enough I was tempted to try (see pic)! I ordered a bunch for a baby shower (regular cupcakes, not doggie cupcakes) and they decorated them with with the appropriate theme for no charge and let me borrow a great cupcake stand for only $7, excellent customer service!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,4/11/2014,33,132,,11,3>Can I go up to 6 stars?  Recently ordered *incorrectly* from Stretch's.  Meant to order a 'Traditional Pie' (just sauce, romano, and basil) and instead ordered fresh tomato pie.  Much different and wouldn't have gone well with my wife's dairy issues.Realized the error during pickup and they made another pie on the spot and said they would find some use for my mistake.  New pie was ready in less than 10 minutes.  Did I mention it was Friday night?A++ for customer service in this case and the kind of thing that will increase my loyalty there even more if possible.Thanks Guys!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,4/10/2014,35,116,4,12,7>I've been dreaming of nitrogenated stout since leaving Firefly Hollow a couple weeks ago. It's by far the creamy, roasty standout of the four beer line-up I was fortunate to sample. These guys have really put their kickstarter money where my mouth is. Not only is the beer the highest quality I have tasted from a Hartford county brewery, but they truly focused on creating an inviting, accessible atmosphere to add to the burgeoning microbrew scene in Connecticut. The owner was very personable and awesome to speak with. Most days they have a guest food truck on premises. If not, don't fret, you can always order in or byof. They are open four days a week with ample hours. Choices for seating in the tasting room include stools at the bar as well as some quaintly arranged barrel bistro-esque tables (perfect for some cards?)Now, the pièce de résistance, the beer: phenomenal. Focused on quality and not quantity with three great ale offerings a pale, IPA and stout. The stout was served two ways, nitro and co2 so in total I had four generous samples for five bucks. When you find the one you love, pints will also run you five bucks. Ps Thanks Sandra C for the heads up on Yelp Talk about this great place
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2014,4/9/2014,80,717,4,11,5>Just got done DESTROYING an Apple Cheddar Bacon.Boar's Head ham, sliced cheddar, bacon, and an entire mandolin-cut apple on a 7-inch sub roll. $5.65, $6 even with tax. Bangin'.Who says there's no good food in Berlin? Well, everyone... Berlin itself is not exactly a mecca for amazing food, save for a handful of restaurants. But this place is "I'll never go to Subway again" good. In all seriousness, if this place will cost you 75 cents more for food that is 75 times better, how does Subway, 100 feet down the road, even survive?Widespread ignorance, that's how. And I was one of them too.The constructive criticism - They REALLY need to change their hours. Open till 11-7 on weekdays, Saturdays 8-3, closed on Sundays. That makes little sense for a sandwich place. Go 10-3 on Saturday and Sundays, and close at 6 Monday and Tuesday... Only one more man-hour of labor, and you'll get a lot more business... People want sandwiches on Sundays.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,4/8/2014,250,122,3,11,5>After being away for a few months on contract work in New Haven, I come back to find this gem.I've dined in a handful of times, but with all the chaos that is of 2014 - most of my visits here have been for take out. A sister company of Sawadhee's in South Windsor, I'm really excited to finally have a taste of Thailand in town. Head chef is from Sawadhee's so you'd be hard-pressed to differentiate quality and originality between the two restaurants. Well versed with authentic Vietnamese, Japanese and Chinese cuisine, I'm still training my palate when it comes to savory Thai food. With that said, I personally recommend several dishes to new-comers/veteran Thai goers. My personal favorites here are their crispy basil duck, honey duck, red/green/yellow curries, tom yum soup, and of course pad thai. If you're around for their lunch hour and specials, it's 11:30am - 3:30pm. Impressive selection for choices, you're easily saving yourself $3-5 if you can make that 3 hour window, otherwise stop in for dinner 4:30 - 9:30pm weekly. Also, as of this posting they are awaiting their liquor license so take advantage of their BYOB policy!Conveniently off the interstate exit, ample parking, informative and very accommodating staff - I'm thrilled to for local the local Thai.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,4/7/2014,41,183,2,3,3>Quite delicious and very good service! The beer menu was expansive and had many local and select regional beers, and the cocktail menu was fun and interesting. With their focus on locally sourced ingredients, we had 2 lovely burgers, one with sweet potato fries, the other with truffle fries that were like crack. The burgers were beautifully cooked, with features like caramelized onions and lovely Gorgonzola and Vermont cheddar cheeses. I had a delicious Mac and cheese with smoked sausage that was creamy dreamy, and all taking in a picturesque view of the tinkling lights on Main St., it was a very lovely dinner, we look forward to many returns.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,4/6/2014,35,59,2,6,4>I went to Rizzuto's last night (on New Year's Eve) and really enjoyed it. I had the Tuscan kale salad to start and and the buccatini for dinner. In addition, I sampled some of the calamari (tender and not at all chewy, the roasted garlic dipping sauce was to-die-for) and meat and cheese platter. The food was excellent. The scallops in the buccatini dish were done perfectly and the sauce was a little spicy but very tasty! They have a lot of house-made vodkas so I took advantage and ordered the fig newton cocktail, which contained their fig vodka. It was delicious! My husband commented that he felt a little rushed by our server but other than that, everyone was extremely courteous and friendly and the atmosphere was nice. I would definitely go back!!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,4/5/2014,98,169,2,7,3>I've eaten here countless times, and every time it seems better than the last.  There are so many menu items that I enjoy, as well as so many staff members that are so friendly and knowledgeable.  I am a huge fan of Carbone's in Hartford, so I love that they carried over some of the same classic dishes, with a more modern twist.  Some of my favorites are the Nonna's Pie, Arancini, Salmon Oregonato, Eggplant Parmesan Grinder, and the Classic Caesar Salad.  The happy hour specials are unheard of... half price bar menu, which consists of "Cicchetti"- small plates meant to be shared, $4 house wine, $4 draft beers, and there are a few $5 cocktails.  They change the cocktails seasonally, and usually have a martini special also.  For wine drinkers, there are rotating wines on their cruvinet system, which are usually a little higher in price, but usually they're worth it.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the space is decorated beautifully.  The bar is absolutely the biggest bar I have seen anywhere... I think it's around 35 seats, and also has about 8 large booths and some more tables in the back.  There's a nice private room towards the back of the restaurant, as well as three other dining rooms.  Everyone is very welcoming, and seems like they really like working here.  There is free parking (and it's a huge lot) which is a nice change to almost everywhere else in Hartford/West Hartford... and there is a movie theater in the plaza so it's always fun for dinner/drinks and movie.Okay that's all... I could go on and on but I think you all get my point!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,4/4/2014,138,275,4,8,6>Going to a restaurant in its first week of operation is always a gamble because the staff is still trying to figure out the work groove.  Therefore, as a patron, you are expected to have some hiccups in service.  However, I see a lot of potential in this place.Despite being new, I really wanted to try this restaurant ASAP.  When I saw the first reviews on Yelp, I knew that I had to drag my fiancé.  After all, I drive by it everyday to work (both jobs) and was anxious to try it!Though located in a crummy strip mall, the location near Westfarms Mall and the interior décor are both perfect.  When we walked in, lots of tables were occupied and the kitchen was chaotic.  We were walked to our table/grill immediately, but were not acknowledged until ten minutes after we were seated.  Our waitress was very nervous and appeared to be new to waiting on tables, but gave her the benefit of the doubt because the restaurant was new and it was busy.  She was hesitant when she was cooking our meat on the grill.The menu had lots and lots of choices; Korean bbq, noodle dishes, soups, and sushi.  We were surprised that it was not cheap.  The Korean bbq was in the $20 and above range and it was a two-person minimum.  Since we never had a Jewish Christmas on Christmas, we splurged on the BBQ and ordered the Chadol-Baegi (beef brisket that is not marinated) and Daeji-Bulgogi (spicy pork collar, more like paprika pork collar).  Both were very good, but I liked the beef brisket.  You got a lot of food and it was like a Korean hibachi.  As Jason M. reviewed, if you get the BBQ, you don't need to get anything else because it comes with a bunch of different mini appetizers; some were good and others were misses.What was cool was that they didn't have a liquor license so we got a bottle of wine from CT Bev Mart next door, so we saved money on drinks.  The manager walked around and asked about our experiences.  There are little rooms for those who want a private party.Definitely be back, but to try a soup or noodle dish.  Good to see non-chain restaurants open in the West Farms area.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,4/3/2014,33,4,2,7,6>Absolutely LOVE this shop. Whether you need a funny card, personalized stationery or just a cool gift for someone special (yourself included!) this is the place to go!  Hartford Prints! is beautiful, bright and fun. They have all sorts of treasures - you'll never go home empty-handed!  I especially enjoy their Hartford-themed shirts and apparel. Living in downtown Hartford, I'm so glad this store opened!  It makes gift-giving so convenient and easy. Everyone smiles when they open the cards from Hartford Prints!  The girls are truly talented & extremely creative...If you need something; a gift, home decor, invitations, announcements, terrariums...haha...go to Hartford Prints!  They'll help you find exactly what you're looking for, and if they don't have it on hand, they'll find a way to make it for you or point you in the right direction! It's absolutely worth a stop in to say hi and browse if you're downtown.  Check it out!!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,4/2/2014,20,67,3,6,3>Stopped in for dinner on a weeknight after a brief snow shower.  The bar was fairly busy, and aside from a party of 8, there were only ourselves and another table in the dining room.  Service was quick and attentive, but then it wasn't packed.I really liked the options I saw on the drink menu.  I ended up trying the Hot Apple Cider moonshine.  Great spiced cider flavor, very smooth moonshine nibbling at the back and sides of my tongue, steaming hot, and topped with whipped cream.  Really warmed me up on a cold night.  Decent draft and bottled beer selection considering moonshine is their specialty.  We ordered a couple apps.  The  teriyaki steak skewers were flavorful but the pieces were reeeaaaally anemic.  Not much flesh to them at all, almost... but not quite... the thickness of steak-ums.  Order some steak teriyaki from Panda Palace in Vernon if you want to see some thick cut, tasty meat.  The corn fritters with maple syrup were decent... but really didn't stand out.  The corn could have been canned and unsalted for all the flavor it provided, but hey, can you really go wrong with 6 fried dough balls and a tot of syrup to pour over them??I had the steak quesadilla for my dinner.  GREAT flavor, and I think I figured out where the steak missing from the appetizer went!  Very generous cuts of flavorful steak and plenty of gooey cheese.  Something this was missing was a salsa or something with a bit of spice... the pico was bland and didn't do much but add a bit of texture to some bites when I even remembered it was there.  My friends ordered the shrimp and grits which were met with lukewarm reception.  Not much taste to the grits, and the shrimp were nothing to write home about.  Another friend had the buffalo chicken wrap, which appeared fairly tasty, but was reallly messy and somewhat difficult to eat, all the ingredients were segregated on one side of the wrap or the other, she had a hard time getting a bite.  The fourth in our party had a burger, and said it was decent.I'd give the drinks a 5, I'm looking forward to coming back to try more of the cocktails.  Apps and entrees were an average of 3 from all of us... 4 for the quesadilla, 3 for the burger, and 2 for the shrimp/grits and buffalo wrap.  The service and atmosphere was a 4... all around solid 4 score.  I think once the kitchen has a chance to find its groove the food will pick up to match the drinks and obvious vision the owners have.Will be back!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,4/1/2014,83,174,5,8,6>The cream doughnuts are enough to make you lose your mind,The staff is very speedy, and usually are kind.Escape from the everyday Dunkin Donuts hell,And grab a homemade doughnut that is super duper swell.I was introduced to Neil's a couple years ago, and I am hooked. Everything they have is great: the doughnuts are homemade. Light, slightly crispy, lots of filling or toppings. They are superb! I brought them into the office on my first week of work at a new job and now my nickname is "The Doughnut King".Neil's previously used processed eggs to make breakfast sandwiches, but now they fry up fresh eggs on the spot. Just like mama used to make 'em! So good, especially on a bagel or hard roll.Muffins are great too. Try the carrot cake muffin and you will not be disappointed. They also bring in seasonal coffees, and they are also usually great. Banana Nut makes me go nuts!Depending on when you go, you may be waiting in a bit of a line, but it's worth it. The staff is thrifty and knows how to get people in and get them out, and for the most part they are very nice. I have scoured Connecticut for the best doughnuts in the state, and here they are, folks. Neil reigns supreme.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,3/31/2014,23,65,2,9,4>I stopped into Hana Sushi the other day, and while I haven't been there for several months, it was even better than I remembered. Sorry for the four stars -- I tend to reserve five stars for places that blow my mind. But for a tiny, hole-in-the-wall sushi place, this is a five-star joint.It's in a lousy area of busy-ness. It's in a tiny strip mall. It is nothing you'd ever stop at if you were just driving by looking for a place to eat. But you should stop.Service is superb. My server was very friendly, and seemed to know most of the patrons (except me, as a noob), and knew what they wanted practically before they sat down. I mean, she had conversations with patrons about their families and travels...clearly the locals love this place. I loved it too.I usually comment on the food...no point to that here. I ordered a lunch special, a traditional box which came with a salad, miso, and some tempura, four pieces of sushi and a roll. I could have eaten two of them...not because it was a small portion, just because it was so good. Again...this is a five-star review. Hana Sushi is as good as it gets, food wise. But it won't impress a visiting dignitary or major business client.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2014,3/30/2014,83,167,3,8,5>So this is one of those occasions where I go back and forth between 4 and 5 stars.  Was this an A+ perfect dining experience?  I'm not sure, but I look forward to returning so I can figure it out.  This was another fantastic sushi find thanks to groupon.  The restaurant was a little hard to find because of all the construction surrounding it, which gives it even more hidden gem status I guess?  Anyway, it's adorable.  The restaurant is small, decorated with colorful round paper lanterns and vibrant photography, with exposed beams and ducts.  Really inviting and cute.I was fighting a cold when I went there, so I planned on getting hot sake and some kind of hot dish.  However, once I saw thy had Lychee Martinis, that I am totally OBSESSED with, the plans changed.  And I was just too intrigued by their selection of fancy rolls to pass it up, so I went with the New Years Roll- because it was New Years Eve and it sounded delicious.The roll was awesome.  Spicy tuna and cucumber topped with avocado and Kani salad and 2 sauces- just divine.  Really tasty and fresh.  I also enjoyed my martini and miso soup.  The menu, including drinks and desserts, has lots of great choices.  I saw 2 flaming scorpion bowls pass by, as well as some sort of tuna salad served in a martini glass with LED color changing lights.  This place is all over colorful and fun.The service was brisk but friendly- I got the impression that the 2 waitresses serving us were new, but they did a fine job.  Even though Min Ghung is a little out of the way for me, I'm definitely planning to return ASAP!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,3/29/2014,92,222,3,10,4>I must say, what a GEM!After reading a couple of different excellent reviews, and having a need for soup, I ventured down Whitney Ave to find this place. There is a very nice parking lot next to the building, which has easy in and out.Walking in the door, you are greeted by some of the most friendly staff! The lady working my first time was so very helpful, she showed me all the refrigerated soups, salad, and desserts. She then explained the hot soups and how they usually rotate them. There are 4 hot soups every day, and a large number of refrigerated soups that are made that day as well. Both days I went there was a chickpea salad which was super! My first time around I tried the chicken quesadilla soup, which, I must admit, was one of the most delicious soups I have had! Chock full of chicken, smooth and creamy, just the way I like it. You can also sample any of the soups, get a cup or a bowl, or take home the refrigerated bowl.Day two I tried the seafood bisque, which was very good, full of lots of seafood in a creamy base. I also got chicken noodle soup which was refrigerated, and once warmed up, pretty darn good for a chicken noodle soup! I didn't try any of the desserts but did browse through the cupcakes or many varieties. They have mini cupcakes and full size cupcakes as well, from plain to stuffed. They take credit cards as well, and although it would have been cool to have a counter to sit at while eating warm soup on a cold day, don't let this stop you from trying out this little hidden gem.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2013,3/28/2014,19,58,4,8,6>I haven't been here in years but my husband and I have been looking for some new places to eat and decided to head to Laskara's.  We are very glad we did!It hasn't changed much since the last time we were there.  A pleasant dining room, white tablecloths with wine glasses at the tables, a fireplace that, thankfully, wasn't on as the weather was quite warm the night we were there. A few booths plus tables throughout the room, nicely dim lighting.  From the conversations I was hearing between the waitstaff and other tables, it seems that many of the patrons were regulars. However, being a newbie didn't detract from our experience; our waitress was friendly and the service was perfect. Our food arrived promptly, our flatware was replaced quickly as needed, our drinks were refreshed as soon as they were emptied.  In fact, I'd say the service was some of the best I've had in a long time.The food was great.  The restaurant serves house salad family style and it was delicious with olives, cheese, croutons, stuffed grape leaves, and plenty of field greens and other vegies.  It was probably one of the best non-entree restaurant salads I've ever had.  My husband ordered fried mozzarella and the portion was big enough to share (and then some) and crisp and gooey as it should be. My husband had the prime rib (the "regular" size was huge) and I had a salmon dish on the specials menu; we both brought home enough for lunch the next day.  He had creme brulee for  dessert and said it was wonderful (and, again, a large portion).  I ordered the warm flourless chocolate cake which was sublime.  Fabulous, rich dark chocolate flavor with a creamy texture served with whipped cream and vanilla ice cream.  I would go back just for the dessert; it was amazing.I don't know why it's been so long since we've been to Laskara's.  Probably because it's off the beaten path and I don't think of it. After this dinner, I'm sure we'll be back again before long; it was a lovely and delicious meal in a very gracious restaurant.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,3/27/2014,23,221,3,6,5>Old World Pizza Truck catered a party that we attended this part Saturday in Southbury, CT.  They pulled the truck right into the driveway of the host, and served up dinner for about 30 people.  The truck has a wood-fired oven inside of it, and the pizzas (New Haven-style pizza, thin but with a bready outer crust) were all made on-site.  The pizzas offered ranged from traditional (cheese, pepperoni) to fancy (shrimp scampi, cauliflower cream) to whimsical (peanut butter, mashed potato) and were universally delicious.  Special orders were offered for those with unusual food needs (like gluten-free).  They also served gelato for dessert.The only downside to the night is the pizzas were not hot when served, for the most part, because they could only make 2 to 3 pizza at a time, and had to leave them out in the cool air while cooking more.  But this is a minor thing, as the pizza was good warm or lukewarm and they would reheat any pieces if asked.I can't speak to cost, as I was a guest and not a host.  Overall, highly recommended!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,3/26/2014,976,1376,3,7,4>Antojitos Colombianos is a good Colombian place inside of El Mercado. El Mercado has several small restaurants inside of it. I had the bandeja montanera which had rice, beans, plantains, pork and steak. It is quite a big meal. I really enjoyed the rice and beans portion. The steak was ok. The woman who helped us was super nice and I'll be going back. I've had a lot of latin cuisine but not much food from Colombia so I'd like to familiarize myself with their other offerings.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,3/25/2014,70,177,2,5,3>My husband randomly asked if I wanted to go to brunch here one Sunday morning, so we did. We had never been and I was excited to try a new restaurant.We had a 15 minute wait, which was much shorter than I had thought it would be. We were seated outside and it was such a cute little patio. I ordered the caprese omelet for my meal - what a good choice!! It was filled with all of my favorite things: tomatoes, mozzarella and pesto. I practically licked my plate clean.This is a hidden gem! I absolutely would love to return here for brunch, lunch or dinner. So glad we tried it.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,3/24/2014,99,207,2,6,4>If I could only eat one thing for the rest of my life it would be bagels. If those bagels just happened to be from Goldberg's I would be perfectly happy. Seriously, these things are amazing and super fresh. Their cheddar jalepeno, the pumpernickle, sunflower seeded, everything, egg...I could go on and on. They are all AWESOME bagels. Don't be deterred by the line out the door, it's truly worth the wait. I recommend ordering a egg, cheese, italian sausage with lettuce, tomato and mayo. You're welcome.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,3/23/2014,62,151,4,6,5>Opening night!  So these guys legitimately got their inspection around 3 hours before they opened and they were set to open tomorrow...but they couldn't wait!!! And for good reason. This place replaced our beloved Pourhouse. Honestly, I was sad when I walked in. I missed the Hartford staple that was "Pourhouse".  Even though it wasnt that great, i missed the pool tables and  barrels of peanuts. But it didn't take long for it to fade. The owner, Paul, and his team refinished the entire inside and it's now a gorgeous country bar (way nicer than rocking horse). Think glowing red lights behind a vast beer bottle selection and Sam Adams kegs used for decorations behind the tap. The decor is a mix of brick and rustic wood. What used to be the pool table area in pourhouse will soon be a kitchen (can't wait to give it a run). Their bartenders and the bouncers were friendly (he filled me in on the demise of Pourhouse) and we got a drink promptly.The funky smell of pourhouse is gone, bathrooms are sparkling new and there were already more bartenders behind the bar than I ever saw at Pourhouse. We never waited for a drink...and it's still their first night! I'd imagine once the kinks are worked out they will be every better, which is why I leave them room to improve. Great sangria, drinks specials, and the owner is super friendly. It's worth your while, especially if you like country music, to check out this new joint. Soon, after New Years, they will have a club upstairs and the kitchen....let's see!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,3/22/2014,20,36,3,7,4>I have visited Prossage twice in the past few months. I particularly like this place for the well equipped fitness studio; most equipment includes personal TV ...cant get better than that. Spa visitors can also take advantage of the pool and the hot tub as well. The pricing for massage is what you can expect at a mid-range spa. I found the pricing for facial higher than normal. I got my first massage with Lisa and she is great- asked me plenty of questions and really worked on my trouble spots. It hurt quite a bit but it is the first time i have walked away without those persistent knots in my back. The 2nd time I tried a different masseuse and she tried a very different technique on me altogether where she was exerting sustained pressure to each area. At one point she climbed up on the table and placed her entire body weight at different points in my back. This was really unconfortable and I felt like I was being choked. I did not enjoy this massage as a traditional massage is what works best for my body. I usually end up spending some time swimming and in the hot tub reading before leaving this place. They have a restaurant downstairs, I wouldnt be surprised if you can order lunch to be delivered there as well. This place really has the potential to be turned into a full service spa. The one thing that irks me everytime is the unavailability of robes. I usually work out or am in the pool before the massage and i dont want to redress again. But their towel are so tiny that you dont feel comfortable even walking the short distance from the bathroom to the treatment room. This is especially an issue because the hotel guests who have access to fitness room and pool may not be comortable running into half naked people walking around the hallways. But other than for this one minor complaint, I am a fan of Prossage and will return.
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,3/21/2014,23,65,4,8,7>I've been to Haight-Brown on two occasions for wine tasting fundraisers, and both times were quite enjoyable. We were able to taste every wine that the vineyard offered, and overall they were all very very good. My favorite white is the Covertside and my favorite red is the Picnic Red- it has the perfect amount of sweetness for a red wine. However, my hands down favorite is the Strawberry Bliss. There really is no other way to describe it other than bliss. It is so light and fruity, yet not overly sweet. Truly a delicious wine, perfect for summertime. I typically don't care for desert wines because they are so so sweet, but the desert wines at Haight-Brown were also very tasty. Definitely sweet, but great flavors. The honey-nut apple tastes like liquid apple pie....win! We also got to sample some local artisan cheeses from Arethusa Farm which were amazing! I'm not sure if they have these on their regular menu since I was here for a private event, but I know they do offer cheese and wine pairings. I'll be back here in the warm summer months for sure!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,3/20/2014,77,139,4,6,5>This is always the bridal boutique I recommend to all my engaged friends in CT, not the cheapest place to go but definitely the best. This shop may look small from the outside but inside you will be pleasantly surprised at the selection of big name wedding gown designers. You may be happy to see the the attic selection of discounted wedding gowns like Lazaro at almost half the price, then again... how many times will you marry the love of your life. I've seen the prices from just 1500$ new gowns to well above 6Grand for those one of a kind type dresses you drool over and fold - in pages of bridal magazines. I've personally purchased my wedding dress here and was truly so happy with the service, fitting and overall experience. People may think this is just a bridal boutique with amazing bridesmaids dresses, but this is also the to go spot for prom dresses... Jovani ladies... truly the best.Also... If you look further you will find those one of a kind cocktail dresses and gowns. The key word here is one of a kind as I really haven't seen more than one beautiful piece at a time. Why is this so important? ... well there is just a couple of places that carry event dresses for those fundraisers you may attend in CT like nordstroms and main stream stores like cache so likely you will see about 4-5 other women wearing the same dress.. awkward. So if you want or need to stand out don't forget this place.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,3/19/2014,23,731,9,14,9>1.) Just to warm you up:This was a new experience for me. I never knew there was a Sea Salt treatment for people. If you have lung issues of any type, especially, this is definitely a good place for YOU.2.) Tiny info on this Sea Salt:This sea salt comes from the Himalayan Mountains and caves of India. Apparently there are 70+ trace minerals in it, so basically it is REALLY healthy for you. 3.) The inside of this place:In the cave itself has sea salt spread out all over the floor. The walls are made of actual Himalayan Sea Salt (I actually had to taste for myself - I did the whole Hollywood Detective checking to see if the suspect possessed an actual bag of Cocaine. *licks*...."Yep! Salty!" The cave itself is climate controlled as to preserve the sea salt crystals. It is dimly lit and they have  star lights sprinkled around the ceilings of this pseudo caved wall. (Perhaps those were real cave rocks? I Didn't touch or taste it. Ewwwww, imagine! lol). The narrator speaks through a speaker. He sounds like he could do movie previews with his voice. Beginning of audio (but said in his movie previewesque voice):"In the beginning, man and woman came together to...." Nah, but it was definitely a good voice to listen to. The history and other info he stated was great for those who never knew about this specific sea salt and its benefits.4.) Outside of cave, yet inside the spa:Nice place. Clean. 5.) Impressions:I felt really great! Rejuvenated! I would come back and do this. I recommend doing progressive relaxation, a method that they use in alternative medicine to help relax the body and mind. It will further put you in relaxation as well as fully breathe and receive the optimal benefits of this treatment.Well, that's all folks for today. I am Anthony P. Join me next time on the next....... Spa treatments*bunches paper together as the camera man zooms out*
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,3/18/2014,25,68,2,7,3>I've eaten here several times and it's just great.  The man and woman who run the place - I assume they are the owners, as they're always there - are incredibly friendly, as is the wait staff.  But the best part obviously is the food.  The hummus here is probably the best hummus I've ever had, served with soft, warm pita triangles aplenty.  I recommend the dip appetizer, which comes not only with the hummus, but skordalia (so SO wonderfully garlicky) and a fresh, tangy tzatziki.  The dolmathes are equally delicious - obviously hand-rolled, flavorful, and rich.  I think the gyro here beats Tangiers (gasp!), but only because it's freshly shaved meat piled high on the pita sandwich, slathered in tzatziki, and grilled so it has a nice combo of crispness and chewiness.Other items worth noting are the pork souvlaki, Greek horiatiki salad with grilled shrimp, and the moussaka.  Oh god the moussaka.I'll warn you - when you walk in and when you leave, you walk directly by the open kitchen so you can directly observe the delicious dishes being prepared.  Oh, and you can't miss the sheets upon sheets of freshly made baklava just calling to be eaten.Good food.  No frills.  You won't regret eating here (or taking out).
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,3/17/2014,43,58,2,7,4>This place is such a gem!  This hole-in-the-wall deli is a total gem. They have a huge board of creative sandwiches that dare you to try something different! I have a turkey sandwich with herb cream cheese, cucumbers, lettuce, onions, and tomatoes. All the ingredients including the bread were super fresh and the sandwich was top notch. Also included a side of pickle or several house made salads. I stopped in for lunch but also noticed that they have coffee, bagels, and breakfast sandwiches. This deli is located right up the street from CCSU and for a grad student such as myself that just can't bear to do the student center on campus,  the price is right and the food. They also offer free wi-fi and a good amount of seating with tables. The interior is nothing fancy, but for me the whole package add up to a really great place.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,3/16/2014,95,659,3,11,5>Although the service was a bit haphazard, this was one of the best meals i've had in a long time.It was late on a Saturday night, and we had just finished grocery shopping and the dinner plans to cook at home had slowly faded away.  My wife made the executive decision to try this place with a restaurant.com gift certificate.The previous reviews were both encouraging and worrisome,  for those that could withstand the wait, the reward was excellent, but those that got lost in time-warp did not get served.Upon walking in, you can immediately see into the open kitchen, and I was puzzled.  No wonder why ticket times are so high.  One guy cooking out of that tiny kitchen for 40-50 guests.  I turned to my wife and said, "this is going to be the kind of place where we're going to get frustrated at the wait, but it's SO going to be worth it"...  and it was!My kids got chicken fingers & a quesadilla, which we ordered first and had the waiter put it in so we didn't have to wait that long.  Both the kids meals were so good (chicken fingers & fries that were fresh hand made, not from the freezer bag) that my wife & I were snacking on them while waiting for our food...I decided to get a strawberry margarita to pass the time.  My wife ordered an appetizer that honestly, i didn't pay attention to until it arrived at the table about 30 minutes later.It was a tostada looking thing with fried corn tortillas, succulent fried pork chunks and a tomatillo based hot sauce.  It was f*****g delicious.It took about an hour for our entrees to arrive, and they were worth the wait.  My wife's braised short rib with rice & pigeon peas was perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful.  My fried pork w/ mofongo was everything i was hoping it would be and more.  Bursting with flavor, texture, fatty unctuousness, and a sweet & salty balance that makes this food utterly crave-able.   Total time from door to door was about 2 hours, total damage after $25 GC was $50 including tax & tip, which is not bad for a party of 4 with 2 alcoholic drinks.  I will be planning to return soon.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,3/15/2014,17,90,9,7,7>Stupid good! As in this place makes me stupid.So good I can't put it in words stupid.So tasty and dripping delicious beef juices stupid.So good that I've been putting off this review for over THREE years because I was afraid I couldn't do it justice stupid! (Don't believe me? Look for my photo's from 2010)So good that I'll drive 2 hrs out of my way stupid.Such consistent quality and service it's stupid.So many great burger options/specials stupid.Better than the nationally know chef's burger place in a casino stupid.Stupid, stupid, stupid good.And eating a burger here is the smartest decision you'll make.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,3/14/2014,1,10,3,8,4>Great place....good variety even for some lunch treats like stuffed bread and pizza slices. But the best so far is their cherry walnut bundt cake..the thing is so moist and absolutely loaded with nuts and cherries. I asked them if they could use the recipe to make it a round birthday cake and they happily accommodated...the party guests were amazed...it is a bit hidden behind a Citgo on the main drag but be sure to give them a try!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,3/13/2014,16,14,,5,2>We celebrated my birthday dinner here last night. Our waitress (girl with a skull tattoo on her arm, I can't remember her name!) was amazing. She recommended the tuna tartar taco appetizer, which was the perfect start to our meal. The rolls were warm and melted in our mouths. I had the scallop entree (took half of it home because it was too good to experience just once!) and my boyfriend had the salmon. He raved about how the salmon was the star of the plate, as it should be. We each had a glass of wine (I had the Trapiche malbec and he had a cab that started with a C). For dessert, my boyfriend had a nutella bar-type thing, and I had a coconut mousse, neither of which I can find on the menu but they were to die for. I can't WAIT to go back.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/12/2014,132,600,4,12,6>Well, after hearing the raves about this place from our Community Manager, I figured it was time to gather up some friends and head to this place.So glad that we did. Worth the trek. Go.Just high caliber new American food.  The diverse menu was such that eight of us each had a different main course.  Totally unplanned but that shows how good the menu looked. And each of them was terrific. The pork porterhouse. The salmon special. The halibut. And the gnocchi. Particularly the gnocchi. Rich and hearty for a cold winter's night.And for our vegetarian in the group, the kitchen made a special dish to order just to her liking. She was in heaven. Even the amuse bouche was custom made. That was a particularly nice touch and made a great night even better.And the desserts! Well, just stop at the cider donuts with ice cream (we had the salted caramel ice cream -- even better than the butter pecan).  Outstanding.Add in accomplished service and a warm decor (though a little empty on patrons) and this is a big winner.Go and make sure this place stays open. It is one of the best in the Hartford area.  And deserves long success.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,3/11/2014,5,165,1,6,3>YEAH!! This place is SO awesome!!! The service, the atmosphere and the food! It is also located right across the street from where I work so I am totally excited about happy hour here! the bar is great, wraps around the room with pretzel rods to snack on which I find delightful. The food is divine! I love their homemade chips with blue cheese, their scallops, mushroom risotto and their cinnamon ice cream...the service is on point, honest and professional...great for parties too...we had a holiday party there one year and it was fantastic.....it is a place I want to go to again and again!! Well done J Gilberts!!!
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,3/10/2014,86,169,,8,3>Luce is a special occasion place for me, and with the kids home from college we had a special occasion. So off we went.Good choice.The cuisine has Italian roots, American influence, and a fair amount of creativity. I ordered a venison special, and found it perfectly cooked, elegantly presented, and entirely delicious. My daughter said the same of hers, and so did my son of his veal chop.Luce makes an effort to foster a fine dining environment. The lighting helps separate parties from one another, and it's easy to carry on a conversation at your table. The server was attentive and helpful, answering our questions and letting us know that our entrees were coming.The prices are a little higher than I can manage to be a regular, but their bar menu is very reasonable indeed. The wine list is extensive, with very nice offerings by the glass if you're not in a group.I'll also mention that many years ago, Luce hosted a party I still remember with great fondness. What a meal it was!When I really need a meal like that, I know where to go.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2013,3/9/2014,59,250,5,11,3>We were looking to try something new and after seeing all of the yelp reviews, decided to give this place a try.  It was great!  The service was wonderful - friendly and fast.  Our server even recommended a few items when we were having a difficult time choosing between items.  The worst thing about this place - there are so many choices on the menu it can be difficult to make a choice; in fact, it took us a while to even narrow things down, we were a bit overwhelmed. Everything was good - from the sushi to the dumplings to the pad thai to the teriyaki chicken.  We will definitely go back again.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2013,3/8/2014,71,294,2,7,4>If you have the opportunity to purchase the Spotlight Groupon that keeps popping up, it is well worth your $6. My husband and I have stocked up a couple of times, buying two or three tickets each, and Spotlight has quickly become our favorite movie theater. They only have a few screens, but it's rare that we're not interested in at least one of the movies they're showing. The theaters are always clean, and the chairs are large and comfortable. You can purchase wine and beer from the concession stand, which is a nice option. There is a larger bar and dining area (the "Front Street Bistro") adjacent to the concession stand, presumably for pre or post-movie drinks and snacks. The menu is fairly limited, but worth checking out.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,3/7/2014,234,178,5,13,7>The arrival of The Green Teahouse to New Haven is something between a dream and a miracle.As a fan of the Hartford location for many moons, I fully appreciate how glorious this addition is to the New Haven dining scene. The Teahouse specializes in all types of loose leaf teas - black, green, oolong, matcha, herbal, white, pu-erh. The New Haven locale is unique though, as it offers a full dining menu, complete with suggestions for tea pairings with your meal.  This is a "take a load off" dining experience. From the movement you walk in, the place exudes a sense of zen. The music, the decor, the tea. The only thing missing is a massage table in the back. The best part is a sign in the store window, discouraging the use of laptops. Thank you for this GTH! I imagine that I'll be running away here often, it is the perfect place to regroup and recharge.This visit I tried:* Phoenix Oolong - a light body tea with rich floral flavor. The tea quality was excellent, I was able to get 3 steeps out of one pot. * Tea-Infused Cookie of The Day - Green Tea Cookie, a sugar cookie with green tea and white chocolate chips. This came with my tea order. * Curry noodles - noodle with a curry sauce, jalapeños, apple, and tomatoes.* Crimson Rain Tea - a white tea blend with apples and almonds. This one I bought pre-packaged, and I plan to kick my feet up, and enjoy it at home ASAP.I LOVE EVERYTHING I TRIED! Current store hours are Mon. - Fri. 10am to 9pm, Sun. 12pm to 8pm. I was told these hours will be extended as they expand their customer base. I don't think they will have difficulty building a following, they already have me hooked after one visit. This is now my go-to happy place.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/6/2014,32,57,3,7,5>Not every restaurant could pull off neon yellow walls first thing on a Sunday morning, but this place does it with charm and character. Typical diner-style breakfast food and coffee, but done oh so well. The Mess is a must-try (they even made it to order for my breakfast companion, who doesn't like onions, and it was still fabulous). Omelets are pretty standard but the hash browns and multi-grain toast were unique and excellent. Coffee was delicious, and we left feeling full and satisfied. I'll be adding this restaurant to my brunch rotation from now on.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,3/5/2014,37,44,4,10,6>Review in a few words: Hands down one of the best restaurants in New Haven.  Gourmet food and exceptional service.Review in full:  I don't usually like to write reviews for restaurants that have been reviewed to death but after three years of living in New Haven it would be a disservice to not compliment these folks.  Caseus is the best.  I really don't even know where to begin with my review so if I am able to communicate one thing, it needs to be that.Caseus is a fromagerie and bistro (or cheese shop and restaurant if you want to call a spade a spade) and it is abundantly clear that everything they put on a plate is a 100% effort.  Their standard menu features some great offerings (beet salad and the mac and cheese are not to be missed) but the real gems of Caseus come from their daily specials which also include a daily homemade sausage special. Go ahead and like these folks on facebook... you will both thank and curse me for this tip as they post pictures of these special each day.  These pictures work like a siren call that I am often powerless to resist.  It should also be noted that these guys do dessert well too.  Caseus is the first place that I have had pot de creme from and I cannot heap enough praise on this dish.  The chocolate was both sweet and salty and it was covered in cream and white figs... out of this world.I also need to compliment the service at Caseus.  While they are great at dinner I normally drop by here at lunch and sit at the bar.  The staff are friendly, knowledgeable, and you can tell they have a real interest in the food they are serving.  This little bit goes a long way for me.  Speaking of the bar, Caseus also has some pretty decent beers.  There are only two taps but I really have nothing against drinking a decent bottle of beer if it is something out of the ordinary.  They normally carry La Fin Du Monde (my favorite) and a handful of random others.  I had Hitachino's Dai Dai ale the last time I was here and it was great.The only possible criticism of Caseus that I can imagine is that they are a fish that have outgrown its pond.  This space is small and reservations tend to get snapped up quickly.  I am also not always a fan of being seated elbow to elbow with other patrons.  Something to consider.All in all Caseus just delivers.  It is as simple as that.  Great food, great atmosphere, and great service.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,3/4/2014,18,46,4,10,3>The price is right and the taste is incredible.  Never disappointed (well once, the chicken was a bit grissly, but honestly once in 50 times? not bad at all) and always satisfied - usually with half a rice bowl for lunch the next day.  The mango lassi is incredibly yogurty and fresh, the samosa is deliciously blended inside - no huge chunks of flavorless potatoes.  I usually mix two sauces together and they are so so so good.  It is 9am right now and just writing about this place makes me want it.The only feedback I have (and I've already told them this) is that they need naan! I know, I know, they have roti, but the roti is too stiff and the sauce just pours out of the wrap (IMO). I would love a fluffy delicious chewy indian bread of some kind (maybe kulcha or bhatura). Americans love naan!! Since it requires a special clay oven they don't have room for, I don't see it happening any time soon, but throw a girl some indian fried bread then, at least! :)Even with me begging for fluffy bread, still can't give this place less than 5 stars.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,3/3/2014,5,15,3,7,5>I have been feeling less than stellar the past few weeks. I think the winter has finally caught up with me and delivered a wicked cold. Suffice it to say, after getting in from work at 7 I had no interest in cooking so I browsed Yelp! for Chinese and poured myself a glass of red. I have tried most of the other places in the area: Empire Kitchen, Golden Dragon, Oriental Cafe. They all left something to be desired, I have been in search of a place that lives up to Oriental Cafe in Storrs for American Chinese. I think I found that in Main Wah. As the other reviewer said the Crab Rangoons are more savory than sweet which I prefer.  The chicken and broccoli which I ordered steamed was a nice proportion of chicken to broccoli. Finally, the egg drop soup was not an overly oily consistency like I often find in most take-out places. I don't think it mentions it anywhere but delivery is an $18 minimum fyi!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,3/2/2014,52,135,4,7,6>I was recommended by my director at work. Clearly one of the best choices I have made regarding donuts. I came in for two dozen donuts and I will say I am not buying from franchises ever again! Freshly made everyday and they taste fantastic! As a matter of fact two dozen amazing donuts here cost less than your local franchise. Highly recommend! Great staff! Certainly gained themselves a new and returning customer!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,3/1/2014,30,125,3,5,5>Call me weird, but the crust on their pizza is amazing. Typically go for the Margherita pizza because my two-year-old eats it as well but I've never had an issue. It's as good as it gets here in Connecticut. Pretty good beer selection as well and very reasonably priced. The bruschetta and cheesy bread is awesome too.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,2/28/2014,27,68,4,7,5>I tried most of the flavors for the wings and I like the fact that there are a good variety of flavors ranging in heat to meet everyone's palette. My personal favorites are the honey blues (regular buffalo with blue cheese) and the shogun (teriyaki flavor with chili); the garlic parm is great as well. Both the shogun and honey blues has just the right amount of heat for me. If I want more heat I sometimes will get the man-gun wings (shogun flavor plus mango habanero). The best part is that the wings are doused with so much sauce. Hey, more sauce, more flavor!I have also tried garlic parm fries, the fried pickles and the buffalo Mac and cheese. They were all delicious. Can't comment on the burgers since I never had them. They now have lunch combos which are a really good deal if you are really hungry. The combos include fries and a drink. May get a combo tomorrow during lunch hour before I go back on my 'diet' for the gazillionth time. I bumped it down one star because sometimes the wings are puny and small. I guess it depends on the time you order them, but at least they give you a couple extra wings as compensation.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,2/27/2014,76,88,3,8,5>Why go to the rest when you can go here and have the best!  I have been going here since they first opened in the late 1980's.  I was just a kid when my parents first brought me here. The owner Tan & his wife T are very friendly and welcoming.They use fresh quality ingredients here. No short cuts or mystery processed meats.  The prices are great, portions are generous.  My father rarely orders from the menu, always has Tan surprise him, and he's never disappointed.I can't go to another Chinese restaurant since I have been spoiled with all the awesome tasty food that Tan & his chef's have cooked me through out the years.  And I will continue to go to Ming with my husband and hopefully some day be able to bring my children too.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/26/2014,61,81,8,7,7>So, I was driving by one morning, and I caught a glimpse of Lox Stock and Bagel's sign out of the corner of my right eye and I pulled a quick u-turn. I love the West Hartford location to an unreasonable degree so stumbling across another location made this "not a morning person" quite happy for 8:30 am. To anyone who compares the bagels to Dunkin, I have a questions; When you're surfing Pinterest do you excitedly repin recipes with descriptors like "tastes just like Olive Garden!"? Also, do you seek out chain restaurants when you travel, ostensibly because the food is good, but in actuality you don't know what good food is and you're just too boring to find out? I wager you say YES for both. The bagels are great and the selection is wayyyy beyond what larger chains offer. The coffee is better too. Get it. Also, you're in the realm of bagel legitimacy when the menu says "schmeer" as opposed to spread.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,2/25/2014,116,265,,9,4>Mickey Blake's continues to deliver! After visiting some other cigar shops I am more and more appreciative of the level of service that Mickey Blake's has to offer. I love going and spending an evening here even in the public side which is well appointed. It's fun to stop by at least once a week to chat with Luis, Marco, Joe, Chris or any of the other great guys that work here. I enjoy being able to talk with someone who know my tastes in cigars and can help point me to new discoveries.They constantly have new cigars coming in and I feel like a kid in a candy shop when I walk into their humidor. Lots of limited releases and even custom exclusive blends! Great assortment of accessories too!
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,2/24/2014,14,106,5,8,6>Long story short, I love Sushi House.  I used to live closer a few months ago but I still make the trek to Rocky Hill when I get the chance.  If you're a sushi lover, this place won't disappoint.I've been to other all-you-can-eat sushi places for the most part they are buffets and the quality is very low.  Sushi House is all-you-can-eat but it is not a buffet; everything is made to order.  When you arrive they will bring you a paper menu and a pen so you can tally all of the food you'd like to order.  I usually go in with a group of four or more and we order a LOT of sushi.  The all-you-can-eat menu includes all of their specialty rolls which run for $11-$13 a piece if you buy them individually, so if you can eat two rolls you've gotten your money's worth.  The rocky hill roll is the BEST.  We usually order six if them to start plus a bunch of others to go with it.  The quality here is excellent.My only advice is come hungry but don't come if you're in a rush.  They will make you as much as you want, and you can order as many times as you'd like, but it definitely takes time for them to make each order.  We normally get there as soon as they open, so we're the only ones there, but it still takes a while to get our orders.  We're never in a rush when we go there so this isn't an issue for us.  Also, PLEASE don't order more than you can eat.  Their only request is that nothing gets thrown out.After tax and tip this feast comes to $25 and we each eat probably $70-$80 worth of sushi.  I absolutely love this place and come back every chance I get.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,2/23/2014,11,180,4,8,5>Went for the first time the night before Thanksgiving. Reserved a table while driving there, so no wait. It was fairly full. Have to say that the service is the best! I appreciate being brought water and really appreciate my glass being constantly filled. They have an interesting draft beer list. We tried a few new ones.  I had the Butternut Bisque Soup which was delicious. My husband had the Bib Lettuce Salad. The ingredients were fresh, but he thought the dressing was too lemony. Rolls on the table were good. I had the Rigatoni which was very good-the portion was large. It wasn't too spicy. My husband had the Cheese steak sandwich, which he liked. The fries were hot and apparently bottomless, but the serving size was substantial. The atmosphere is cozy. Next time we will sit in the bar area. We will be going back!!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2013,2/22/2014,119,143,4,6,6>I dig this place!  I've been there once and yesterday got a pile of nummy takeout to bring home.  My first trip there my belly was rather full from lunch so all I had was the paw-paw's poutine (fries with pimento cheese and pulled pork piled on them)  how can you not like that?  Yesterday I popped in to pick up an order I called in ahead of time and they were just putting it together.  3 meat entree with burnt ends, pulled pork and brisket and I got the two sides as mac and cheese (baked beans and cole slaw aren't really my thing).It was super delicious.  The mac and cheese is pretty great.  I really like that they use a swirly pasta, elbow-ish but capable of getting all snuggy in the cheese.  I might even change my homemade mac and cheese to use a pasta of this nature because it worked very well.  The corn bread...oh the corn bread was so good.  It was hearty, held together well and had a nice hint of sweetness (even without what appeared to be honey butter that came with it).  The burnt ends are a sight to behold.  Most of what appears to be "burnt" is some delicious coating of goodness all over it.  The brisket was a little fatty (to be expected) but so tender and delicious.  The pulled pork is also tasty as heck.  I like my pulled pork saucy and theirs isn't like that...but no matter, pile on one of their three sauces (the spicy one is WAAAAAAY too spicy for me) and you'll be satisfied.I feel I Have to end my review the way I started it: I dig this place.  I will mos' def' be back for more meat.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/21/2014,115,309,4,12,5>There are two distinctly different modes of this restaurant.  The morning edition, and the lunch and evening fare, the latter two are entirely different in how they are presented and served. Breakfast is creative and customizable, super healthy... or super decadent!  They do some interesting things that are kind of fun for breakfast.  Like - a personal toaster, on your table.  They do emphasize local - local -local, a nice touch, but they also have some  favorite nationally recognizable sugar cereals.Breakfast is served at 7 AM, around 11 AM they switch to the lunch menu.  The lunch and dinner menus have five breakfast like items included, if you are in a breakfast state of mind, you can indulge your fancy. The lunch items are traditional favorites covering the spectrum.  Soups, salads, sandwiches, burgers and some luncheon plates.  The luncheon platters offer a number of rotisserie bowl options.  I can personally vouch for the chicken and turkey.   The fish options that I noticed were baked, I enjoyed the wings that were also prepared on the rotisserie.  During the late afternoon the dinner menu segues into the dinner menu.  The dinner menu includes many larger portion versions of the lunch offerings. This organization prides itself on comfort foods.  I loved Nana's meatloaf, the turkey is absolutely delicious and if you want to try some wonderful shrimp I recommend the coconut shrimp.I will be back and we will have a great time trying menu items, I am very excited.  This restaurant has both vegetarian and gluten free options.  All the breads are made in-house and all the ingredients are available if food sensitivities are an issue.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,2/20/2014,19,119,3,8,5>So, we went out on our date night to Corey's only to find that there was a HUGE 45 minute wait and we didn't want to be late so we sat at the bar. The place was packed, as usual. Sitting at the bar didn't diminish the experience one bit. I got the special 2 sliders and fries. I have to say I felt that ONE slider was enough and then a huge pile of garlic parm fries on top of that and I was one stuffed chick. We came back after the concert for an app and a desert. The Banana Fosters cheesecake is a rather decent size slice of what I imagine heaven would be like. If you like bananas and you like cheesecake, you'll love this.  The crispy wings(boneless) were amazing and super crispy. Overall I would love to go back and look forward to another date night to try and get in again.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,2/19/2014,79,188,6,8,5>Today's experience involved all of these things: --Cashier offers to include free vegetarian egg roll with order. Just because. --While waiting the not-even-ten-minutes for my take out order, cashier brings me a cup of hot tea. Just because. I didn't order it. I didn't look dehydrated, in my opinion. --Cashier/waiter says "this is vegetarian paradise." Indeed. --Leaving at same time as other customers who also put in a huge order for veggie food, we bonded over how much we all love the place. Look, I've never heard someone leave a super fancy restaurant expressing how "[profanity]-ing excited" they are about their order.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,2/18/2014,22,76,2,9,4>New breakfast favorite destination! The corned beef hash was great, the bacon was perfectly crispy, and the pancakes..... oooooh the pancakes... best pancakes ever!Full review:My gf and I decided to give Dad's a shot, as we were nearby and they seem to get great reviews. Yet again, my fellow Yelpers were spot on!Dad's has everything it takes to be a great breakfast spot: Great food, generous portions, and a pleasant staff that makes you feel right at home!The pancake was bigger than I had ever anticipated, and was even described by my girlfriend as the best pancake she's ever had. The house-made corned beef hash was incredible and her chicken sausage omelette was perfect!We'll certainly be returning to Dad's many more times!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,2/17/2014,56,133,3,7,4>I came here for dinner with a friend, and we ended up with a bottle of wine and four tapas.I didn't have high hopes for quantity of food, as my last trip to a tapas restaurant was a disaster. So when the four small plates came, I thought about going home and going to Wendy's or something - but it was actually enough - and it was quite good. (No wonder those Spaniards are so skinny!) He's a vegetarian, and I hadn't been there before, so I had him order. My favorite was the mushrooms with goat cheese, though the lemony sauce on the papas bravas was pretty amazing. There was some other potato pie thing, and a chickpea and spinach dish, but the mushrooms were hands down the best. On a return trip, I'll have to try some of the other dishes with meat, because some of them looked downright enticing. Also, they do have paella Valencia (one of my weaknesses), and someone at a nearby table ordered it. It smelled fantastic.As it's a wine bar, I did not sufficiently prepare myself for the long, LONG list of wine to choose from. We ended up with a moderately priced Argentinian white, which was very good. It was overwhelming, really. I should have asked for a flight, but the bottle was just right for that particular dinner. It's on the pricier side, so next time I go I will be a bit more prepared - save some money, save room in my belly, and make a reservation, since it was pretty crowded. Though, I can definitely say there will be a next time.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/16/2014,222,115,2,8,5>First review of 2014 and a good one too!Location - Located in the heart of Middletown on Court St. and opposite the court house.  Parking is supposed to be available opposite the restaurant in a parking lot but I didn't see one even though I did a drive by a couple times.  There is a parking garage which I wasn't sure if I could park in so I opted to park in the street.  Now I wouldn't recommend doing this during the week when the area/street is busy as you might get towed.  I only parked in the street as it was Saturday and it was quiet and no other cars were parked on the street.Aesthetics - Restaurant is a small hole-in-the-wall restaurant which is just my kind of establishment.  As you enter, you're greeted by someone who's standing by the register.  There's a small scattering of tables around an even tables by the front windows.  There's also bar stools for solitary individuals dining by themselves.  Large groups of people may find it a bit on the cramped side.Menu - Lots of available menus by the cash register, on a blackboard up on the wall, and on their website and is very clear and concise.Service - Staff greeted me as I entered and after I placed my order to go, the chef and owner even popped out from the cooking area to greet me and say hi which I really liked and had a personal touch! Food - I ordered the soup, chips, and 1/2 sandwich special which was under $10.  For the sandwich I got the BLT on sourdough bread.  Lettuce was fresh and crispy; tomato was fresh and wasn't soft and mushy; the bacon was well cooked and crispy which is the way I like it; and the sourdough bread was soft.  The chips were advertised as hand cut and I'm not sure what kind of oil it was fried in but it was out of this world.  It wasn't salty and neither too crispy nor too soft but just the right amount of crunch to it.  The soup, I opted for the broccoli cheddar which I thought was absolutely rich and tasty.  It felt like the kind of soup if you had a cold, it would knock the cold right out of the park!  It wasn't too thick and creamy but had the right amount of consistency of broccoli and very cheesy enough.Rating - 5/5!  My only regret was that I ordered the 1/2 sandwich because it was so good that I wanted the other half!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/15/2014,312,447,5,13,7>Want the best pancakes in Hartford County, maybe even in the entire state?! Come to breakfast or brunch on a weekend day at East-West Grille.  So unexpected, which makes it even better.  I have had great pancakes but NEVER have I ever had pancakes like this.  Pancakes are not hard to make, even if you made them from scratch like I tend to do.  Some weekends my friends and I put together quite an impressive breakfast spread and I have a buttermilk pancake recipe that never disappoints...but these are different.  These pancakes are otherworldly.I brought a small group of friends here for brunch yesterday and each friend agreed they were the best pancakes they'd ever had.  We ordered the Berry Berry Blueberry pancakes and they were huge and thick, fluffy as a cloud,  bursting with blackberries and blueberries studded throughout.  Gridded to perfection in butter, it put all the other tasty breakfast items on the table to shame with it's slightly crispy outside and pillowy, airy insides.  *SWOON*.  East-West Grille folks were not willing to share the recipe (don't worry, I asked) but did say that they use a whole grain base.  Amazing.  Divine.  Magical mystery ride.  I continue to love that you can order typical breakfast items as well as authentic Lao-Thai choices.  This is the only place I know of that has congee - an Asian breakfast staple and ultimate comfort food.  I've tried it and it's very good.   Other things we had yesterday included the Touch of Laos Huevos Rancheros, Whole Hog Burrito, and sausage and cheese omelet.  All delicious.  My friends, who'd been there for lunch or dinner, but never breakfast, could not stop raving about it and thanking me for taking them here.  So yes, Diana L. is 100% right.  Breakfast here is FANTASTICx3. One of the few places I've rated that went from a 3 to 4 to 5er.  My favorite place for breakfast now that Harvest Cafe & Bakery in Simsbury has fallen out of rotation.  FYI - You will smell like food after you leave so be aware of that going in.  Lastly, they take reservations for 5 or more.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,2/14/2014,803,1274,15,22,19>Windsor is becoming quite the BBQ town, as Dorothy and Leroy's joins Bear's, Nat Hayden's and Lilly's with tasty variations of BBQ/Soul/Cajun/Southern goodness.This space was the previous location of the Whistlestop Café before they moved up the block to a nice new location, Dorothy and Leroy's relocated here after they closed their Windsor Locks establishment.The interior looks a lot like the Whistlestop did- a long service counter on the right and lots of booths on the left. The interior is decorated with lots of small pig and cow and chicken figurines.I stopped in after work on a cold December Wednesday and two booths had customers eating dinner. I ordered three dinner combinations to take home- a baked whiting, a fried chicken, and a pulled pork. The portions were pretty sizable - we were particularly impressed with the size of the chicken drumstick.I had the fish and it tasted very good - no complaints at all. The sides were all terrific -we had rice, greens, corn, mac and cheese and the cornbread. I really liked the mac and cheese- soft and creamy with none of the hard over-baked edges you find once in a while.The dinners were all between $10 and $12 -a pretty good value for very good food and a generous portion.Service was fine, the sweet lady said "Honey, just phone it in next time and we'll have it ready for you so you won't have to wait."Sounds like a plan to me,,,,,
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/13/2014,63,76,3,7,6>This place just ROCKS, hands down! I went here for drinks and apps with a friend on a snowy evening this past weekend and just had a fabulous time. The wait staff is impressive - incredibly friendly and attentive. I seriously didn't want to leave, but for the white powder accumulating on my car and the street outside.To drink, I had the Ginger Dragon Martini. I love ginger and boy, did this hit the spot. The perfect amount of ginger flavor and heat, while still giving you the kick to know you definitely just had a cocktail. It came with candied ginger that made for an excellent snack while I sipped my next drink, a Hooker White Ale. My dining companion was a sports-and-beer person and he was pleasantly surprised with how much he enjoyed Tisane as well. It's pretty much got exactly what you'd need to please everyone - even the teetotalers!As far as the food, we just ordered a couple of apps, but both were delicious: the bbq chicken spring rolls and the frites with steak.  When the bbq spring rolls were served, my dining companion brought up siracha in conversation with me and before we knew it, our server appeared with some siracha for our spring rolls! It made them all the more wonderful, and again, just reinforces how amazing the service was.I had been to Tisane years ago and remembered the experience fondly, but this last visit sealed the deal as my one of my go-to hangs from here on out!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,2/12/2014,44,120,2,8,6>What a fun way to spend an evening!Muse Paintbar is tucked away in a corner of Blue Back Square kind of behind the Cheesecake Factory.  Here's how it works:You go to their website and make a reservation for the evening you're interested in.  It costs $35, which includes your art lesson and your materials.  Everyone gets an easel, a canvas, paint, and brushes.  The instructor shows you the painting you're going to copy, and then walks you through it step-by-step, breaking it down so it's easy to follow.  Within about three hours, which flie by, you have a painting to take home.  It's a really fun time for people who don't take themselves too seriously.  If you don't stress over your finished product, you're able to relax and just enjoy painting.  The instructor was sure to tell us all that there would be no mistakes, just "happy accidents."  The painting on the night I went was a funky tree on an orange background, which was cool because they taught us how to fade the background so the outside was a much darker orange than the yellow center.  If you look at the calendar on their web site, you can see which painting is scheduled for which evening, and they have a session every night of the week.  You can also use this venue for private parties for adults and children.It's called a Paintbar, by the way, because there is a menu with a selection of wines and beers, as well as munchies to keep your energy up while you create.  I can't vouch for the food, since I didn't eat any that night, but next time I go I plan to try the chili.  If you go, try to remember to wear something you wouldn't mind getting a little messy.  It's paint, after all.  But they're prepared for that too, and they have some magic soap that does a great job getting paint out of sweaters.  Don't ask how I found that out...  ;)I can't wait to go back!  $35 is a totally reasonable price for a few hours of fun plus a finished project, which is now hanging in my office.  Who wants to go with me?
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,2/11/2014,258,368,2,8,4>I've been to this bakery on occasion and its a great place.  Its clean, has a fresh product and the decor looks very appealing in terms of style, color and ease.  I purchased a number of items yesterday, some of which included the custard cakes (Pasteis de nata), the flan chocolate cake, an almond tart and a pumpkin pie tart.  I understand that the Portuguese items are sold only on Sundays?  I have to admit being Portuguese and having had Portuguese pastries all my life here in the states and back in Portugal I don't think this is really a Portuguese bakery.  It's a European style establishment and certainly has some Portuguese influence.  It's namely in the title Vida Doce meaning Sweet Life, but they largely sell American goods or Americanized Portuguese type baked items.  I'm not knocking it at all because its a good place.  For example, the flan chocolate cake was very good.  It was fresh and delicious, but we are not known for chocolate cakes.  They combined a flan pudding to the top of a chocolate cake of which was attractive and inviting, but its not Luso. It just has our Latin influence. If a Portuguese establishment here reminded me of home it would not be this one.  If you are expecting pastries, breads (broas) and specialty items that your Portuguese grandmother, mother or aunt made you, those will not be found here.  Yes, they have the traditional Pasteis de nata, a version of filhoses (fried dough), and some almond goods, but its not highly traditional nor will it have the same feel of those from our "terrinha Portuguesa".     Pros: -Fresh pastries.  These are at a reasonable price. -Plenty of parking. -Available seating to have a coffee. -Friendly staff.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,2/10/2014,39,148,3,9,3>I've eaten at one other Peruvian restaurant and I thought this was the better of the two. They have an extensive menu. We had a Groupon and will be back.The portions were massive! One dish was enough for for about 3 meals for me. You could definitely share a dinner. My husband had a giant steak with pasta in a green basil based sauce. I had a fried rice type dish. We enjoyed it all even as leftovers.If you've never tried Peruvian food, I recommend giving Piolin a go for your first time!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,2/9/2014,88,118,7,11,9>You know what? Yes. Yes this place does get five, full, shiny stars.I want to make it very clear that as a vegetarian who hates cheese, I am a difficult brunch patron to impress. But this place, THIS place, nailed it. First of all, fitting our large group was no problem. We arrived early enough that we were able to waltz right in to a large table in the middle of the pub. Our server was also quite on point, handling our brunch stragglers with efficiency, and zero annoyance. I started with the boozy eggnog. Creamy, flavorful, and emphasis on boozy, this eggnog had it all. If you go during eggnog season, don't pass it up. It's decadent and luxurious, as far as eggnog goes.I ordered a vegetarian, no cheese version of the Birds in a Nest (not on the menu as an option, but was no problem at all), which is essentially a veggie and egg scramble, overflowing out of a bread bowl. I was kind of worried that the bread bowl would be sourdough, but to my excitement, it was a delicious French-bread kind of amazing bowl, for the win. The eggs were delightfully fluffy, and the veggies were cooked and added in a way that did not make the whole concoction soggy and weird. It was literally perfection. Oh, and the home fries were big chunks of browned, seasoned, crispy goodness. My Half Door brunch experience was so good, in fact, that it may be awhile before I go anywhere else, as they provided the best atmosphere and execution of brunch feasting that I have relished in, in a long time.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/8/2014,19,69,,7,4>This little gem is just a short hop and skip from downtown Hartford. While there is parking in front of the shop I ended up accidentally passing the shop and finding parking at the nearby grocery store.  Suffice to say, parking is not really an issue for this bakery.  The shop itself is very low key with simple decor and maybe 2 or 3 small tables.  I came on a Saturday mid-morning.  A few customers came and went while I drooled over the variety of baked goods, donuts, and breads they had displayed.  I opted for the Boston Cream Doughnut since it's my favorite kind. I also got a cherry strudel flaky pastry for later (another one of my favorites).  The doughnut itself was light and fluffy. The cream was rich and smooth. Not too terribly sweet or oily.  It really was a delight to eat.   The pastry was a little hard on the edges and flaked a lot.  The cherry filling was just average and a little too sweet for my liking.   There were two servers behind the counter and both greeted me at the door.  The younger server was very patient with my indecision. She gave me a choice to have my treats together or in separate bags. Plus she also told me not to worry about the 1 cent on my $3.01 total.  So I say the customer service was quite good.  Definitely a great small bakery.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,2/7/2014,48,117,4,11,8>Having lunch with my very Due daughter. Maybe the spices will do it?Alas no, she is still "with." However I was very pleasantly surprised at the quality of this spot on the Silas Dean in Rocky Hill.If it weren't for a large sign in front, it is easily passed, so keep your eyes open. When we got there, there was only a van in the parking lot, which was likely for one of the workers. The outside is very nondescript. Once you walk in, however, the decor is very bright to compliment the dark tables quite well. We were the first people there for the day, having made our way just after the 11:30 opening time. We were, of course, promptly sat, and invited to the buffet, (Wondered why Indian restaurants always serve buffet for lunch, until my daughter mentioned that, traditionally, Indian fare is served family-style. Makes sense to me!) Back to the food...the buffet was clean, steam emanating from the buffet, and all pans were well-stacked. I couldn't help but hope that all this food didn't go to waste. We made our way down the line, picking this and that. I chose, among other things, Tandoori chicken, vegetable pakora, basmati rice, egg masala, curried chicken, and a very colorful dish of goat cooked in a vegetable basmati rice, similar to a Chinese fried rice in preparation, but had a great taste of its own.Everything was hot, fragrant, and extremely tasty. The accompanying naan was perfect to sop up all the delightful sauces and gravies that escaped the basmati.While eating, I noticed that a line formed at the buffet...and LONG line, comprised of a diverse crowd of hungry patrons. Our waiter, while not over-bearing or rushing in the least, did make it a point to clear our dishes quite promptly, adding the the general busy feeling that the now capacity crowd promoted. We weren't forced out, but we didn't linger either...just enough time to share the carrot and honey dessert, which was warm, and the consistency almost of a breadless bread pudding.I am glad my pre-conceived notions of this smallish place melted away like the lentil stew...I would have missed a very nice lunch place.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,2/6/2014,19,70,3,5,3>We went here because we knew there was a little spot to sit outside and eat, and my mom had raved about this place and kindly gave my boyfriend and I a gift card to try it out. Let me start by saying that we had one of the friendliest waitresses I've ever had. She was knowledgeable in their draft beer selection and prompted my boyfriend to which beer was most similar to a Sam Adams lager. She let us know how all their menu items are for the most part home grown, and about their neat appetizer flights where you get to sample a little bit of everything. I ordered the veggy pizza, i could eat pizza all day everyday, it was good, not sure if I'd order it again though because it was a little too saucy. But there are plenty of other menu items I'd love to sample. We will definitely be back!!!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/5/2014,7,20,,9,6>We went here last weekend for the "Taste of Hartford" deal, and it did not disappoint.  I remember my first visit here about a decade ago being a bit underwhelming, which accounts for the fact that we didn't make it back here until now.  I have to admit I was skeptical, but figured the recent good reviews had to mean something.  Well, I was pleasantly surprised, because Carbone's exceeded my expectations in just about every way.  The blood orange martini is truly outstanding.  The juice tastes fresh squeezed on the spot.  We were able to upgrade our salads to the tableside Caesar preparation for only $5, which wasn't a bad deal.  10 years ago we didn't know about the Caesar salad preparation until it was too late to order it, so as we left we vowed to come back and have it.  Well, if you can believe that, it that never happened until now!  I was really hopeful that it would be as good as I imagined it to be.  Well, again, it was absolutely spectacular.  Our preparer was friendly, funny and knew what he was doing. I know how to make a Caesar salad, and I can attest that this is the authentic way to do it.  The only thing I might have done differently is shred the cheese instead of finely grate it, but that's just because I'm used to that way of doing it.  It did not compromise the taste of the salad to use a more finely grated cheese.We both had the Veal Rollatini, which really benefitted from the smoky, porky lardons in the sauce.  The mushroom sauce was very good, too.  The veal itself was melt in your mouth.  I can see why they have a reputation for veal.I had the pannetone bread pudding, which was everything it should be and more.  I have made it myself and I liked theirs even more than my own, which says a lot!I have to say that I am very happy to see that Carbone's is going strong on its third generation in the family. It did our hearts good to see it doing so well. Restaurants with such a history should be treasured by a community and it would hurt to see it in a state of decline.   Some people complain about the outdated decor, but in my opinion they just don't get it.  Some restaurants should be a bit outdated to preserve the flavor of their history.  It's not just about the food, it's about the entire experience and how it relates to their past.  You have to have an appreciation for history, especially culinary history to get it.  From the attended coat room, to the wood mouldings, to the tableside preparation, to the style of the bar, this place is history and should be appreciated as such.  Hartford has too few restaurants in this category, so it is somewhat of an endangered species.  I think they have done a good job keeping it relevant for today while preserving the attractive aspects of its past.  We will definitely come back in FAR less time than a decade!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/4/2014,18,37,3,9,5>This place is delicious!  I went there for lunch and the prices weren't too bad either.  I've heard it gets a little more expensive at nighttime, but no more so than whatever else is around in the area.  They give you delicious little breads with some fancy butter!  It is great.  I also had the short rib grilled cheese and it was delightful.  Enough food so that I was able to only eat 1/2 and still be full.  The waiter was very professional and we didn't have to wait for our food for TOO long (a little long) but it was very crowded in there.Nice ambiance as well...I would recommend it!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,2/3/2014,29,88,3,5,3>Like other users have said, I would probably give this joint 5 stars if it weren't for the location.  For those familiar with the area, it's situated in the dilapidated Glen Lochen Mall near the center of town.  This building used to be thriving........ in the 70's and 80's, but now it is literally falling apart.  It's also just an awkward layout to begin with.  That being said, there is a huge construction project going on right now, so I'm hoping the venue gets livened up a bit.  Regarding the actual restaurant - it's a FANTASTIC lunch spot.  The second you approach the counter, you get the feeling that this is the brainchild of a couple buddies who were sitting around drinking beers one night, and drunkenly decided to open up a sandwich shop together.  I have to admit, I'm kind of jealous.  What guy wouldn't want to make sandwiches for a living, if he could?  What sets these guys apart is the fact that they make really REALLY good sandwiches.  It's clear that there's some legitimate culinary experience in the kitchen, which is a breath of fresh air when the competition is basically Subway.  Try the Notorious P.I.G. and try to tell me it's not one of the better sammies you've had this year.  Get after it!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,2/2/2014,173,343,4,8,4>On a snowy December day when many in Connecticut were hunkered down and restaurants were closing early thinking "snowmegedon" was upon us - my family and I had a very enjoyable meal at Joey Garlic's whom did not get the memo. It was quiet when we arrived and after we were seated our waitress promptly came to our table for our drink orders and to see if we had any questions.Having been to their Newington location - I knew what to expect from this restaurant both in terms of their menu items and portion size.  The reviews don't lie - unless you are training for a food eating competition, the size of their grinders (which are "one size fits all") alone are definitely enough to share or bring home for a second meal.  Mark C and I both ordered the Sicilian Salad with Chicken (no cheese for me) and per usual the salad did not disappoint.  Whether at the Newington location or this one the salad is comprised of vegetables that are always fresh and flavorful - not a leaf of iceburg to be found, orange slices and gorgonzola cheese, all on top of garlic flatbread which soaks up all the flavors of the dressing and oranges.  My only issue (and this is entirely my fault) is that I should ask to have the chicken sliced before they put it on the salad.  I made a bit of a mess trying to cut the chicken while making sure the salad remained on my plate.This location seemed a little more laid back and less frentic then the Newington location (which is always busy) and though when we left there were more diners, I never had to raise my voice during lunch to the level that always seems to happen at the other location. Although it's a bit of a drive to Bristol,  I would have no problem in the future coming to this location for a bite to eat.Good food and good company  - that's a win win in my book
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2013,2/1/2014,33,132,2,7,2>I have lived in Wethersfield for 5 years now and have driven by this place more times than I can imagine and never thought about heading in.  Very non-descript location with the sign "Home of the Chicken Cutlet" or something to that effect.  Odd for a pizza place to focus its draw on chicken cutlets I thought...Then, one day I stumbled upon the Yelp reviews for the place and figured I had to try it out.  Never saw so many folks rave about the chicken parm and the pictures did look amazing.So, I will start my review with the one big nit to pick (and then it's all love from there):  This place does zero advertising either online or anywhere.  After searching for a menu to order from for 15 - 20 minutes, I finally gave up and just called the place and said I wanted a chicken cutlet sandwich.  Woman asked what type / size and I said "Parmesean? I guess?"  and "Foot long?".  I get that this place is old school, but someone should make a simple website for these folks with name, number, address, and a simple PDF scan of the menu.  That alone would help out immensely.Will say the place lives up to its Yelp hype.  I ordered a full size sandwich, while will run you close to $20...Now you're thinking $20 for a sandwich?  Insane!  But, this thing is freaking huge.  Foot long and stacked 5 or 6 cutlets high.  Those cutlets are pounded thin, seasoned well, breaded, fried, and delicious.  Add on some sauce and cheese and, for $20, you have 3 - 4 awesome meals easily.  My family of 3 finished what we could and I had a lunch with the rest the following day.  They also make smaller sizes (1/2 foot long and a smaller sandwich).  That is really the beginning and the end of the review.  Definitely not a place you're going to have a sit down meal in.  They have some tables, but feels like mostly take-out.  They do other sandwiches and pizza judging by the menu, but everyone coming in to pick-up was getting the same thing.  Oh, and a cash only joint...they have ATM on site, but if you're not into paying a convenience fee to pay your bill, think ahead!  But, if you're looking for a knock-out Chicken Parm sandwich around Wethersfield, you can't beat this place...
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,1/31/2014,35,116,3,6,6>Firebox is always delicious and NYE 2013 was no exception. Kudos to the team of chefs at this restaurant for being so creative with their locally sourced ingredients. Thanks for a great meal to round out the year.Starters - We love Cato Corner cheese and were pleasantly surprised with the generous portion of tastes given in the cheese plate appetizer. That cheese is very expensive and you seem to get about 1/4 lb here for $16. Definitely enough to share with one or two people. I also loved the presentation with the honey right on a piece of the comb. The champagne special paired excellently with the cheese plate.Calamari with chick peas and kale sounds like an odd combination, and my bf couldn't explain how, but it just worked. It worked so well he cleaned the plate. Entrees - Both entrees were to die for - perfectly cooked medium rare cast iron duck breast cassoulet with silky, heirloom beans and well-seasoned ny strip with whipped horseradish turnip, sprout leaves with bacon and parsnip. Again, plates were cleaned during this course.Finale - Despite already being stuffed with delicious appetizers, cocktails and entrees, we both ordered dessert. I opted for the cider doughnut with maple ice cream. The doughnut was gigantic with a thick layer of crunchy cinnamon sugar. It was served with its corresponding doughnut hole, stewed apple and maple walnut ice cream from J Fosters.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,1/30/2014,105,113,4,7,5>Oh. Em. Gee. THE BEST leg massage EVAH!I got one of their higher priced, anti-callus pedicures and I may have passed out in the massage chair... I think they used 3 different creams to rub down your feet and legs, an exfoliating cream, then they pretty much shave the bottom of your foot which is kind of gross and awesome at the same time but, makes your feet come out baby-butt smooth and then they rinse and rub your legs some more before cleaning up your nails and topping you off with toe polish. Once you're walked over to let your nails dry, they massage your neck and back with hot compresses for a good 20 minutes. Best $53 spent in quite a while.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,1/29/2014,80,172,5,9,5>Great way to spend an afternoon! This place is pretty big and has 5 or 6 rooms full of mostly junk. The brick building itself is pretty awesome and would make a great spot for a gastropub. Most of the stuff here is pretty much the leftover junk from estate or tag sales. There are a couple of decent antique pieces and memorabilia, but the items in the front room are way overpriced. Every once in a while I'll stop in to explore the treasures, and usually find a couple things I like. I got a  level, and a few vintage oiling cans, which I use all the time in the garage. There's a nice little collection of books. Prices are certainly negotiable, and I certainly wouldn't expect to pay the prices that are listed. It's worth a stop to see if you might find your pot of gold!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/28/2014,80,717,4,5,4>Every small town in Connecticut seems to have one of these. The little all-in-one market, complete with prepared foods, a few dry goods, deli, butcher, bakery.This one's very cute. Don't be fooled by the negative review - there's ample parking to the left of the market, the food is very good, and everyone working there was extremely nice - not a snob to be found.  I'd say the butcher shop is the most intriguing feature, as they carry a variety of house made sausages in addition to the usual cuts.I just needed some dinner, so I went for a nice slice of quiche to take home. Man, was it decadent; full of ham and bacon, it was a dinner for a king. There appeared to be a nice selection of prepared foods, including pasta dishes and meatballs.Kensington Market has scored a handsome "Victory" in my book :).
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,1/27/2014,10,17,3,4,4>Adolf's doesn't look like much from the outside, but it all changes when you get out of your car and smell the smoker. Great cuts of pork - and they are more than willing to make suggestions based on your recipe and budget. Their sausages (weisswurst and knockwurst) are flavorful and far away the best in the area. Good selection of some hard to find German and Polish groceries, as well. I haven't been able to try their hams yet, because I never seem to catch them in store. They can run out of their specialties, so if you are looking for something specific, you might want to call ahead.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/26/2014,98,169,2,4,3>Always a great breakfast! Yesterday I had the Grilled Veggie Omelet with potatoes and whole wheat toast. Very good! My friend had pancakes and a side of potatoes and he was very satisfied with his meal also. The coffee is always good and I love that they have all different coffee mugs, I always get excited to see what I'm going to get! Very dorky, I know.  I was dying to try the Nutella stuffed French Toast but I think that will have to be saved for next time!  I always leave the nypd leaving very full and warm and fuzzy.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,1/25/2014,138,275,5,5,5>We only had coffee and dessert here, nothing else, but had a wonderful experience.My hubby-to-be and I needed to try this place since I love their sister restaurant, Treva, and I'm a little francophilic.  After having dinner out at Corbin's Corner, we drove a short distance to West Hartford Center as an excuse to have coffee. Originally, we were going to have just coffee until we saw the dessert menu.  *DROOL*  I've had my eye on the pistachio ice cream with roasted pistachio since I saw a photo on a'VERT's Facebook page.  I had to get it!  My honey had the vanilla bread pudding special; it was good, but not as delish as mine.  I ordered a macchiato and he ordered a cafe au lait.  Drinks and dessert came out quick and as waitress was very nice.I've never been to France, but I could imagine it would be very close to a restaurant in Paris.Verdict:  Good enough to come back and splurge on a meal.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,1/24/2014,88,512,8,11,7>When this place opened I was like "Hmmm, just what Torrington needs, another Italian place." The culinary landscape of Torrington primarily consists of about a dozen Italian places, Subway, oodles of Dunkin Donuts, crappy fast food, Applebees and 99. EFF THAT NOISE.After finally coming here - I'm aggravated that I wrote it off so quickly. (I'm pretty sure they share ownership with Salerno's which should speak volumes - in a good way!)Sure, the prices are more than you're going to pay at 99 down the street - but the portions are enormous and the food is delicious. I paid $18 for Veal Milanese and took more than half of it home. So essentially dinner cost me $9 for that meal. FINE BY ME. Even the fiance, who is a human garbage disposal took half of his veal parm home.I also love what they did with the place. Once upon a time it was a Friendly's with a weird kitchen running down the middle which made it super cramped. They ripped out the weird kitchen, put it in the back and the interior is opened right up. It's not "uninspired" as another reviewer said. (Heh, pet peeve of Yelp: uninspired is such an overused word. It's lost all meaning. Try again.)I felt like the service was a *little* slow, but it wasn't worth complaining about. The desserts looked great - they have examples out on a platter which they bring around to the table, but we were so stuffed that we didn't even entertain the idea.The pizza prices seemed a bit steep, but I'm sure based on the food we had they're worth every last penny!To think the original suggestion from the fiance was "Oh, let's go to Twinco." - Um, yeah...glad I suggested otherwise!Dear Torrington,We need more places like this. Not necessarily Italian. But non-chain, good food, that's a step up from crappy 99 and Applebees. Stop complaining when your entree is $15 instead of $8.99. Support local restaurants.Love,Foodies in Northwestern CT
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,1/23/2014,68,289,4,7,4>I come from a large Chinese family, so it's often less of a headache (both in terms of the time it takes to make ordering decisions and the actual cost of the meal) to go to a Chinese buffet than to go to a traditional sit-down Chinese restaurant.  That being said, this review is given in context of knowing what to expect from a Chinese buffet, having visited a large number of them over the past few years.This place nearly has it all:  A large selection of both Chinese and American dishes, a small selection of dim sum dishes, a sushi bar, a hibachi grill, and (on select days) Hong Kong-style lobster.  The food is good -- arguably the best Chinese buffet in the Hartford area.  The two things missing that I most wished was there:  More dim sum dishes and green tea ice cream.  But let's be honest: beggars can't be choosers..The staff is very accommodating, but perhaps a bit slow.  I was with a large party, and the dishes seemed to be stacking up very quickly before they were actually cleaned up.At $13.99 for the dinner buffet the price is HIGH (not inclusive of drinks -- only water and hot tea are free).  But I guess that is necessary to make up for the price of the lobster.  By the way, I should mention that I'm glad that there weren't hoards of people acting like vultures around the lobster dish when it's first put out.  I've been to plenty of lobster-serving buffets where that happens.Overall, not a bad place to try.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/22/2014,83,174,4,8,7>I love this place with all of my heart,Great beers on tap and the food is just art.Trendy vibes with excellent pizza,And mac 'n cheese that was tasty to eat(-sah)!I love that I can walk to this place from my apartment. It was the first place we ate when we moved to the Middletown and have gone back several times since. Their plain cheese pizza is a great price and it tastes fresh and delicious. They have a lot of specialty pizzas and dishes as well that are good (Arugula & Prosciutto: holla!)The service really cannot be beat. Sometimes the high school girls at the register don't know what they're doing (I was told they are new), but the management and waitstaff always makes sure that their customers are happy. I'll be a longstanding loyal customer, and will continue to bring my friends here. The only downside here is that they don't utilize the space very well, so there aren't a whole lot of tables and you may have a wait. Can't wait until it warms up so we could eat outside.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/21/2014,83,167,3,6,4>I think this is a pretty fun place to spend a Saturday afternoon.  The beer is great, and you get to drink quite a bit of it for a measly $5.  Bring some friends, hang out on the couch, chat up some strangers.  Even though you are allotted 10 3oz tastings, we discovered that a few friendly people were willing to give out their unused tickets.  We actually had to say "no thank you" to some of these offers after 2+ hours of drinking (and feeling the effect of 30+ ounces of beer).The ambience- it's a brewery.  It stinks, feels like a warehouse, no food or snacks- it's simply a brewery with lots of delicious beer and Hooker swag for sale.  The room in the back is much cozier to hang out in.  If you're really interested in the history of the brewery and the beer making process, do the tour.  Otherwise, I'd say you wouldn't be missing anything great if you decided to skip it.I was really surprised at how much I liked the Watermelon Ale!  I was super skeptical as I don't normally enjoy flavored beers, but this was freakin tasty.  I'm also a fan of the Nor'easter, IPL, and Brewtus Maximus.  They have so many different beers on tap that there's bound to be something for everybody.The only bummer is the lines.  It had gotten so crowded by late afternoon that we were going up for a beer and immediately getting back in line, because the wait was that long.   It won't prevent me from going back though!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,1/20/2014,976,1376,3,7,4>Jamie H got it right: "All you need to know is that if you leave the Apple Barrel without a cinnamon cider donut, you're doing it wrong."-1 star for the cluster**** that are the lines inside. The long lines are fine but given that this happens every week it would be helpful if staff helped organize the lines so people didn't cut or get confused. It was a maze in there (unlike the sunflower and corn maze). Other than the chaotic line this is a local treasure and I am grateful to the Lyman's for having such a beautiful place to go hang out and pick fruit and spend time with friends and family.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,1/19/2014,9,13,2,6,4>I am a breakfast fiend, so once my fiance and I found our new apartment I insisted we check out the local breakfast place. SO GLAD we did! As with every new breakfast place I try I went right for the Eggs Benedict, given the option of 1 or 2 eggs I went for it and got the latter. I also opted to replace the traditional English muffin with the marble rye freshly baked in house. The home fries were crispy yet fluffy, and perfectly seasoned. The marble rye was soft and delicious and held it's own under the pile of eggs, maple ham, and sauce. The hollandaise was simply the most velvety, perfect hollandaise I have ever had... and i have had A LOT of hollandaise (no fake stuff here! our server let me know it was freshly made that morning). My fiance's got a big breakfast with eggs, sausage, and house made cinnamon swirl bread and was extremely pleased with his perfectly cooked eggs and the amazing toast. The service was extremely friendly and attentive and we were sat promptly when we walked in. Despite it being a Sunday morning they seem to have a quick turnover rate and we didn't see too many people waiting although the restaurant was full the entire time we were there. Overall, I am looking forward to eating many, many more breakfasts here.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/18/2014,79,190,3,6,4>Back East is fantastic. All of their brews are extremely solid and they're in delightful CANS now! How awesome, right?! They also, obviously, do growler refills and you can come for a tour. The tour is fun. The tasting is even more fun. Great to have a place as good as this one in Bloomfield, it's nice and convenient because my grandparents live in Simsbury. A sure bet is the porter! Misty mountain IPA is also awesome!!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,1/17/2014,121,215,6,11,5>Oh my! This was my first A Dong experience and let me tell you.It was incredible!You know the place is authentic when  you're the only person in there that doesn't understand some sort of Asian dialect.  I was bombarded with so many new things! Thank god for my Smart Phone because I don't know what I'd do without it.  I looked up everything online just to find out what it was and its  uses.Killer find of the day?? FRESH Water Chestnuts! The little old ladies were clammering over these so I figured they must be something special and i scooped them up. DELISH!They have so many different types of fish/meat/baked goods...some people question the sanitary condition and freshness of such products within reviews but I didn't bat an eye.The fish didn't smell, it had clear eyes and look supple. I'd buy it next go around for sure.I also scored on some reasonably priced wild mushrooms which are one of my fave foods,...the oyster mushroom was GIGANTIC and ..*cough* a bit phallic...good thing I was alone or I may have had a laughing fit. haha.The only downside?There is SO SO SO much to explore and go through. So many items I know nothing about at all.  I need to do some thorough research next time I venture there.Whether you want baked goods (my man friend raved about the pork bun and the ham and scallion twist), fresh produce (invasive species such as wild spinach is readily available), condiments, rice cookers or anything inbetween...THIS IS YOUR PLACE! I'm in heavenSidenote:  If you love the Nori sheet snacks as much as I do...they sell them here in a ten pack for like $4.00. YEY!
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/16/2014,62,151,3,5,5>Any tea lover who hasn't visited this gem in the center of blueback square should drop what they're doing and go there immediately! Whether you just want to sample from some of their many tasting stations, buy loose tea, stock up on tea brewing equipment or accessories, or even just have them make you a delicious beverage, they have what you need! The variety is just outstanding. Each one has a small jar of loose leaves so that you can inhale the goodness of all different tea aromas. If you're not a tea aficionado, the super knowledgable staff will assist you and make wonderful recommendations. They are willing to let you sample most everything. I asked for a good, fruity iced tea that I could get "bubbles" in. They recommended the Starfruit green tea and it was so refreshing. Great with either the sour apple or strawberry bubbles. They also give you a stamp card so after 10 beverages you get one free. The store is small but relaxing and easy to navigate. They have tons of accessories such a mugs, tea sets, and all sorts of fancy tea makers. There is a $5 debit minimum, but that's not much of a bother....it's a little on the pricier side, but the tea is excellent. If getting a got or iced tea to go, bring your own mug and it's $1 cheaper!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,1/15/2014,52,107,4,5,3>When you want to sing karaoke but you don't want anyone you know to see or hear you - JP's.When you want to get completely drunk and belt out a tune by Elvis Presley - JP's. When you want to meet your boyfriend but don't want your husband to know - JP's. Just kidding on that last one! Well, I mean, I'm sure it happens - but not by me!Do you like volley ball? They have an outdoor sand pit to play in.They have really, really good fried food like onion rings, wings and boneless chicken.The drinks are affordable and the food is too. Pool tables. Darts. Pinball. What more could you want in the back woods of Thomaston?Plus, there's a bowling alley next door with glow in the dark night time fun.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,1/14/2014,151,129,3,6,4>From the moment I met Chris (the owner) and saw her floral arrangements, I knew she was the one to do the flowers for our wedding.Chris has an amazing personality, was always available for me, and gave me great suggestions based upon what I requested for my bouquets and centerpieces. She was open, honest and the flowers exceeded my expectations. I wanted some personal touches added to my bouquet and she was more than happy to offer some great ideas.  I especially liked how when I asked her about certain options, she was completely honest and didn't steer me to spend more money. In fact, one flower I liked, she said how it would cost me a lot more money and it wouldn't be all that noticeable. I feel like most business owners would steer you towards spending more money, but she definitely was not like that.On my wedding day, the bouquets arrived on time and were breathtaking!! Once I finally saw the centerpieces, I couldn't believe how beautiful they were! Everything from meeting with her to actually seeing the finished product was nothing short of fabulous. Highly recommend the Harwinton Florist!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,1/13/2014,20,36,2,6,3>I have been planning to visit this little cafe for a while after seeing the great reviews on yelp. We didn't make it there until this week as Canton is quite a bit of a drive from Hartford. I was looking forward to trying the expansive breakfast menu but much to our disappointment we had missed breakfast by minutes. The lunch menu was less appealing to me since I am not a huge sandwich fan. Nevertheless, we ordered the juice of the day which was a concoction of apple, orange, pineapple and carrot. They also have self serve coffee and tea with a large selection of tea. Since the juice was taking a while I helped myself to a raspberry tea which was delicious. The wait was well worth it when we were handed huge glass of juice decorated with huge slices of cantaloupe, honeydew melon, blueberries, orange, kiwi and strawberry. I was almost full just gorging on the delicious fresh fruits. It was not cheap at $7 but well worth it. i started with a cup of lobster bisque that was a huge disappointment. Despite the large chunk of lobster tail the bisque was just too thick and too salty for my taste. I also tasted little chunks of flour that had not dissolved into the broth. I would suggest skipping this.Then came by turkey and brie sandwich which was served with potato salad, cole slaw and pickle. The portion size was huge and the sandwich was filled with a large amount of turkey and a layer of sweet chutney. I was stuffed after a few bites. I was so impressed that I cannot wait to come back to try their breakfast and dinner. PS: I would suggest skipping if you are in a rush.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,1/12/2014,149,237,2,4,2>Best bakery in Town Plot located on a side street off of Highland Ave.First off, the people who work here are super friendly and nice.  This place makes really good Italian cookies and pastries.  I love everything I've had there from the ricotta cookies, sfogs, lemon cake, coconut cake, cupcakes, etc.   But what I love most is that their pastries lead with flavor instead of sweetness.They also offer a limited lunch menu consisting of sandwiches, pizzas, etc.If this place was located in another town/city/area, it would definitely be a hit.I only wish they were open later...their standard hours are 9-5/6.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,1/11/2014,77,139,3,8,5>I feel rather embarrassed that I never knew this amazing spot was In my town. I've just gotten my nails done next door and as I was walking to my car, this amazing wall of bbq smell of deliciousness stopped me in my tracks. A very satisfied group of men exited this place looking like they had the best lunch break of their lives. I got my husband to come join me for lunch immediately.  First impression walking in is the site of an open kitchen, a friendly girl greeting us. Above her a sign with limited but quality selection of bbq pork sandwiches and so on. A very clean cozy atmosphere with gingham style cover on the tables ( picnic style ), and a huge roll of paper towel giving you the idea that this will be yummy and messy. We have ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich which to our surprise was a very generous portion of chunky meat smothered in just the right amount of bbq sauce and a little side of fries. It was nothing short of amazing as you can tell by the 5 stars I've given. If you look at all my reviews.. you will see I don't give out many of those. Yes... that's how good it was. Can't wait to be back and try other things on the menu
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,1/10/2014,23,731,7,9,7>1.) Just to warm you up (Yeast is rising):I was wait listed for a Yelp event that was suppose to happen at this place. The positives were that it encouraged me to check the place out during the day. I can say that I was happy that I came here.2.) What your eyes may see:Kind of a small spot. Perhaps I am looking at it in terms of a Yelp event. I love the whole wooden and earthy tones this place has. Definitely makes me want to eat bread. I like the fact that they have a large list of breads from fresh to "Yesterday's" bread. Italian, French, Peasant, to Whole Grain, they seem to have almost all. I was hoping to see some Portuguese bread or from what another bakery called it "Cotton Bread." They have everything breakfasty - bread, pastries and coffee. The cheesecake was tempting, especially with the wonderful way they decorated it.3.) Da bread:I got the Ciabatta bread. Glad to know they slice your bread on the spot. What were my impressions?4.) Impressions:Thank you, Hartford Baking Company. The Ciabatta bread was a wonderful combination with a grilled chicken Parmesan over linguine and Spaghetti sauce I made from scratch at my house that afternoon. I posted a pic, with the bread on the side of a bowl of Olive Oil and seasoning for dipping. Thanks HBC for adding to a great homemade lunch! :)
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,1/9/2014,47,138,2,5,3>There are appetizers and then there are Joey Garlic's appetizers.  Great quality and huge portions.  Yes, you can make a meal out of these babies!The Mussels Nabladon is my absolute favorite.  Most would tout Joey's eggplant fries as king (and they are good) but I like this better.  The mussels dish is one of the best appetizers you can get anywhere. Simmered in a spicy, smoky, garlicky red sauce this appetizer doesn't get much better and one order is enough for a small dinner for two. And then, of course, there are the entrees.  Again, huge in size but they do not skimp on quality or size . My personal favorite is the pork cutlet parmigiana in either grinder (with provolone cheese and roasted peppers) or dinner (served with a side of pasta) form.  Joey's says on their menu that pork is more flavorful than veal, which I love, and they are correct.  This is a great dish but I like it better in its grinder incarnation.You also cannot go wrong with the meatball sliders, pork al capo or the seafood fra diavolo pizza which does include lobster.The wait times at either location can be long but you really can't go wrong with anything you get here.  The service is good, food is plentiful and made with high quality ingredients so you always end up winning when you visit.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,1/8/2014,140,96,3,7,4>I'm on the verge of giving Agave 5 stars. But I grew up in Texas so I'm biased.Usually I hate table-side guacamole. Such a gimmick. But Agave's guac is SUPER GOOD. and you can add corn and black bean salsa to it for a buck or two!Being a vegan I always get the veg chilli with no dairy. it is tasty! leave some guac for when this comes and eat them together. yes.Last time my boyfriend and i split some veg tacos and enchiladas. meh - the veggies were super overpowered. Maybe next time I'll get fajitas instead.Agave is lovely - just note that they are small so off-peak times (like Sunday) are best to grab a table (and a parking spot)
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,1/7/2014,19,55,3,5,4>We went here to celebrate a friend's birthday on a recent Tuesday night. We had our pick of tables, and the service was excellent. We all shared a couple of appetizers, including the Korean Calamari which was tender and crispy with a lightly spicy dipping sauce.For dinner, I had the pan-seared sea bass which was cooked to perfection and served with an interesting vegetable medley. Other members of the party had crispy chicken, short ribs, and various sushi rolls. Everyone was very happy with their meals.  The wine list was well rounded and contained a good selection of moderately priced but very drinkable wines. The one disappointment was the fried green tea ice cream that we ordered for dessert. This is a great place to go with a friend (or friends) to sample a few rolls and share a bottle of wine. I will definitely be back.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,1/6/2014,27,85,2,5,4>I can't believe I didn't try Randy's Wooster Street Pizza until almost two years after I moved to Manchester! Boy was I missing out...I came here on a late Friday night so I didn't experience any of the family aspect of the place that might drive me away from dining in. The atmosphere wasn't fancy but I wasn't expecting it to be. It could have been a little cleaner though. Our table has some crumbs leftover. They had some great seating for a larger group which I bet would be nice to bring a group of friends to. It was pretty quiet with maybe 3 other couples here. The service was excellent though a little bti rushed since we came late (walked out the door 2 minutes after the closing time, which is 10:30 pm according to the door, but 11 pm according to the website). As for the food, we got a salad which was plenty to share between two or three people. We also got a Wooster Street King pizza which was hot, amazing, delicious, and plentiful for two people (with extra for lunch). I don't know if it is "New Haven" style pizza but I really enjoyed the super thin crust and the slightly chewy texture. It didn't have any burnt crispies like Frank Pepes often has, which I prefer not to have, so I was a happy camper (we just took whatever the default doneness was). There wasn't a ton of tomato sauce on this pie because it was covered with toppings! However, the bites I had that had sauce were fresh and delicious. I can't wait to try a cheese pie.The pizza here is just as good as Frank Pepe's in Manchester in my opinion, and if you're a specialty pizza/toppings kind of person, they make it much more affordable to have toppings. I'm looking forward to trying more varieties from Randy's Wooster Street!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2013,1/5/2014,1,224,2,4,3>We were all very impressed with our lunch here. This is a very attractive restaurant..looks like it may have had a recent face lift. the food is very good. While there are lots of options here..thai,sushi and traditional Chinese....we opted for mostly traditional fare and we all walked away satisfied.  I had the roast pork egg foo yung..almost overpowered by a sauce but absolutely delicious. my wife had a thai item...peanut sauce chicken..and was very pleased. My daughter had chicken lo mein and my son had boneless spare ribs with chicken wings..high grades all around. all had the pork fried rice-yummy. two of us had egg drop soup..served very hot and quite tasty. strange that we weren't offered hot tea.....oh well. nice Asian music was piped in...very nice ambiance. You can linger here if you wish..no rush out the door. service very attentive. WAY above average for its cuisine type...can't say a bad word.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2013,1/4/2014,132,600,3,9,3>I didn't think the Hartford-area needed another Italian restaurant.  While that may be true, Sorella definitely makes the case that another Italian restaurant can be a good thing.Because after a recent visit, I'm ready to conclude it's good. Very good in fact.Service for a lunch was impeccable. Ordering was a snap, water carafes on the table (and refilled when empty), and prompt warm food.For lunch, it ain't cheap. But for a cold winter day, the risotto with chicken was the perfect comfort food. Even better, it was prepared al-dente meaning it wasn't overcooked.  Days later, I'm still thinking about the perfection of that dish.The fried brussel sprouts were also terrific with crispy outside and moist inside.  Delicious.So, why the lack of a 5th star? A few things. First, the price is high. Whether it can sustain that is a big question. And second, I've seen my initial impressions of its sister restaurants Dish and Dish n Dat, go down after several months after the chefs have moved on.  In Dish's case, it has come back from its valley and is now in my rotation downtown. But Dish n Dat has just turned into a slightly more upscale version of Friendly's.  Can Sorella avoid the curse that has plagued its other restaurants? I hope so and I'll be ready to award a fifth star if it can maintain the consistency its showing early on.  For now, it's definitely a place to try.  Yum.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,1/3/2014,19,26,2,4,3>This is my go-to place when I meet someone new, have dinner with a friend, or sit quietly at the bar and enjoy a Guinness by myself. The staff/bartender are attentive but not obnoxious and the food is can't-go-wrong irish pub style comfort food. Not to mention, the photos of pugs that line the establishment is a fun little touch. I am so happy I live a short drive down the road because I love being able to support this place as often as I do! Also, they have fried oreos on their menu...what's not to love?!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,1/2/2014,31,127,3,8,2>It's Christmas Night and H and I were too lazy to cook. I searched on Yelp for any open restaurant... lo and behold, a newly opened (12/20/13) local restaurant! The restaurant is not at all difficult to find. It's basically across the way from Chili's and in the same plaza as Subway. Parking was plentiful and packed- a great sign! We were promptly seated by the hostess and were in awe of the setting. It's beautifully decorated- there's so much to look at! H and I have been to our fair of Korean BBQ houses... and this might've been the prettiest to date. Our waitress was quick to take our order (BBQ- bulgogi and kalbi... Adventurous eh?! But it's the staples with which I determine a restaurant's yumminess) and our side dishes came out promptly. They were delicious in terms of ban chan (really, how hard?!) and were really flavorful. Waiting for our entrees, on the other hand, was a tad annoying since we waited a little over half an hour for raw meat (customer usually cooks it on the grill, refer to pictures). One of the staff members took the time to cook each set of raw meat- a nice surprise since I usually cook it for my H and I. The bulgogi was nicely seasoned- not too sweet and not too much sesame oil (which is how I like to make mine- much to H's digress). The kalbi on the other hand was perfect! Also, each of our waitresses were wicked nice!Also, H just had to order Philly and Cali rolls... They were standard fare, but great for the area. Too many local restaurants douse the rice with too much rice vinegar and overload the roll with rice. Yuck! Nothing extraordinary, but not horrible. Overall, well definitely come back. It's a tad expensive (prices are similar to Korea Town IMO) considering the area but the food was delicious and the waitstaff were wicked nice.(As I was looking around at all the beautiful things on the wall, a man spoke with me. He saw how cold I was and commented that it's the vent from the hood, that he was sorry! I thought he was an innocent customer who just pointed things out and thought nothing of it when he say at the next table. Also, our lid for the grill fell to the floor and he promptly picked it up! Should've been my cue that he's co-owner, part owner or the owner- but I was too busy enjoying my food and the atmosphere. Haha. Just a side note.)
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,1/1/2014,59,250,2,4,2>We've dined here for breakfast and lunch and were pleased with both meals.  I love the crepes at breakfast, although you can also get a simple bagel or baked good.  Lunch offers a great variety of wraps and sandwiches, as well as soups.As another reviewer pointed out, this place is committed to being green - recycling, composting, etc.  They also cater - including preparing crepes "live" for your gathering.  I haven't done this, but I can only imagine how great the experience must be!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,12/31/2013,20,67,2,4,2>I'm a fan of their egg salad, franks and beans, onion rings and rugelach.  While they have a large menu and numerous other choices, I find myself getting the same things whenever I come.  The restaurant is always busy and usually crowded.  Careful timing on the weekends are necessary to avoid the lunch crowds that pour in when they get out of the several area churches.  If you get in line to be seated, and you're still inside, you're doing good and will be seated in 20 minutes or less.  The line goes fast because there is a lot of seating in the place.I'm not sure I'd say they have any real decor to speak of, the most interesting room is the bar room in the back where they seat overflow during busy meal rushes, but the main dining room is fairly plain... just stacked with tons of small tables... there's usually some interesting people watching anyway.  The deli cases and candy counters are piled with treats whose temptations I can usually overcome by eating before browsing.As others have mentioned, service can sometimes be slow, but once you order the food is out to you in no time.  Also, I agree that the servers themselves are hit or miss, some are very friendly and outgoing, others make it seem like they're doing you a favor by waiting on you.  Overall, I'd give the food and huge selection of fare 4 stars, and the service and atmosphere 3 stars.  I'm rounding up today... so 4 stars it is!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,12/30/2013,86,169,,8,4>I've only recently encountered Peruvian food, so I was delighted to learn that this cuisine had come to Middletown. Sabroso's menu is brief, concentrating on a few distinctive Peruvian dishes, supplemented with a few that put those flavors into American sandwiches. On our visit, we favored the Peruvian specialties, and I must say we were favored with an excellent dinner.The papa rellena was truly delicious, and so was the pork-stuffed tamale. The steak empanadas were also very good, but next time I'm definitely going to try the pork, as it was so good in the tamale.Sabroso claims rotisserie chicken as their signature dish, and it's a worthy signature. It's moist and flavorful, and they offer 1/4, 1/2, and full chickens that can feed different sized groups. We had no difficulty finding an appropriate place for a half chicken in our bellies.I look forward to visiting on the weekend, when they have additional dishes available, including ceviche.They've inherited the interior from the site's former tenants, and I imagine that time will influence the decor. Our server was prompt, helpful, and enthusiastic, and the restaurant is bright and clean. And it helps that they stock my son's favorite variety of birch beer.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,12/29/2013,81,208,3,5,5>Cuvee always delivers. Great food (stuffed portobello burger was redunkulous, the lobster rolls was very fresh and the Salted Caramel Creme Puff with nutella was nirvana) and had a nice glass of Sangiovese. Excellent and extensive wine and champagne list as well as cocktails and beers. When they offer Au Fin du Monde by Unibroue, this place had me at "Quebecois beer". When your house wine is Cono Sur, you know that this place elevates their wine menu.It's a great place to go with a group. It is a little loud in there but that's the point. It's a big loungey open space where you can bring your crew. We saw two birthday parties, and we sang happy birthday to the lady at the next table over.Overall, just an fun, jovial, upbeat vibe.Jean-Paul our server was really good. Cuvee kept my water glass full and right there I think is the cherry on top of the service for me.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,12/28/2013,71,294,4,6,3>The best thing about this house and museum? You don't have to be a Twainiac (sorry) to appreciate it. Mark Twain's expertly restored 19th century home (one of the top ten restored homes in the world, according to National Geographic) is open for tours at $16 a pop (more if you'd like to tour the servants' quarters also), and our tour lasted about an hour. The tour and the home itself provided fantastic insight into the author's life and personality, and our guide did a great job of soliciting questions and making sure no one felt rushed.The adjacent museum is also worth checking out. It's small, but holds some neat artifacts.By chance, we visited the house in December, and were therefore able to see it decorated for Christmas, and we got to hear some interesting anecdotes about Christmases that were spent in the house. I'd recommend a visit, even if you're not a huge Mark Twain fan.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2013,12/27/2013,80,144,2,7,2>This one is yet another restaurant in the heart of west Hartford, I have been here a few times for dinner. Lovely ambience and friendly staff. Sometimes the waits are crazy, so if it's a special occasion it's better to reserve a table. Food and drink menus are great, vegetarian friendly.Amazing margaritas and wines.My favourite here is the freshly made guacamole. A waiter/waitress comes to the table with a cart and makes the guacamole as per your preference. The nacho chips too are served warm yet crunchy and a small portion of the regular salsa comes as a complimentary.Empanadas de Hongos are so yum, if you like mushrooms then you will enjoy this dish. It's a mushroom and goat cheese stuffing wrapped in a home made pastry sheet. The texture is crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside. This come with an accompaniment dip.When it comes to entrees I love their Chile Rellenos al Hongos, this one is a stuffed chile/peppers. It is not that hot trust me, to me it's a perfect combo. A chile stuffed with some cheese and then baked. This portion comes with a small amount of rice and beans.As a complimentary you get some Cheerios in a bag and some small dolls, so cute! Those dolls are meant to give you some good sleep when kept under your pillow! A decent place for any occasion / celebration.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,12/26/2013,154,200,,6,4>This is one of my favorite restaurants in the Hartford area.I am not a connoisseur of Indian food, so I cannot say whether or not it is authentic.  I only care if the food tastes good and is healthful.It's really good!  The menu is huge and and contains at least a dozen kinds of each of the following: appetisers, breads, lamb-based meals, chicken-based meals, seafood-based meals, and vegetarian meals.  Every dish is very customisable and they can adjust the spice level to match your preference.Anyone who insists that vegetarian food is boring and bland ought to try the vegetarian dishes here.  You'll be pleasantly surprised.I had their 9 vegetable, 9 spice meal.  (I forgot the Hindi term for it).  As you can imagine, it consists of a blend of 9 different sautéed vegetables mixed with a sauce containing 9 different spices.  They said they could make the food with varying levels of spiciness on a scale of 1 to 10 and I ordered it at a 5.  It was flavorful but at the limits of my spice tolerance (any more would have been too spicy and inedible for me) and I was able to eat it as long as I ate very very slowly.The service was very attentive, and the waiters came over 4 times over the course of my dinner to replenish my water glass.  The restaurant is very affordable.  All but a few entrées run between $8-11 and a party of two should be able to have a filling meal for less than $35.  The serving sizes are quite large and should be more than enough for any adult (again, might I suggest Jenny Craig if you feel hungry after leaving?)  They don't nickel-and-dime you on drinks and give you unlimited nonalcoholic beverages.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2013,12/25/2013,95,659,2,11,5>Stopped here after we were in the area at Avery's and noticed that they were on restaurant.com.  I had always wanted to try Baltic since they were in the little strip mall joint on Farmington Ave in Berlin.The restaurant is gorgeous on the inside, and very clean & new looking, however it's very drafty, it was cold when we visited.The food was delicious, we all had the Sampler Platter ($18).  The potato pancakes were light and fluffy and served with sour cream & applesauce.  The kielbasa is made in-house and it tasty and not ground too fine.  The 3 different peirogies were tasty, and the sauerkraut accompanied them perfectly.  The golbaki could have used a bit more salt, but it was very good.  We also ordered a farmers cheese blintz for dessert which was delicious.  After coupon, tax, and a generous tip (25% because it is the holiday season and service was near perfect), it came to $50 for the 4 of us.  One of the best places around to get polish food, I will be back.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,12/24/2013,0,6,2,3,2>The Buon Appetito food truck is the unsung hero of the tiny Hartford food truck scene. For $6.50 you get a big helping of pasta, a salad or sandwich. Eggplant marscapone is good; this spring's special involving penne, shrimp, sausage and spicy is also; and the penne a la vodka is good. They really like penne, but I don't find that to be objectionable. I haven't tried the sandwiches or salads, because I have a tendency to get stuck in my ways and only order pasta.Also, they're efficient, which is a positive quality in food trucks.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,12/23/2013,250,122,2,8,5>When you think of Bolton, not much comes to mind besides Bolton Ice Palace. So imagine my surprise and excitement when I learned of Thai around this way!Over the last week, I have gotten a chance to sample several of their dishes. Aside from the steady flow of take-out during the dinner wave, it's been mostly empty when I'm here. And although their website says they are open for take-out only, they certainly do dine-in. Inside is neat and quaint with plenty of tables. Lunchtime here always puts me in pleasant mood what with all the natural light from the windows.What you'll be truly beaming about is their authentic Thai. From the Pad Thai, to the drunken noodles, tom yom soup, or satay - I have not been disappointed. Choosing between chicken or the tofu/vegetable option is never an issue because the meat/noodle ratio has been well balanced. Of what I've had, the dishes are full of flavor and plentiful. They offer 4 levels of spicy/hotness, and even though I'm never fazed by their hot or Thai Hot choices they always remember to include an extra assortment of peppers which, is diabolically awesome. Even better? The portions are decent. And as someone who has terrible portion control, I will admit that you could easily have seconds for tomorrow.Service is super fast, and the ladies here are always very polite. I'm surprised they don't have more dine-in guests. I sincerely hope that changes because if you don't feel like crossing the river for some really good local Thai - this is it. Can't wait to come back and try their curries!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,12/22/2013,61,81,8,8,6>I want this to be my secret place so I sort of half hope that nobody reads my review.Vivo is great. Its intimate, swanky yet relaxing ambiance makes you think you're in a resort town on the off-season because it's summer and the ski-mountain is closed, or it's winter and no one is at the beach and they are just SO happy you're there... Except it's in downtown and you're not the only person there. Style and class. Vivo has it down! Sadly, some of the trendier places in the Hartford area are all style and no class. Vivo is upscale and well-done but I never felt for a second that as a younger patron I was getting the "can YOU actually pay for an entre without a Groupon?" once-over or the invisible eye-roll from the server who will do a "good enough" job  but already pegged you as someone who won't order enough from them to earn a decent tip or will ask for substitutions like it's Ruby Tuesday.  Restaurants that have style and no class: Cuvee and Rooftop 120. They're like restaurant equivalent of the neavoue riche divorcee who has the best haircut and nicest car but belches loudly in the country club dinning room. Syle, no class. I 'm digressing too much. Anyhoo. I had a lovely dinner as did my dining companions our server was John. He was excellent.  I really want to go back for brunch. This will be updated!!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,12/21/2013,14,106,2,4,2>I recently moved to a new house in Manchester and since I had no food in the house I had to try out the local pizza delivery places.  I started with Mulberry St since it had decent reviews and a clever movie themed menu.  Now that its been a few weeks since I moved in, I still don't have any food in the house and I still keep finding myself going back to Mulberry St.  I have yet to try another pizza delivery place because Mulberry St pizza is SO GOOD.I have to admit, I was put off by the prices at first but now i understand it's worth it.  First off, it's some of the best pizza delivery I've ever had.  Second, their pizzas are huge.  One medium was enough to feed myself and two friends and still have some leftovers.Now that I'm hooked I'll probably end up working my way through their menu before trying any of the other pizza joints, but so far I've yet to be disappointed by Mulberry St.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/20/2013,88,253,2,3,2>One of my cats came from the Connecticut Humane Society and though she's a little bit special, we love her dearly. The organization does important work as a low kill shelter. So many rescued and homeless animals would never have a chance without this facility. The Fox Memorial Clinic housed in the property also provides low cost vaccines and veterinary services for both dogs and cats. There is also a pet food pantry so that people don't have to give their pets away when they fall on hard times. They do important work bringing awareness to the need for pet adoption. I am an animal lover and I am fortunate to have a connection to the Connecticut Humane Society.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,12/19/2013,119,143,8,9,5>On bended knee I ask thee, Republic, will you marry me?  I went here for the first time on a Thursday night.  I booked a reservation for 4 (via Yelp, how convenient!) at 6pm and thank goodness I did.  The. Place. Was. JAMMING.  I'm going to make this short and sweet because I'm certain I'll be updating this review at least a few times when I get the chance to try more things on the menu.Here's my story (and I'm sticking with it):  The decor is really nice, our waitress was adorable, sassy, attentive and enthusiastic about our sort of lame order.  We started out with the calamari app and it was excellent.  The presentation was cute too, with the tender rings (and peppers) pouring out of a Chinese-food-style takeout container.  My three dining companions all ordered the patty melt and loved it.  I chose another path, the truffle mac and cheese and good lordy lou, this was EXCELLENT!  The portion was a little too large for me (and if you don't know me, know that my mom would say I'm a "good eater").  The combo of cheeses, the creamy and stringy, the breadcrumbs and hearty pasta choice...and the truffles.  I was in nirvana.  You KNOW I got a doggy bag and brought the "stuff" home too.That's it.  That's what we ordered along with a couple of beers (not a huge draft selection which kind of bummed me out a bit).  No dessert for us, we had no room.I'll be back....fo' sho'.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2013,12/17/2013,115,309,1,15,2>This place is located on Park Road opposite Degra's Hair Salon.  The shop has been under construction for over 6 months. I was wondering why it was taking so long. There was brown paper over the windows, and it created quite a bit of mystery. I finally went in to visit them after they have been open about a week. As we entered we received a warm greeting.  That was nice!They have done a very nice job fixing up the space, this small restaurant is complete with a very nice new restroom. The restaurant itself is fitted with some granite top tables and comfortable seating. We ordered the specials that were recommended by our waitress.  We were quite pleased with our meals.  I'm not exactly sure what the meal I had was called , (Bun bo hue?) I would describe it as beef soup with bone in beef brisket in a spicy broth, it was delicious.  Not what I typically think of as Pho.As we were finishing the owner came out to visit with us briefly and she described what she has been working on over the past 6 months. I'm certain that she is going to do very well because she's paying attention to the details. The food is delicious. Definitely worth a try.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,12/16/2013,397,324,3,4,3>Stg Pepperoni and I are new best friends! I've been on this new diet, it's the pizza every other day diet. The goal of my diet to gain enough weight each week. I wasn't able to achieve my goal eating other foods. Having gourmet pizza daily meant taking in way too much sodium. My solution was to go on the every other day cheese pizza diet. I've searched high and low for a cheap pizza place. I finally found it when I got the Stg Pepperoni flyer!!They have amazing deals on cheese pizza from Mon - Wed! Let me tell you I'm going to get a fresh pizza every single day for the first three weekdays of each week. The reminder of the week I'll add in some veggies.  I'm beyond excited!! $3.95 for a small cheese pizza!! That's $3.95 for 8 slices of goodness!!  That comes out to $0.50 yes 50 pennies per slice!! Is this the world's greatest pizza? Nope but it beats the slices sold in the cafeteria at work. It's super greasy and it gets an ok from me. Service is amazing. The staff is super friendly. I just close my eyes and pretend I can't see the stains on the counters. I've convinced myself that it's flu season I have to build up my immune system.  Overall amazing find. In this economy I'll be saving tons of cash if I have their cheese pizza every Tuesday! If you must order on other days they always have free fried dough or bread sticks with a whole pizza order.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,12/15/2013,116,265,4,8,4>This is my second experience with Chef Leo Bushey's cuisine. I was fortunate enough to attend a Yelp event here and was dazzled at that time by the selections afforded to us. This time around I was not disappointed by any means and I think I was even more impressed!I took my mom here for dinner and between the two of us, we started with the roasted butternut squash bisque, and crescent farms duck three ways. Let me say this... I have not tasted a soup that has more depth or richness than this bisque. It had magnificent texture and was full of flavor. The duck three ways was a real treat! The presentation was in a small cast iron pan and the rich and flavorful plum demi glace was there to heighten the taste of each bite!For the entrees, my mom had the pan roasted North Stonington day boat scallops, and I selected the short rib and ricotta hand filled tortellini. Now, you should know that my mom's favorite seafood dish to order is scallops. These were vying for the best that she has ever had. I got to taste one and I can say that I completely concur with her analysis. As for the tortellini... What madness is this!?? stuffing a delightful pasta package with tender and flavorful short rib and ricotta!!?? Brilliant. Brilliant in presentation, brilliant in flavor, brilliant in texture.Dessert. My mom ordered the chocolate cake which was incredibly rich and smooth. It was a sensory overload with chocolate intensity rivaling that of falling into the chocolate lake in Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory. With that being said, I do feel as though my selection of the apple cider donuts was a top choice. The donuts have ruined me!!! The freshness was second to none and if you tried to place a fork under one and lift, the confection simply began crumble since it was soft and airy.I can keep trying to convey to you the awesomeness that is The Willows but I'd be doing you a disservice by not ending this review now so that you can go and experience this delightful restaurant!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/14/2013,22,76,2,4,2>After reading some great reviews, I figured it'd be worth it to stop in here and see what the buzz was about. My girlfriend had been here once a few years ago, and had nothing but good things to say about it as well.The moment I walked through the door, I knew that this was going to be a positive experience. There's just something comforting about being greeted by an employee that's happy to be working there. We had come from getting a beer and an app at a different restaurant with a less-happy crew, so the difference was well-welcomed!We took a few minutes to look over the menu, but already had an idea what we wanted. I ended up ordering the 7 Burger with a side of sweet potato fries.After what seemed like an appropriate amount of time, the food had arrived... and it looked exactly as delicious I had imagined! The fries were perfect and the burger delivered on every level!! The bartender checked up on us and I believe the smile on my face took the place of any words that I would've said if I wasn't in food heaven!All-in-all, It was love at first bite! I definitely plan to return and try some other items on the menu.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,12/13/2013,79,188,2,3,4>Hartford Prints! has moved to Pratt Street; the move is said to be temporary, but it would be great for them to keep the storefront in the long run. They've turned a vacant space into a gorgeous shop. If you are looking for a way to show your city (or state) pride, stop in here. They have t-shirts, bags, mugs, and even onesies printed with slogans like "ConnectiCutie" and "Small State Big Heart." The greeting cards have more personality than what you'll find at CVS. They are also selling jewelry and furniture. They do personalized stationary, like wedding invitations and business cards. I have not gone to them for either of those things yet, but if the need for either arises, they will be the first place I stop. Another perk is that the ladies who run this are some of the goddamn nicest people you will meet.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,12/12/2013,222,115,2,6,4>I have to say that take away Indian food is a great invention.  Who would've thought you could walk in, order your food, and leave instead of having to be seated at a restaurant.   Location - located in Rocky Hill at the intersection before you reach Westside Supermarket.  It's in the strip mall with Pucket Cafe.  If you turn into the side street off the main road be sure to go around, pass all the stores as Mumbai Spice is located on the opposite end from Pucket cafe.  It's a bit difficult to see the signs at night.  No need to worry about parking as there's plenty.Aesthetics - very new and clean.  Lighting is good.  There's tables and chairs if you're dining in but it's not suited for large crowds/gatherings.Menu - you can find the menu online and you can also order online before going to pick it up.  You can call ahead too and order.  There's also plenty menus in store as well.Service - staff greeted us and was super friendly in answering any questions we had.Food - I had the goat curry which came with basmati rice and ordered the mango yogurt drink.  When ordering, staff will ask you how spicy you'd like the food - mild, medium or spicy.  Basmati rice was moist and nice - not too dry or sticky and not too greasy as well.  In fact, the rice was so light that I felt that I could keep eating more and more which I did.  The goat curry was awesome however I thought there could be more goat in the meal. (-1)  I had them prepare the meal as spicy which wasn't too overbearing hot but manageable enough.  Thankfully, I ordered the mango yogurt which was able to help put out some of the flames from the spice.  The drink was creamy and rich enough to taste the mango and didn't taste like a milkshake - heavy and fatty.Rating - 4/5.  Definitely my new go-to place for Indian food!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,12/10/2013,803,1274,22,24,22>Ladies and Gentlemen, your attention please.Better sit down, and take a deep breath.Remove any breakables from the room.Now brace yourselfSweet mother of God.. the Grass Roots Creamery sells not one, not two, but three different versions of bacon ice cream. Not all at the same time mind you (how much of a glutton do you think you are?) but usually one kind per day. Today I had a cup with a half scoop of Sweet Bacon and another half scoop of Banana Walnut Chip. They were both beyond terrific.I chatted with the friendly young guy behind the counter about the bacon ice cream, he said it is beyond doubt their most popular choice, doesn't matter which of the 3 they have in the freezer cases, if it says "bacon" it sells out. My Sweet Bacon was candied glazed chunks of real bacon in a vanilla ice cream. Have you ever had those candied glazed walnuts? The coating on the bacon tasted like that. Believe me it worked very well.Our ice cream scooper said the popular flavors after the bacon varieties were Banana Walnut Chip (which I ordered before I knew it was so popular), Double Oreo, and Salted Caramel. The Banana Walnut Chip was excellent in its own right- deep banana flavor with walnuts and chocolate chips.This place rocks!!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,12/9/2013,312,447,5,10,8>Barcelona is one of the sexiest restaurants in West Hartford.  It's the perfect place to bring a date or lover or dine with friends.  There's something very intimate about sharing a bunch of small plates.  It is the perfect opportunity to try a variety of different dishes.Friday was the first time I'd been back since they renovated.  I loved the decor and ambience before but it did seem like more space was needed.  Now it's even better than ever.  We arrived sometime between 6 and 7pm and got a table in the outdoor dining area.  One of our two waiters brought over a menu and it did not take me long to select the Aviator (Ransom Old Tom Gin, Liqueur de Violettes, Luxardo Maraschino, Lemon Juice)  as my beverage of choice.Shortly after we placed our order we were brought a complimentary watermelon, cucumber, and feta salad from the kitchen.  It was light, summery, and refreshing.  The official start of summer isn't for about another week but summer started for me that night in my mouth with the first bite of that salad.  We also shared the spicy eggplant caponata, the kale salad with toasted hazelnuts, grilled hanger steak with black truffle vinaigrette, pork belly a la plancha with mustard, and 12-hour braised short ribs.  For dessert - churros with a chocolate sauce for dipping.  Everything was terrific   My favorites of the night were the multidimensional flavors of the caponata, the tender and flavorful short rib, and the crispy and soft churros, but honestly, I loved it all.  My dining companion commented that the kale salad tasted "healthy, in a good way" - the acidity of the balsamic drizzle was nice against the butteriness of toasted hazelnuts.  The pork belly would have been too dry without the wet of the mustard, but together it was good.  The hanger steak was  an ideal medium rare and the black truffle vinaigrette had a smokey complexity that added depth to the dish.  We also enjoyed using the warm, crusty, delicious bread as a vehicle to sop up the sauce from the eggplant caponata.We had a great time here and I look forward to coming back.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,12/8/2013,11,180,3,4,4>We have been coming here for years-just getting around to reviewing it now. My husband and I have mugs here which gives us great deals. We like to sit in the bar area, but the rest of the restaurant is very interesting with all the various levels. All the beer is consistently good. Some of our favorite food is Mac and Cheese, Pizza, Burgers, Chicken Philly, Asian wings, Calamari- I could go on! We sometimes go early and get bar bites. Last night, we went to the Brew HaHa after dinner for a great comedy show. This is our favorite restaurant in Hartford.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,12/7/2013,108,203,3,10,5>Ohh my goodness, how adorable are these teeny donuts? Artfully crafted, delicious and smaller than the palm of your hand, it is no small feat that I didn't eat the whole box by myself. A bit out of the way for me unfortunately but well worth the trip! I don't even know what kinds they were (no signs) so a random selection worked for me. i'm not sure how many varieties they offer, but by 945am on a Tuesday morning, there was still a decent enough choice. The price is on point and won't break the bank, at $5 and change for a dozen. Thanks fellow Yelpers for yet another awesome suggestion!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,12/6/2013,3,20,2,4,4>Authentic Mexican food is hard to find in Connecticut, and since we were going to be in the Hartford area, I decided to use Yelp to help us find an option.  Based on the reviews, we decided to give Monte Alban a try.  I am so glad we did.  It was just what I hoped for.  Family owned & operated, brightly-colored walls, clean, excellent service and the food was remarkably close to the authentic Mexican food I grew accustomed (and in love with) when I lived in Colorado. As mentioned in another review, the drinks can be expensive, but a plate FULL of food will only set you back between $10-$15, so I consider that a win.   I had a chicken burrito and my husband the fish tacos, both came with generous portions of awesome beans & rice.  We both loved our choices.  We shared a delicious homemade & authentic flan for dessert, as recommended.  We LOVED the chips & salsa.  Our bill was $32.  Go out and get a great meal, including 2 drinks, for that amount - I dare you.This is authentic Mexican.  Don't go expecting Tex-Mex or the crap you get at Chili's.  I wish we lived closer and could come back more often!
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,12/5/2013,258,368,3,6,3>Yep, I'm still a huge fan. We had dinner there this past Wednesday night with you guessed it, a groupon! ah hah!I had the lightly dressed avocado and fresh crab meat salad to start.  Then followed up by main entree of the pond house burger.  I opted for mashed potatoes instead of the fries.  I did have a bite of my friend's duck quesadilla which I might add was delicious.  His Asian salad was out of control in size, so he got his week's worth of greens. I then shared a mascarpone cheese cake drizzled with figs.  It was good!  Again, the overall experience like always is one of the best.  The service is always on point and the atmosphere is comfortable.  I like, I enjoy and I love. Pros: -Fresh food with an artistic flair in presentation. -Good service. -Plenty of parking. -Comfortable atmosphere for a date, gathering of friends and just about anything. -Moderate to high priced food.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,12/4/2013,63,76,2,4,3>Still daydreaming about my meal here. Really loved the atmosphere - quiet, small, all these little cluttered personal touches in the décor. Beautiful, low lighting. A romantic and intimate feel to the whole place.Just a very sweet dining experience and honestly, a 4-course gourmet meal for $52.50 - you cannot beat the price. The food was outstanding and again, prepared perfectly and presented pristinely (say that 10 times fast!). I started with the shrimp soba noodles with cucumber - delicious and very clean, although there were quite a few flavor elements - a good hit of spice, too. The salad is pre-fixe and was simply dressed, but very tasty. My main course was lamb chops with scalloped parsnips. Amazing and rich, without being overly rich. And for dessert, I had the vanilla crème brulee - again, expertly prepared and presented. The apple tart that one of my dining companions had was GORGEOUS - the apples sliced so thinly and layered beautifully over the pastry and tasted delicious - the caramel it was drizzled with had that wonderful "burnt" quality that all good caramel should have. The only slight "misstep" was the flourless chocolate cake, which was bit too cake-y for my taste. It was delicious, but I prefer a denser/creamier texture in flourless cakes.As much as this is "fine dining", it doesn't feel pretentious. It doesn't feel like you are paying for marketing or trendiness (which is how I sometimes feel when I am at say, one of the Max restaurants). You are paying for quality and a very fine chef who cares about the food he is preparing. And ultimately, that's what it is about.Now, please move Branford closer to where I live and I will book a standing monthly reservation!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,12/3/2013,112,156,,11,4>I went into this place on a Friday at dinner time.  It was completely empty, the AC wasn't on, no music was playing...it was kind of sad and I almost said "let's leave" because it was so hot in there.  However, right after we were seated, the music started, mood lighting went on, and I heard the AC kick on.  It makes me sad when you go into a good restaurant and see how much they are struggling to keep the lights on.I've seen many restaurants go in and out of this location over the past few years and this one is by far the best.  The renovations that were done when Miku moved in made it look like a completely different restaurant.  No more dumpy Chinese buffet with ripped turquoise booths!  A huge, beautifully stylish sushi bar.  And staff who are very eager to please.The drink list is lacking (yes, they have a liquor license now), but what they lack in drinks they make up in delicious offerings.  The sushi was fresh and unique.  We ordered edamame, miso soup, saki, a few specialty rolls and several pieces of sashimi.  It was so melt in your mouth good that we almost asked to see the menu again so we could order more!  But rather than being piggish Americans, we decided that instead we would write good Yelp reviews, visit often, and hope that people start trying this place so we don't lose a delicious sushi option in Manchester.  Yes, there are other sushi places just down the street, but in my opinion (even though I do like that place as well), this one blows them out of the water.  Give them a try!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,12/2/2013,88,118,4,5,5>This charming little deli was a total hit. We pretty much Tokyo drifted in on our way to The Cove, as we were about to embark on a river boating adventure on empty stomachs. It saved us from tossing each other overboard in hanger.The two sweet girls working were wonderful. We ordered two sandwiches, left, and returned for two more within one minute of exiting, as we thought we might get left on shore without sandwiches for everyone. Both girls were very accommodating and make great recommendations for us. I had The Grandmother, minus the prosciutto and mayo, which made it a less glorified tomato, basil, mozzarella sandwich. It was excellent. Fresh bread, lots of goodness on the inside, and just what I wanted. The boys got some turkey this-and-thats, and they said they were fantastic. Sandwiches come with two sides and pickle. They offer chips, a brownie, cucumber salad, cole slaw, fruit cup, pasta salad, and potato salad for sides. I was a little disappointed that the cucumber salad was a mayo base, but that's just personal preference. I also chose the brownie, which was gooey and delicious.This the part where I tell you how sad a soggy pickle can make me. VERY sad. The pickles were somehow waterlogged and limp spears, that were virtually flavorless. I make my own pickles, so I was extremely disappointed, as it is not difficult to make a yummy pickle. On the same pickle line of thought, I did notice that they use jarred store-bought sandwich slice pickles on the sandwiches. No big deal, just thought you should know. Overall, this is a fantastic little deli. Sandwiches will run you about $10, so know that in advance. In my opinion, it is a fair price for the quality and amount of food they give you. Definitely check out this Old Wethersfield star.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,12/1/2013,27,103,2,6,3>I can't believe that it took me so long to eat in such a fantastic restaurant.  Treva is worth a trip for a splurge, special occasion, or simply the desire to sit around and pretend you're in Italy.  On the tenets of service, flavor, atmosphere, and value, Treva gets it right.  They are a very good balance of an upscale restaurant that you can feel upscale in no matter what.  What i mean by that is this: there are many upscale restaurants in the area but they still offer you the ability for burgers and sandwiches.  Treva knows what it's doing and they know the atmosphere they want to have.  We started with the calamari which came out very fast - even before the wine.  It was tender, lightly breaded, and delicious.  The marinara sauce is slightly bland and takes away from the calamari itelsf - so save yourself the calories.  We ordered mahi-mahi and the seafood pasta special as entree.  Portions were big which is the only American influence here.  Both dishes were fantastic and I'm inclined to believe that they are also making their own pasta because the papperdelle was wavy versus flat.  Shrimp and scallops were premium size.  The mahi-mahi comes with a side of sweet potato and guanciale which is pork cheek but is very similar to pork belly - which I initially thought it was.  So let's review: this dish includes a fantastic piece of fish and salty goodness pork product - score.  With no room left for dessert we walked home happy.  Get there soon - and sit on that adorable back patio.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,11/30/2013,48,117,3,5,5>I came with my wife last Saturday, not knowing what to really expect.. It is not a big place. Maybe has seating for 25 or so, and some outdoor seating, which due to the november chill, we couldn't take advantage of.The best part of the experience, other than the obviously fresh and quality ingredients, was perusing the menu boards. So many combinations! It's a pity they don't have a "Sliders Sampler" where you can pick a few different choices at one sitting. I had the "Hot Nerd," and wife had th Honey BBQ Bacon burger. Both were very good double-patty creations. Mine had hot sauce, pepperjack cheese, jalapenos, buffalo sauce, and potato chips! My ailure here was ordering a burger that had so many flavors going on, the flavor of the actual burger was masked. next time I'll go fo a somewhat more classic choice.We also got a half-order waffle fries, which was just about enough for two. We could've shared a regular order, but then we'd be stuffed for the drive home.Final thought: Yes, Goldburgers has very good burgers, a fun menu, and enthusiastic staff. I felt like family already. Any time I'm in the area with a yen for a Good Buger, it's Gold Burgers.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/29/2013,402,2019,,4,3>Been here once, and I am sure I will be back many times. Firefly Hollow Brewery is a new small brewery in Bristol, located in a industrial-warehouse type space not far from Barelyvine "gastropub" in what I think is the downtown area. The GPS got us here without a hitch, once we found the big building there were signs pointing us toward the parking lot. On an early Sunday afternoon there were a few people at the bar sampling the Firefly brews and picking up growlers. All the beers we tried that day were exceptional and we enjoyed the ones that were not styles we usually go for. At peak times there will be food trucks here, so it is worth checking their website and keeping up to date to catch some funky food trucks and get some nice local beers. The Firefly Hollow space is very nice, with a comfortable practical semi-rustic vibe. Brick, iron, exposed wood. Hand made pottery mugs line the wall behind the burly looking taps that serve the beer. The tap room is nice and the brewery is well laid out and setup with some beautiful stainless vessels.We started with the Ramshackle Golden Mild - their site describes it well as "Brewed with English Pale malt, Biscuit, Amber, and light crystal malts for a rich bready, toasty malt impression with a touch of toffee and a hint of black pepper spice." and I could not to a better job at summing up this enjoyable brew. After that we moved on to the Toadstool Oat Stout - this was served both on nitro and on carbon dioxide, which was nice to try the same beer served two different ones and appreciate how just the gas that carbonates it and moves it through the lines to the tap can effect the taste and feel of this Stout that they describe as  "Roasted barley and debittered black malts combine for a smooth roasty & coffee like profile. Flaked oats and barley contribute an absurdly rich and creamy texture."  From there we moved on to their IPA offering .. the Lucifern Extra IPA that they say is "Loaded with flavors of bitter, pithy grapefruit, tangerine, nectarine, lime zest, and tropical fruits. This IPA also uses flaked oats to give the malt profile structure and balance without sweetness." I feel all that, but have to say it was a great IPA even for a non-ipa drinker (me), not too upfront with the bitterness or piney hoppyness, and didnt wreck my palate for the day. Went home with a growler of Ramshackle, will definitely be back for more.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,11/28/2013,48,120,6,5,4>I have a passion for restaurants that take a lifestyle or "fad", and raise that gastro-preference to a new height.  I am always looking out for the newest, best, "unique" dining experience, and I can say, without question, that It's Only Natural (ION) is the best vegan restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of eating at.Recently moved to a new, main street location, ION's decor is a mixture between "urban rave" and "natural woodland".  Exposed pipes and rocket-ship shaped mirrors are married seamlessly with table tops made from tree stumps and coat hooks of tall, thick branches.  A large, vibrant, neon carrot- the official ION mascot, glows proudly from behind the bar.  Charming.  Everything.The real charm though, is the absolutely delicious, completely inventive cuisine.  Each item is 100% vegan and organic- but don't think that means you'll be eating a pile of lettuce!  Soups, salads, appetizers, entrees, and desserts are prepared with the ultimate finesse.  I have sampled a wide range of menu items from breakfast (light, fluffly pancakes, tofu scramble breakfast burritos, tempe bacon!) to dinner (the southern plate boasts the most delicious country fried tofu I have ever had, complete with a spicy Cesar dipping sauce that is so good, you'll want to take shots of it!)Coffee, smoothies, fresh brewed teas, and fresh squeezed juices add more choices to the menu- and the baked goods cannot be matched!  Cupcakes, pastries, and iced "tofu" creams are all so rich and sumptuous, you will SWEAR they are loaded with cream and butter.  If you have a chance to sample to corn bread- I BEG you to not pass it up- it is the softest, most tender, most flavorful cornbread I have ever eaten.  I would go there every day just to eat the cornbread alone.The staff throughout the restaurant- from waitress to table busser to chef, go out of their way to make a personal connection with the customer- chatting and laughing like they are old friends- it adds another layer of richness to the dining experience that I truly enjoyed.ION is worth the trip to Middletown regardless of if you are a vegan, a unique cuisine enthusiast, or just a person looking for some delicious and extremely freshly prepared lunch.  This food is good enough for even the heartiest meat-eater to enjoy- and come away from the table with a new appreciation for how delicious vegan food can be!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,11/27/2013,69,97,,8,2>Wow, is this stuff good.Bear's is located over in the same building as Bart's, a popular hamburger/hot dog place in Windsor.  More specifically, it is located inside next to the counter for the Beanery Bistro.   I live in Windsor, so I've had a chance to try Bear's twice in the relatively short time period in which it has been open.The first thing you notice when you walk in is that the staff is nice.  They're not just friendly, but helpful and willing to answer questions.  It's hard to pick the best thing on the menu, as everything is delicious and well-prepared.  The moink balls (meatballs wrapped in bacon) are a nice surprise, with the fatty bacon playing well off the dense meatballs.  The brisket is tender and smoky, with a nice layer of fat.  The burnt ends were very flavorful, but with just enough tenderness.  As far as the sides, the baked beans are outstanding.  They have meat mixed in with them, which adds an extra smoky element and makes them unique (in comparison to other places).  The mac and cheese is mild and plays well with the barbecue options.  I'm not a huge fan of cornbread, but the version here is just plain awesome.On top of all that, Bear's offers three different types of barbecue sauces.  I'm a huge fan of Sriracha (I put it on everything), so I was intrigued to find out that Bear's had a Sriracha barbecue sauce.  It has all the best qualities of the sauce without overpowering the barbecue element.When I drive by the location it looks like it already has a following.  It's great to see nice people have such a great eatery, and to see that they're doing so well so quickly.  I'm a fan.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,11/26/2013,173,343,2,8,2>Came here as the first stop in Part 1 of my hubby's and mine attempt to complete the Connecticut Wine Trail in 2013.  We started here because we heard that the grounds of Gouveia were gorgeous and a great place to have a picnic lunch.  We had also heard that the vineyard gets busy during the weekends in the summer so we arrived when the tasting room opened in hopes of having a relaxing tasting.The building where the tasting room was located was nice.  Plenty of seating to enjoy a glass of wine when the weather turns colder and large expansive windows that gave a great view of the grounds.  The tasting was nice and we were able to try four wines the majority of which were blends.    We purchased a bottle and enjoyed our picnic lunch and before we left had the opportunity to go on a tour of their cellar given by one of the owners.  If you have the opportunity for the tour - do it!  He gives a nice history of the vineyard and their bottling process (which I think was one of the highlight's of my husband's day).   We found out that the vineyard has been opened since 1999 and is modeled after Portugal wineries he grew up with.  Prior to opening the Gouveia he had a shoe shining business but after he retired he wanted to open a winery because the times he spent around those Portugal wineries were some of his most beloved childhood memoriesWe left after spending several hours there and were surprised at how packed the parking lot had become.  However, at no time did I ever feel that there were so many people on the property - and that lends it self to the size of the land.  There is plenty of room to sit and relax without butting elbows with others.Honestly the wines we tried were ok, but they were better than average from many of the other wines we have tried on the CT Wine Trail.  SO if you are looking for a relaxing place with great scenery and pretty good wine, this is the place for you.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,11/25/2013,57,93,1,11,6>You can get pizza in any town of your choosing. Why drive to Tolland? For Camille's! For exceptional thin crust pizza, fresh ingredients, and well-balanced salads and sides.It's the flavors here that win out. Combinations of fresh and flavorful pizza toppings that will surprise you, and a crust that's delicious, thin, and plays a strong side-kick to the toppings. The chefs have taken obvious time in seeking the best ingredients and create winning combinations. The decor and atmosphere are also appreciated. We'll be back!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,11/24/2013,33,132,3,5,2>I've loved IPAs long before ever visting Eli Canon's, but Eli's will be credited for elevating that love to another level (and introducing to Widmer Brothers Brewery).  For that alone they get five stars from me.  On to the review!First off, location is somewhat of a pain.  It's on the north end of Main Street in Middletown and a bit out of the way from the rest of restaurants / bars that dot the area.  Can't help you there.  You're going to be finding some street parking a bit farther away than you would probably like and start walking.  It's not too bad, but you should be aware if you have never been before.When you enter, you will be hit with an old school pub meets TGIF meets dive bar vibe...all in a very good way.  They have barber chairs to sit in, your standard bar seating, a dining area, and a very cool outdoor area if the weather is right.  If you are coming to Eli's though, you are coming for the beer.  If someone knows of a place with a consistently better tap selection, please let me know...seriously...I'm always looking to expand my repertoire.  If you follow them on facebook or keep up with them otherwise, you will find they generally do a 'tap takeover' most Tuesdays.  Tap takeovers are when a bar lets a brewery come in and generally 'take over' 4-8 taps with their own wares for a limited time.  Always a great opportunity to sample a brewery's limited or hard to find offerings.  In normal times though, they have a very well thought out tap selection that will run the gamut from local craft to out-of-state and will try to cover all the bases in beer styles as well.Food?  I have eaten there and will say it was good...maybe very good...for bar fare.  If you're coming here expecting a burgers, sandwiches, wings served up to layer on the beer you will be drinking, you will be A-OK.Middletown is a bit of a hike for me (especially considering the drinking I will be doing), but I try to make it out to Eli's as often as I can.  If you are close to Middletown and a craft beer geek, a no brainer.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,11/23/2013,35,116,1,8,4>Delicious ciders and interesting conversation. That's what you will find when you check out Hogan's for a cider tasting. We were ever grateful patrons on Wednesday night when the owner and her daughter stayed open a little late for the Yelp local roots event. Tastings occur daily and are free. You will find traditional dry ciders as well as some limited edition trials. The limited edition frosted peach cider was delightful. It had NOT your typical overly sweet obnoxious peach flavor but rather a subtle peach note enhancing the complexities of the apples. Black currant was by far our favorite and is available for purchase online or at the farm tomorrow. Ultimately we left with two bottles of peach and one of the honey. We also took home a half a peck of the most delicious cortland apples. Do yourself a favor and go out and get some Hogan's cider, take it to a nice park in the Litchfield Hills and enjoy the beautiful autumn weather and scenery!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,11/22/2013,105,113,7,5,3>I haven't tried the treats here, so I asked my dog Midge to do this review for me.She says, "Ermegerd is that PEANUT BUTTER?! That's my favorite thing!" --Me placing cake down for Midge and her puppy friends---"I'm not sharing this mom, I'm going to put the whole cake in my mouth and devour it around the house. I'm not letting my friends have any. This is sooooooooooo gooooooooodddd nom nom nom nom nom! " ---The cake is gone---"Can I have more please?! I expect this everyday now"These cakes are Midge's favorite birthday treat, they are seriously like crack.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,11/21/2013,58,70,3,6,3>Yummy! Pho Boston was my first pho experience, so this time around I wanted to try another place for comparison. I think their food has a slight edge over Pho Boston. It is much smaller (*maybe* 8 tables). It was clean, and our server was this cute little lady who kept checking up on us, and nothing took long (this was a sunday at lunch time). We also got a pitcher of water since we saw some people had issues with getting water.Okay, now to the food. Pho: very well balanced, fresh, clean tasting but flavorful. It wasn't heavy or gamey, and doesn't leave that film in your mouth you might get from cooking down lots of bones and tendons (which some people may love, but thats not really my thing). I was also happy to read that they're not really big MSG users (thank you yelpers!)Eggs rolls were super fresh and hot, and we got a Bahn Mi to go which we just shared for dinner, and I'm thinking  a tray of those cut into quarters would be a perfect Super Bowl app, since it's only 3.75 for the whole thing! My husband and I both agreed we would be returning. The rice and vermicelli dishes that came out looked heavenly. Now I just need to learn what the heck they are so I can order them. Oh yeah, and Jared Leto gets his hair cut next door...
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,11/19/2013,138,275,1,6,4>My college friend in Springfield and I went out for lunch last week.  When deciding on a place, she mentioned Hot Table because all of her teacher friends love it.  Once I went on Yelp and saw the deal (and the wonderful reviews), I told her we were going and I was glad we did.For $6, the Yelp deal got you a $12 voucher.  Both of us purchased one.  It was perfect because it paid for a small panini and salad combo and a while chocolate iced coffee.  Hot Table is not cheap so it would be very foolish NOT to buy a Yelp deal.I was going to get the Sundried Tomato Chicken, but when I saw another customer's steak panini being made front of me, I had to change to a Black & Blue steak panini and got a Mediterranean side salad.  The steak shavings were juicy, tender, and lean.  My friend enjoyed her Swiss Steak Mushroom melt and Greek salad.What was wonderful about Hot Table was they were able to make whatever you wanted.  All the ingredients were fresh and everything was assembled in front of you.  I believed I even saw kale! : )I got a salad because I wanted to be sensible.  If I had to do it again, I would get a large panini because it was that good.Get there early.  My friend and I got there at 11:30 a.m. and by noon, there was a big line.If I lived in Enfield, I would go here over Panera Bread.  And the people working there were very pleasant.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,11/18/2013,98,169,2,5,3>First time here, very excited to try it! Great experience. For a bustling Sunday morning my friend and I were seated promptly. I started with the "Nutty Hookah" a delicious chai tea beverage with Seagrams Honey in it. Definitely recommend this. I had the frittata with spinach tomato and feta with a side of home fries and toast. Very tasty! The home fries were delish.  The service was great, but a bit slow, probably just because it was very busy- when we were leaving there was a line out the door. I can't wait to try dinner and other drinks here, I've heard they have a very unique and amazing drink list! Looking forward to my next visit.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,11/17/2013,23,65,,5,3>Truly outstanding. This is a "special night out" kind of place. Our table overlooking the Connecticut River (from the 20th floor of the Hartford Steam Boiler building) was perfect. The service was impeccable. The Maitre D checked in on us regularly, and there were so many servers in attendance that I thought we were at a Culinary Institute training course. That's not a bad thing. From the Get Smart entrance procedure through to the the desserts a couple of hours later, it was superb. I even wore a tie to dinner, although Business Casual would have sufficed.I edited this review, having originally given only four stars. Two big reasons for my initial four-star rating; first, my wife ordered rabbit, which was a featured item the evening we visited. This also happened to be her birthday. Instead of the rabbit, which she wanted because she'd never tried it before, she received duck. It was very good, make no mistake...but when you're paying a couple hundred dollars for dinner, you should get what you order.Second, neither of our dinners were piping hot. I ordered lamb ribeye, presented as three thick medallions, atop a bed of vegetables and potato and/or carrot mash, with some yogurt dressing. Again...the flavor was excellent. But I'm just one of those guys that wants my food HOT. Not warm. The meat, both the duck and the lamb, were just warm. The accompaniments were hot, but the main course was not.We began with a couple of excellent, unique apps, and ended the meal with a couple of equally excellent desserts, with coffee and Sambuca. They remembered to note that it was my wife's birthday, and made a nice little presentation. I will be back, and I highly recommend On20. Despite the shortcomings we experienced (which I will assume to be an anomaly, based upon others' reviews), it was one of the nicest dining experiences I've had in a very long time.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,11/16/2013,80,717,10,7,6>I hate liking places like this. It really makes me feel like less of a human being.A quasi-upscale taco bar with a one page a la carte menu that serves everything on primitive dishware. It's as cliche as a West Hartford socialite in a short cocktail dress and no underwear. It's as trendy as twerking at Shish Lounge. It's as predictable as a doubled over 23-year old on a LaSalle Street sidewalk at 2AM.And... I love it.Everything I had was really good and reasonably priced. The tacos are tiny - most people will want at least three. But when three tacos start at $7, and a couple of side dishes will run you about the same, that's a good meal for under $15.I liked the pork and beans - filling and hearty. I also enjoyed the corn on the cob (awesome, cheesy, spicy), and the wild boar taco, slow cooked and stuffed to the brim.The bill for four came to $100 even, including a buncha drinks. For a Friday night dinner in West Hartford, that's quite excellent. Bring your Louis Vuitton wallet.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,11/15/2013,68,289,5,3,4>Willibrew is a gem in northeast Connecticut, most notably for their great microbrews, unique eating environment, cozy atmosphere, and super friendly and down-to-earth staff.  Not being much of a drinker -- I like to taste beer more than drink it -- my server was more than willing to work with my ignorance about alcohol to help me choose the right beers to try.  Helpful hint:  Get the 5-beer sampler if you can; at less than $7 for (collectively) a pint of beer, it's a great deal.The food is fairly good, but nothing to necessarily rave about, and the prices...oh boy, they are a bit steep for what you get.  Nonetheless, it's the eating atmosphere and the beer that make Willibrew what it is, right?Drinks: 4 starsFood:  3 starsPrice:  2 starsAtmosphere: 4 starsService:  4 starsOverall:  3.4 stars...which I'll boost up to 4 for the heck of it.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,11/14/2013,68,200,3,17,7>a'vert , a French-style brasserie, is a fabulous addition to West Hartford dining scene.  The owners have more than amply demonstrated with their impeccable sister Italian restaurant, Treva, that they understand how to provide the highest caliber food, drinks and service in an inviting atmosphere. And now they've done it again - in the spaces formerly occupied by Mediza and Reuben's. Many new restaurants take a few months to get in the groove but our experience on their 5th night open had the feel of a longstanding space - that is a testament to the owners, managers, and servers (many of whom are familiar treva faces).a'vert (vert=green in French...and also happens to be treva spelled backwards), is a simply gorgeous space that invites lingering. 100-year old reclaimed oak wood and tile floors, exposed lighting, tin ceiling detail, large windows, and a gorgeous long zinc bar. This bar was designed with both drinking and eating in mind and if, like us, you enjoy eating at the bar, this is a great spot for it - you've got enough room here to enjoy a full meal but close enough to your neighbors to allow for impromptu conversation. Composed drinks list contains a mix of creative and traditional and all of the bartenders know their stuff. Both the prosecutor (rye whiskey based) and French 75 (champagne and gin) are highly recommended. Wines by the glass and bottle trend french (but of course) and are reasonable but varied - not your standard restaurant wine list, and that departure is more than welcome in this is town. The rose champagne by the glass in particular is delicious and reasonable at $9/glass.We sampled many of the vegetables and some fish on our first visit. Each of the dishes were fantastic. The kitchen, like Treva's, is extremely friendly to vegetarians, vegans, and other dietary needs. The beets, roasted mushrooms, mixed green salad, mussels appetizers and skate wing entree were all excellent - well seasoned, perfect temperature and delicious. We look forward to sampling many more treats on the full menu and the  forthcoming happy hour. And for my more carnivorous friends - there is much for you here, locally and sustainably sourced.a'vert may just eclipse treva as our favorite center restaurant...however, luckily for us, that determination will take many more visits to both to decide.[some logistics: drinks in the $9-$14 range; apps around $10 and entrees in the $20's; you can dress casually or up - either would fit in; resevations recommended, it's already bustling and not a huge dining space].
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,11/13/2013,51,61,2,6,2>The sweet sambal filet mignon at Bentara might be one of my favorite meals in the Elm City. Its so good though I haven't gotten a chance to try much else on the menu besides some apps and bites of my dining companions dishes. I feel like the menu shrunk here recently because I always enjoyed a calamari salad appetizer which I did not see on the menu last time I dined here. Instead I got some sort of weird tofu veggie salad which I found to be pretty flavorful and tasty, although the hard-boiled eggs in it didn't really go with the rest of the dish. I've tasted a few of the seafood curry dishes and while they are definitely good, they don't even compare to their filet mignon. The steak is marinated in a sweet and spicy sauce and served over a grilled portabella mushroom with a side of bok choy and a mini salad in a little edible egg nest bowl. The steak is tender and flavorful and the perfect size. My only complaint is its consistently under cooked but I know that after several orders and prepare accordingly when ordering. But even when I adjust my order to medium as opposed to medium rare its still very red in the inside. But still better under-cooked than over cooked I suppose cause I could always have them throw it on the grill a little longer if I wanted. The atmosphere is quaint and romantic, and the service is good and attentive. Its on the fancier and pricier side but a great date spot or to go on a special occasion.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2013,11/12/2013,62,151,2,10,3>This is defintely "as good as it gets" chinese. If you want chinese food that is fresh, non-greasy, and made with vegetable oil, fresh meat and organic vegetables, then this is the place for you! You can take-out, get delivery, and even sit down with your own beer or wine....it doesnt get much better than that!We just moved to West Hartford from downtown Hartford and one of the majr perks of our move is being able to walk to black bamboo. it was recommended by a friend of ours and after one round of pick-up, we're hooked. Tonight we decided to walk down with a bottle of wine!We were greeted by a friendly gentleman, who turned out to be the owner! When he couldnt find their wine opener, he actually went to another restuarant nextdoor to grab one for us! He brought us utensils outside and our food was delivered exceptionally fast. It was piping hot.His service was fantastic and he genuinely wanted to make sure we had everything we needed. We started with fried pork dumplings, which are excellent. the sauce is perfect... i could probably eat ten of these just by myself! They make them in-house and i think that really makes the difference. My fiance got Kung Pao Chicken and it was served in a heaping portion with lots of white rice, but you can get brown as well. I asked the owner if i could get sesame tofu (a variation of sesame chicken) even though it wasnt on the menu. He happily complied and i got this huge plate of sesame tofu with broccoli and rice. It was perfectly done. Prices are a little higher than you would find at your typical chinese food restuarant, but the quality is SO much better. Also worth noting, the restaurant itself is really clean, you can help yourself to utensils and sauces, and the are generally really quick with your order. In the two times i've eaten here so far, I have been really impressed. If youre new to West Hartford, or just driving through, definitely stop by Black Bamboo!!!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2013,11/11/2013,976,1376,2,4,2>If you are looking for pupusas, I would stop by La Casita del sabor. There aren't a lot of places in the greater Hartford area that offer these since there aren't a lot of people from El Salvador around. The place isn't fancy by any means. Actually, it's quite small and it's in a parking structure for a storage place. The pupusas revueltas were surprisingly good. Service was also very friendly. I spoke Spanish to them and they were very attentive. They even offered to cook me something off menu if they had it. The only thing I wasn't fond of was the bathroom. In order to flush the toilet you needed to move it as it was pushed up against a wall. Also, they had no napkins and used a hand towel like you may have at home. I found that very unhygienic.Also, I was NOT a fan of the horchata. Something about the taste was off from the many horchatas I have had. It was too sweet and had a strange texture to it. Get the pupusa revuelta. You will enjoy it.For background my family is from El Salvador and I have had pupusas for 30+ years in Los Angeles, San Francisco, Oakland and El Salvador.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,11/10/2013,83,167,2,4,3>A friend and I had a delightful meal here thanks to Groupon, who are always getting me to try places I may have never heard of otherwise.  We were both very impressed with the menu, which offered a lot of amazing-sounding dishes that I have never seen before (and i am pretty familiar with sushi and japanese cuisine).  I can't remember the last time I had such a difficult time deciding what to order.  Between the specialty rolls, entrees, hot and cold appetizers, and specials, there was a lot of deliberating at the table.  Like, a lot of deliberating.  It was a painful choice to make with so many interesting variations of raw and cooked fish.Finally, we settled on the Springtime Roll and aptly named OMG Roll.  And may I say OMG about the presentation, freshness and taste of these perfectly prepared beauties.   Bravo to the artistry of the sushi chefs, and their creative use of quality ingredients.  We were still OMG-ing about our meal in the car.I liked the slideshow of fancy rolls on the tv.  These are plates that really deserve to be photographed and hung on the wall.The one thing that will keep me from hurrying back is the cost.  Yes this is excellent sushi but are these prices necessary?  I consider $8-$14 a roll to be reasonable, but Sakimura's fall in the $16-$20 range.  For two rolls, one soup and one salad, we came in just about $40.  I'm not sure if I want to call it overpriced- because again, OMG- but I wouldn't be able to make a regular habit of eating here.BUT- I'm very glad that I did at least this one time.  Yum!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,11/9/2013,79,190,2,8,3>I truly adore Passiflora. Came here with my boyfriend today, I think I've been here 3 or 4 times now. The soup is always fantastic (choices today were eggplant parm and cold avocado tomato gazpacho) and the breads (a flax seed on and udi's gluten free) are nice - the biscuits they sometimes offer with them are really great too. The price, as others have said, are right when you consider the cost of their high quality ingredients. I had the house salad with my soup today which was great. I also love their teas - today I got Yerba Maté and the last time I was here I was super sick and got a sinus clearing one to go. The owner cheerfully gave me a huge portion of the tea and explained how I could refrigerate the bag and RE-steep it throughout the day to try to beat my sickness. I thought that was really sweet of her to be so helpful and attentive. All the girls who work here are great too.And my boyfriend just told me they're byob, so I'll definitely be back to explore that aspect of this fine place!!!!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,11/8/2013,137,197,7,6,4>I'd do some seriously questionable things for Pepe's clam pizza. It's the best clam pizza I've ever had, and on a good day, I can easily house an entire large by myself. I love all of their pizza, but the clam is just unreal. Nothing better than a few pies and cold beers or Foxon Park (diet white birch, the best!). It's worth the wait, lives up to the hype, and in my eyes it's untouchable. I've never had a bad experience here, they're very consistent in their service and food.You can't beat the New Haven style thin crust, it allows you to actually enjoy the toppings rather than just getting a mouthful of bread. It's one of the best known pizzerias in the country for a reason! Definitely my favorite Wooster St pizzeria and absolutely worth stopping by if you're in the area. Personally, I'd go out of my way to come here. The reviews and popularity speaks for itself.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,11/7/2013,134,153,3,9,2>My wife and I went to dinner at Tavern 1757 on Saturday 9/7/13. It appears to be a new Italian restaurant so we thought we'd check it out. We were greeted by the manager and we decided to sit outside. That night, there was a singer playing the guitar outdoors. It ended up getting a little chilly and we wondered why there weren't any heat lamps around for customers.      We were promptly served water and bread with oil for dipping. After that service was quite slow. Eventually, our waitress came over and we placed an order for a bottle of wine. I told her the bin number but she got quite confused and didn't seem like she knew what she was doing. After placing the order it took 25 minutes to get the bottle. During our wait we were never asked if we wanted an appetizer. The manager came over to ask us how everything was. I had to tell him that I didn't know because we hadn't gotten anything yet. When the waitress finally came she apologized with an excuse that the wine cellar is large. As a customer, I appreciate the apology but don't care to hear excuses.      I ordered the Caesar salad and Heirloom Tomato risotto and my wife had figs stuffed with prosciutto and goat cheese and the veal chop with gnocchi. The Caesar salad was not the traditional type. It was served on a rectangular plate with two large sections of romaine lettuce. The dressing had capers and onions in it. It was good, but I prefer a traditional Caesar salad. Nothing beats a traditional Caesar salad made table side. Although I didn't get to finish my salad because the waitress took it right out from under me while I was eating it! My risotto was unbelievable. It was creamy, tasty, and cooked perfectly. The stuffed figs were also delicious. They were warm, sweet, cheesy and the salty prosciutto went perfectly with it. My wife's veal chop was cooked perfectly and also delicious.      The chef saved Tavern 1757 for me. The service was a two star and the food was five star so I give Tavern 1757 four stars.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,11/6/2013,23,731,6,11,8>1.) Just to warm you up:You can't talk crap about this place. They make great food, and their beer is unlike the other beer pub in Middletown. What makes the Half Door a great place is that it serves more international beer than anything. The good news for you beer enthusiasts is that international beer does not use hopps like American beer. America is the land of the preservatives, and historically hopps was used to preserve the beer shipping from the mother land to the colonies. Granted hopps are also used as flavor boosters, you can distinguish between an Americanized beer versus an International beer. Now THAT's what I call Domestic and Imported, one has either more hopps or just hopped up and the other one has less hopps or no hopps at all.2.) What your eyes may see:A bottom half door closed, top half door opened. Wood grain. Dim lights. Beer bottles. Taps. Bartenders in white button ups and black ties. It feels like the way it should.....a Pub.3.) Food:The food on the menu, as well as the chef specials? Amazing. Their brunches are just mouth watering. I keep finding myself having a Scotch Eggs Benedict, which is friggin so yum. They made me a crazy a** Chef's special that had sausage in between two buns topped with crazy amounts of sauces and veggies. I can't believe how consistently great the food is!4) Drinks:If you're going to drink beer, I recommend you grabbing The Passport. You can take a trip around the world, drinking beer without stepping foot on a plane.........or your private jet. If you can complete the list of 100+ beer your photo will be placed on a Hall of Fame wall, and have the benefits of getting 10% off on select draft beer as well as food. I think that's worth it.5.) Service:I believe the staff here are pretty attentive and cool. I love it. The bartenders seem to know very well of their beer.6.) Impressions:When it comes to the Half Door, let's talk in a Ben Stiller voice and say....."Do it."*pops collar on his Michael Jackson Thrilleresque Jacket, combs back hair like the Fonz and heads out the door*
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,11/5/2013,17,33,2,3,2>OH HANA SUSHI HOW I LOVE THEE LET ME COUNT THE WAYS!!  I initially went for the first time about a month ago with a group of my girlfriends who used to be frequent visitors.  The place is super small but it is so cute!  There is a small sushi bar in the back and a few tables in the main area.  Please note when I say small I mean there are about 4 bar stools.  My first time here I ordered the Curry Katsu (shrimp) and just a glass of water.  The waitstaff was pleasant and our food came out in a timely manner.  We went on a Saturday night and the place was pretty busy.  My food was amazing!  The Curry Katsu included miso soup, salad, a side of rice and potatoes and carrots in curry sauce with of course the battered shrimp. All of that for under $20.00  Now the shrimp didn't have curry sauce on it so you have the option of either mixing the sauce or leaving it as is.  For the entree', they serve about 8 pieces of jumbo shrimp which is great for a shrimp lover like me.  I came back at lunch time about two weeks later with a coworker of mine.  This time I ordered some sushi on top of my 'usual' Curry Katsu which was only about $8 and came in the lunch box with miso soup and salad plus again the rice and potatoes.  This time however there were about four pieces of jumbo shrimp.  I ordered the California Roll but the cool think about Hana Sushi is they offer the regular cut roll or a hand roll.  We both decided to be daring and go with the hand roll.  All of the sushi ingredients are rolled into a cone....so cool!  We weren't sure of the proper way to eat it but it sure was fun trying to figure it out.  I love this little place!!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/4/2013,77,139,2,4,2>Another great Max's. Located in somerset square next to its sister restaurant Max Amore, excellent place for your seafood cravings. The best time to come is happy hour as the pricing dramatically drops and you get to order every single appetizer on the menu to share with your friends. My favorite would have to be the mussels as its a huge portion and good size mussels soaked a huge plate of spicy marinara garlic sauce that is to die for. Of all the times I've been here eating on the restaurant side, the service has been rushed and disappointing, but eating by the bar has been better every time, not just because it feels more personal and the bartenders have an amazing ability to remember your name time after time again but the overall feel and personality of the staff seems more friendly. The food is great you wont be dissapointed, the crowd they get range between late 20's to late 40's around happy hour it's a rather lively spot. The decor is great although with the bright lighting and white everywhere it feels so sterile... I guess that's the point.. It's a seafood place after all.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,11/3/2013,140,96,5,10,3>So instead of satisfying my vegan sweet tooth (as I mentioned in my previous review which should be ignored now) Get Baked just whetted my appetite.After talking to the owner on Yelp I assured her that I would be back and she was sweet as could be!I got (all vegan) 3 cinnamon buns, 4 cupcakes, one of the double berry bars, and one of each of the vegan scones. I realized when I pulled into my driveway that I may have forgotten about some muffins.....oi!Anyway - Immediately after getting home my boyfriend and I each devoured a cinnamon bun (we threw them in the microwave because who can turn on the oven when it's +95 degrees outside by 10AM? anyway: AWESOME. omg the frosting and the inner cinnamon and the softness. THEM'S GOOD EATS.After lunch I snuck a cupcake from the box: all chocolate. MOIST and DENSE and Decadent. SO SO SO good.also.....at some point during the day both scones were eaten....i may have had some part in this...even though before today I wouldn't have ordered a scone unless I had no other options. Sweet and Savory were yummy!Despite my dislike of coconut texture the double berry bars (as stated before: a lasagna sized layering of granola, berries, and coconut) are really quite good.So I am very very happy to be able to say I have a hometown bakery that has awesome vegan offerings.Also - unlike a lot of bakeries that make everything before opening for the day - at Get Baked they keep going (when something runs out they make more and in small batches) so you can bet that your goods are probably SUPER fresh.I hope to be back at Get baked very soon!!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2013,11/2/2013,20,15,2,4,3>When you go out to a restaurant, you expect a great meal but when you have exceptional service on top of that, it goes beyond expectation. That is how my family and I felt when having lunch at Salute. We came across this restaurant because of yelp and my fellow yelpers did not disappoint. We are visiting Hartford because my son has been wanting to go the the Science center and we were stuck in some traffic so we were hungry! As soon as we stepped into Salute we were greeted by a wonderful welcoming staff. We had our  5 and 6 yr old kids and from the start the service staff was amazing! I believe the owner came up to our table and already suggested he can get a bowl of pasta for the kids, I agreed and literally minutes later their food with bread came! And he took the time to talk to the kids which made them so happy and settled (which made me and I'm sure the restaurant very happy) I had the rose pasta and my husband the fra diablo pasta.  Both delicious and the lunch portion size was more than enough for us and we had the crab cake which was also amazing.  They even sent us home with a little bag of biscotti! i mean, who does that nowadays! its so hard to find a restaurant that goes above and beyond and Salute does just that. We live 1 hr and 30 min away and my husband is already talking about coming back. I literally just left the place and had to write a review-go here! Stop scrolling down for other restaurants.... This is the place!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,11/1/2013,92,222,2,4,2>I visited this place because I was in dire need of some hookah, and had read about this place on yelp. I didn't realize this place was downstairs from the yogurt place, but found it quickly. Also felt a little sketchy in the front area, but they have a nice menu, and the place is otherwise clean so I didn't feel weird about eating here.Went to the hookah room for relaxation. Although it was freezing outside, there was practically no heat inside, and they turned on the heater for about 5 minutes, which was wonderful at knocking out the chill in the room, but once the heat was off, the room was so cold. The hookah was pretty good, and although they use the self lighting coals, I didn't have too much of an issue with it. They came by multiple times to change the coals which is a bonus in my hookah world. I tried the hummus, which was good, and since I was there to smoke, will inspect the menu at a later time. Initially the place was empty, and as it got later, the place got full, which was cool, although a bit loud for someone who went there to relax and unwind after a hard day at work.I will definitely try this place again.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/31/2013,44,171,2,10,3>I waited on doing this review because I wanted to give it another go in a different situation. I was not disappointed. First visit was with 6 of my friends for "girls night out" and the server was admittedly a bit overwhelmed. The grill chef also dropped my plate just as he finished it on my first go around causing me to have to wait in line again. I didn't mind much, I went back with my salad and enjoyed a good portion of a Gobi Punch Bowl (though big, $15 seemed a little exorbitant - very strong, however!) The second visit was just for two, and the server who seated us was extremely well-spoken and pleasant, explaining the whole situation to my date who had never been there before. Very charming. Also, no dropping things this time at the grill. :) It's pretty much an "All You Can Eat, Choose Your Own Hibachi Adventure". Regular salad bar followed by a dessert bar on the left. Middle is all of your veggies and your noodle choices. Right hand side is your meats and seafood (grab a raw egg and they'll scramble it in there for you, too!) as well as all your sauce choices (there are lots!) and some other seasonings and such at the end of the line.Start with some salad, if you'd like. Or go straight to the noodly goodness. There are some suggestions on the back wall, or pick your pleasure. After you pile up your plate, you're directed to stand at the round counter surrounding the big flat grill at the number you're given, and the chefs go to work on your concoction. Comes off the grill piping hot and smells delicious. When you're done there, don't forget to go get yourself some fruit, pudding, or ice cream with all the toppings. Lunch: $8.95 for adults, $6.95 for kids 7-11, $4.95 for kids 3-6, kids under 2 are free. Dinner: $15.95/$11.95/$7.95/free. Dinner prices all day Sunday and major holidays. As of this review, $13 dinner special is running for the summer (limited time). All meals come with white rice (but you need to ask for it if you want it, it seems) or you can add $1 for fried rice, brown rice or tortilla wraps (you could totally do some ghetto fajitas here.)If you're going for dinner, go a little bit earlier than you'd think to, because the line can get rather ridiculous. Also be aware that they close Monday - Thursday from 3PM - 4:30PM, I assume to switch over to dinner? Not exactly sure why only those days, maybe they have more help on the weekends to compensate for larger crowds?Last tip if you've made it this far!: Double up on the sauces if you want a good kick of flavor!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,10/30/2013,19,55,2,4,2>A friend recommended that I stop here, and I'm so glad she did!  We stopped in on a Friday afternoon and there were a few people out enjoying their wine on the porch.  We chose to do the wine tasting at $6/pp.  The $6 tasting fee includes your choice of any 5 wines on their list of 8, and you get to keep the glass.White grapes are grown at the vineyard, and the red grapes are brought in from California to make the wine. The apples for the Apple Wine are grown about a half mile up the road at Lost Acres Orchard.  They do have a cheese plate or an antipasto to go with your wine, but that's about it for the menu.  I was wishing they had a few more appetizer or lunch offerings, as I enjoy food with my wine.  A tip for new visitors (or my next visit), stop at the Orchard up the road first and pick up some food (a sandwich or homemade quiche) to bring down to the vineyard. Enjoy some wine along with your food - and a beautiful view - on the deck overlooking the grounds
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,10/29/2013,132,600,2,7,4>It it possible to have a crush on a restaurant? Because we totally fell in love with Vinted.Came here on a recent visit for a birthday with a large group.  Which turns out to be the perfect way to sample this. Our waitress was well suited for the task. She helped plan out how many dishes we needed and spaced them out to keep the food coming (but not too fast).As a result, though, we tried at least half of the menu. Not a clunker among them. But the standouts were the risotto balls, the brussel sprouts, the chicken wings, and the mussels.  Really, though, you can't go wrong. Some are better for sharing than others (the foie gras "hot dog" was a little messy) but it still is the perfect place to come with a big group.  The wine is also a star here (naturally) with a good variety of different priced wine in various portions for everyone.  Its almost a little overwhelming but again the waitress helped highlight some wines to taste that matched up with the meal.  And don't pass on the cheese/meats OR the dessert. Can you say macaroons? Yum.  Overall, our guests loved this place and so did we.  We even saw our friends also celebrating a birthday. A true winner.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,10/28/2013,257,192,2,4,3>Great deli located right in downtown New Haven. Awesome pricing and breakfast is available all day. Where else can you get an egg, bacon and cheese on a roll for under $4.00? That's NYC bodega pricing right there! The omelettes are awesome too. I usually opt for the spinach, tomato and feta cheese omelette which sets you back $6 and comes with home fries, toast and a small coffee. Being that its downtown, there's some less fortunate people that frequent the deli. They're harmless though minus a slight odor. I'm just saying ... bon appetite though.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/27/2013,412,837,2,5,7>Maple View Farm is a family owned and run organic vegetable far with a stand seven days a week.They do Community Supported Agriculture (CSA). In addition to veggies, Carole and Mark also have free range chickens who jump in little cubicles to lay their eggs. Usually the Grandpa of the family who is in his 90's gathers the eggs and cleans them. The farm has stands at the Torrington Farmers' Market on Saturdays and at the Collinsville Farmers' Market on Sundays during the season. Recently Jack & I had the opportunity to take a tour of the grounds. The crop looked amazing. My favorite was a visit to the "chicken coop" which was  a large room in a barn with an outdoor area. The critters even have a pigeon friend who hangs out with them.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,10/26/2013,86,169,3,7,3>I rarely claim knowledge of speciality cuisines, because I am, in fact, a born-and-bred New Englander and not well traveled. Here, however, we find the exception, because I've actually been to Korea. For once, I've some basis for comparison.Yamadora holds up pretty well. Quite well, indeed.My brother and I were greeted warmly, even though I was markedly late and he was a little early (we arrived about a half hour apart). We had all the time we needed to look over the menu, and the staff were right there to help us out with any questions.The waiter who delivered the side dishes courteously asked if we'd like them described, and then did so very well when my brother said he would. The sprouts, seaweed salad, and fish cakes tasted very much like what I remember in the vicinity of Seoul. The lotus root was saltier - probably a stronger preparation of soy than I'd run into in Korea - and the kimchee was a little subtler. I think most of the kimchee I'd had in Korea was more heavily pickled.I had a really nice chili spiced beef soup, and my brother probably would have licked the bowl of his stone bowl fish bib-im-bap if it weren't just a little too hot (in temperature) for that. I think I'll have to get the stone bowl bib- im-bap next time I visit, because I've been missed that crisped rice...Is it "authentic" Korean? I'd say yes, though it's been adapted some to American tastes, but remarkably little. I suspect everything might be a little saltier (we do like our salt), and some of the pickled and peppered items might be a touch milder, but the basic flavors I remember are there.The decor combines modern sensibilities with traditional Korean touches. The main door is somewhat oddly placed; it doesn't open directly into the parking lot of this shopping plaza, but onto a pedestrian walkway between two buildings. The restaurant was well marked and easy to find - and a good find it was.Another friend who's made several trips to Korea had recommended I visit Yamadora, and I'm happy to say she was absolutely right.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,10/25/2013,53,66,2,4,2>I'm always on the lookout for independently owned restaurants as I feel they tend to be more creative with their menu and offer fresh, local produce. Birch Hill Tavern is a happy happenstance of local, delicious, and value. First up are drinks. BHT has a seasonal selection of micro beer that is sure to please any brew loving palate. Hubby sampled a local stout that brought a smile to his lips (sorry - I can't remember the brewery). I enjoyed a cool glass of the house white wine, which was refreshing without being sweet or overly dry. Next, the food. The menu is not HUGE, but it offers a nice selection that is sure to please all palates. I was eyeballing the loaded b.h.t potato chips (kinda like nachos, but with potato chips and bacon!) and the wings, but I'm trying to keep my girlish figure from turning into a balloon (I'll save those choices for when school in back in session and I'm in need of comfort). Instead, I had the b.h.t. chop salad featuring iceberg lettuce, bacon, tomato, onion, carrots, egg, and blue cheese dressing. None of the salad additions were overdone, so the salad ended up being flavorful without making me feel like I'd committed a mortal sin. I also ordered the p.e.i. mussels. The mussels themselves were fantastic, but the broth was nothing special and it was served with two thin and extra crispy crostini. I would have preferred some bread to sop up the broth. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't stellar either. Hubby, who is not concerned with his girlish figure, ordered the Rex Burger (lettuce, tomato, avocado, cheddar and an over-easy egg), which was perfectly cooked to order - medium. He also upgraded to sweet potato fries. I have no idea what their regular fries taste like, but their sweet potato fries were amazing! If you are contemplating - upgrade.Finally, atmosphere. I liked the pseudo-rustic vibe they've got going on. There is a lot of rough-hewn wood going on here. There is a bar area in the front and tables in the back behind a half wall. Nice. What I don't like is the TV screens all over, especially in the table area. I can see it being in the bar, but it would be nice if there was an area where your visual senses would not be constantly assaulted. It makes it difficult to stay focused on one's dining companion and the conversation when there are colorful moving images in one's peripheral vision. Very distracting.Given the couple not-so-perfect aspects to our dining experience I've knocked one star off. However, these will not prevent me from returning to Birch Hill Tavern and enjoying their fares again. It's a little off the beaten path and tucked away in the corner of a cute strip mall, but it is worth the journey.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,10/24/2013,3,11,2,5,2>The tuna grinder is to die for!! I know this is an excellent pizza establishment as many of the other reviews have made clear, but I wanted to show some love for the grinder section of the menu. All subs can be toasted to perfection and come with chips or you can substitute home-style fries.  I am a huge fan of this family owned restaurant. The wait staff can be a little shorthanded during the early lunch hours (11:30ish) so the time it takes to order and get your food is highly variable - it is, however, always worth the wait. As this is family owned, the restaurant is closed on Mondays, so be sure to come Tuesday - Sunday. Beverages are very reasonably priced ($3-5 per beer) and makes for a relatively quiet place to grab excellent food and drink on a budget with some of your coworkers after a rough day at the office.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,10/23/2013,40,111,2,3,2>Love it here! If I ever opened a cafe I would put couches in it. Well wouldn't ya know it, they have couches and arm chairs and the expected cafe chairs. Very cute shabby chic interior. I've had decafe mochas, muffins and cannolis. All very good. Service is just okay.  You order, they serve you, that's it. No complaints.All kinds of coffee drinks and seasonal specialty coffee concoctions. Love the big mugs they serve it in. They have lots of pastries and muffins to choose from including gluten free options.  However, the gluten free options are off to the far side of the case and you won't know they are there.  Don't understand why they hide those. The gluten free selection is very minimal on a Monday, but gets better during the week.Great hassle free wifi. If you need to plug in, sit at the tables in the back where all the outlets are. Great place to get done work done when you need wifi.Their patio is so, well, cute. Nicely decorated with real tables and no ugly white plastic chairs. A very inviting space.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,10/22/2013,165,544,2,4,2>I've been coming here for years and years with my grandmother and dad. The service is always super attentive and quick, and they learn the regulars by name and remember their usual order. It's definitely got that hometown, tight knit neighborhood feel to it.The food is always great, and super reasonably priced. For a low cost, good quality breakfast, I cannot think of a better place. Even when it's packed on the weekends, tables open up fairly quickly so you never have to wait too long.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,10/21/2013,0,11,2,3,2>I first walked into this store in January 2009.  I was really out of shape after having a baby and wanted to learn how to run.  I signed up for their No Boundaries "Couch to 5k" program and in a few weeks I was running 3.1 miles!  The staff really know what they're doing and the owner Steph couldn't be nicer.  My son is now in their Zoomerangs program for kids running and is loving it as well, thank you FF!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,10/20/2013,71,294,4,4,4>I've always gotten a kick out of receiving the town's bi-yearly adult ed brochure, and reading about the different classes offered (a two week course on "How to Turn on a Computer," "Basic Coastal Navigation," "Gum Paste Flower Bouquets," and let's not forget "The Enneagram & You"...). But until recently, scheduling conflicts always prevented me from enrolling. Luckily, that changed last month, when my husband, brother, and sister-in-law signed up for a Vietnamese spring roll class taught by Kevin Nguyen, the owner of Pho 75 in Windsor Locks.New to the adult ed "scene," we weren't sure what to expect when we pulled up to our local high school. The class was taught in a home ec room, and we were joined by fifteen or so other people, varying in age from teenage to senior citizen. Kevin provided a recipe-- and of course, all of the ingredients-- then demonstrated the process. He was engaging and friendly as he demystified seemingly complicated techniques, and we really enjoyed the two-hour class. We each made between four and six spring rolls (which were delicious, by the way), and it was well worth the low $22 fee. We've since made spring rolls at home, and are so glad to have learned how to do it!I would encourage anyone-- you don't even have to be a Windsor Locks resident, although they do receive priority-- to check out the town's (or your town's) adult ed offerings. Classes are usually fairly inexpensive, and hey, it'll keep you off the streets. ;)
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,10/19/2013,103,163,5,7,5>Last night I had a simply stellar experience at Millwrights.When I arrived, I slipped downstairs to meet my dinner companion for a drink in the tavern area. My first impression was the rustic atmosphere, which I love in any restaurant. The place even smells woody, which only adds to the ambience. They have a fantastic specialty cocktail selection at the bar. I ended up going with a Pam's Elderflower Mimosa (prosecco, elderflower, & orange juice) which was delicious. For the rest of the night I subtracted the oj to make a delicious prosecco and elderflower delight (thanks to Emily C. for this inspiration once upon a time). The upstairs dining room has a great view of the river outside and really sets the mood for a lovely evening. Now don't judge us here, but we ended up sharing 4 appetizers between the two of us: a cheese plate, half dozen wellfleet oysters, beef tartare, and veal sweetbreads. Everything was great, but the beef and veal were just absolutely phenomenal. The beef tartare was served with a soft brioche that paired perfectly, and the veal sweetbreads were tender and perfectly prepared.So you'd think after all those appetizers, we wouldn't be hungry for entrees, but you'd be wrong. Never underestimate my appetite, friends. In an attempt to be an adventurous eater, I ordered the skate wing, which I had never eaten before. Again, so good, right down to the roasted cauliflower side and toasted almonds. My friend ordered the quail, which he was kind enough to let me try. Oh, the quail. Beyond delicious. Outstanding. Bravo. Tender meat, flavorful foie gras stuffing. There was just nothing bad about this dish.After some arm twisting from the waitress (though it never takes much), we also ordered coffee and a white chocolate mousse to share. The coffee comes out in a small French press and is a delicious roast. The mousse was good, very light and mildly flavored, but the chocolate gelato and toasted coconut streusel was the star of this dessert.If I were a richer individual, I would come to MIllwrights as much as humanly possible. For now, it is perfect for special occasions.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,10/18/2013,81,208,2,6,4>I had dinner there on a Imagine Main Street event. They also had their entire lunch menu available.I have to give kudos to whoever picked the menu choices. Lots of salads and a lot of gluten-free options. I would like to see some kind of gluten free bread or bun for the sandwiches/burgers. They also have veggie burgers.The decor is cute. It's small inside but I like that they have real booths and tables. We actually ate off Limoges china plates. I think this was maybe a Goodwill or yard sale find or maybe old aunt Edna's dishware that no one in the family wanted. But seriously, Limoges? I'm loving it.The service was outstanding. The people who served us were mad friendly, and went over and beyond to customize our meals for us. My water glass was kept full (gold star!). I spoke a bit with the owners and their a Manchester family. I support any local trying to make a go of a business. I really felt like part of the family when I was here, they were that open and welcoming. I enjoyed my daily special of salmon salad over arugula. The dressings for both my salad and my friend's salad were quite unique. I like unique dressings. My friend did mention her chicken was dry.They have a cute corner set up for kids which means this will attract the crowd/families that have little ones. The staff genuinely love kids and they don't mind stepping over little Petey or Janey while they creep on the floor with the toys. If you want to avoid the occasional screeches of les rug rats, you may want to try another establishment. If, on the other hand, you don't mind or you have les rug rats of your own, this place is really set up to be family friendly.I will also agree with other commenters that this place was not well air-conditioned at all. They need to fix that pronto because there is no way I would sweat my way through breakfast or lunch. I can't even imagine what it's like for the kitchen staff. Luckily, we were there on a night when it was a bit cooler and there weren't many people there.I will have to come back and try breakfast or lunch. I will adjust my rating at that time. For now, I have to say it's a cute little place that I'd try again.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,10/17/2013,357,375,2,7,6>Shebeen just opened, but it's designed for expansion, and I have a feeling this place is going to be one of the biggest breweries in Connecticut, if it isn't already. My boyfriend and I stopped in this past Sunday, with about 40 minutes to spare before closing (darn I-84 traffic!). The tasting room area was well filled, and people were still coming in. $5 got us 6 beers in decent-sized tasting glasses. The staff was very friendly, and even with a lot of tastings going on at once, our glasses were filled fairly quickly, and we were able to enjoy them sitting at some nearby tables with tall stools. The standout for me was the Cannoli Beer. (I knew it would be.) Shebeen saves the best for last in the tasting - with powdered sugar on the rim and chocolate shavings on top, it was literally dessert. The idea of a Cannoli Beer is a little gimmicky, but the beer is good on its own without the frills, and Shebeen can pull me in with all the gimmicks it wants if it means I get delicious beer that tastes just like a cannoli. My second favorite was the Idaho IPA, which has potatoes in it, smells like mashed potatoes, and tastes like butter. It would be great to pair with a savory dinner. I also really liked the German Cerveza, which is sweetened with agave, and very light and refreshing. I thought I would like the Concord Grape Saison more than I did. It's a good saison, and we were told to think of it more as a wine beer than a fruit beer, but I think I like my beer and wine separate. The other beers we tried were the West Coast Pale Ale, which was hoppier than I expected, but good, and the Rye Porter, which was a nice, drinkable porter. I appreciated how creative all the beers were. Open tap costs $15, which might be the plan for our second visit, as long as we get there earlier. Shebeen is the Irish word for an illicit place where alcohol is sold without a license. The brewery keeps that Irish theme with its logo and decor, but I found it kind of funny that none of the beers - except for maybe the Idaho IPA with potatoes - seemed very Irish. That's a little nitpicky on my part, though. The point is that they make good beer.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,10/16/2013,44,145,2,4,2>This restaurant was my pick for this month's Taste of Hartford Restaurant Week.  I'm a big fan of RW in general (who isn't?) because I am definitley one of those people who wouldn't be able to afford to try all the nice places very often without it (thats why you'll probably run into me at the somerset Chipotle in G'bury). Anyway my friend sent me a list of like 10 options that she was willing to try, I picked Vivo because they had the best sounding menu (without needing to add 8 or 10 bucks).  I had never been there before, I was really looking to try something new so I'm glad Vivo had good options this time around. I didn't really get the "seasonal trattoria" vibe out of the place but its very nice inside. This place is on the ground floor of the new Marriot, its more upscale than a typical Courtyard by Marriot or something. Since this is probably the main restaurant for the hotel you'll see it all--business men in suits, to families in very casual clothes. As far as parking goes, you could park in the hotel/convention center parking lot or on a nearby side road (meter parking).  I was familiar with the area because I've been to the Spotlight movie theatre nearby several times.  I ended up parking at a meter around the corner from it. They started us off with a bread basket with some nice spread-looked like spinach aoili or something. Whatever it was yummy.  My friend asked for seconds on the bread and they did not hesitate to bring more--thats always appreciated. For TOH I had the lobster risotto, the scallops with polenta and the chocolate gelato. The lobster risotto was very generous, at least a cup if not more. There was also some shrimp in there-not sure if that was meant to masquerade as lobster but there were several pieces of lobster also. Not right out of a lobster though, might have been frozen (had a stronger fishiness to it than fresh).  In general it was really yummy though.  The main entree was two very large scallops. They were cooked in more than just butter though, I can't put my finger on what else was in there but unfortunatley they weren't the best scallops I've ever had.  The polenta was really good though. I have had "real" gelato in Italy before but its been a few years so I can't really say if the gelato was as good as the "real thing" but I loved it.  The caramel sauce was heaven and it also came with a chocolate biscotti. Thanks Vivo, I always appreciate it when the "good stuff" is kept on the TOH menu.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,10/15/2013,119,143,4,5,4>Dang it.  Another 4 star review.  It's not that I'm generous or that I like everything.  I kind of go by what Yelp says when you click 4 stars "Yay! I'm a fan."  Well, Pastrami on Wry....I'm a fan.  I've had lunch here several times and it's always awesome. I labor over the menu because absolutely everything sounds appealing to me.  What do I generally end up getting?  Pastrami on Rye.  It's fantastic.  The meat is lean and flavorful, the bread (Schnitzers I believe....you know the one, from Seinfeld, where he's trying to take the marble rye from the "old bag").  It's so good.  My wife can't get out of ordering the roasted, roasted roast beef sammy. The tater salad is very tasty.  Simple.I've gotta get there for breakfast soon.  Their breakfast menu makes me swoon with items like: Cross Bronx: two fried eggs, hash, ham, cheddar on an asiago bagel.  Good lord, I want that.Three kinds of house made hash: standard, chorizo and veggie.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,10/14/2013,245,117,4,5,3>Whoa, how was I never told about this place before! I was taken here by a friend after we left the gym (what better activity to partake in than stuffing our faces after a good workout?).We entered what looked to be a seafood storage facility, not very aesthetically pleasing, but that didn't bother me. They have a separate counter away from fresh seafood sales (at which they have an abundance of fresh fresh fresh fresh lookin' catch), at the prepared food counter theres a menu overhead. We both opted for the fish and chips, classic. After a minimal wait, we picked up our boxes and they were HEAVY. These guys really stuffed these boxes well! I was told that the upstairs dining area was new addition and what a great addition it is! Very quaint and clean looking area, feels like a totally separate area from downstairs. Also available here are a couple beers on draft for purchase. The fish and chips were delish! So warm, so good, so so good. My only complaint is that they should give out their own house brand tartar sauce with the fish, but that's just me being picky.Come here!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,10/13/2013,250,122,7,11,4>If you are looking to try Vietnamese for the first time, and you're in the Hartford County/Area - this is the place to try (I would not recommend ANY other place)I have known this family since birth, and they absolutely know what the hell they're doing. They have a few things (Bún bò Hue, Pho, Goi cuon) of which are the only things that they sell on the menu - and by golly, they got it down right! All broths are flavorful and clean-tasting, appropriate noodles are served with both dishes, and presentation is simple, to the point. The springs rolls are two per plate, and if you're here with a date I recommend 2 orders. Any red-blooded American can easily put down several of these! I always order 2 (America!)Beware: space is limited here. There are about 8 wall tables that seat 4, and they usually are filled. And the 2 center tables that hold 8 typically are just as packed. Parking out back is not a problem if the parking in front is at capacity. Their lunch wave is chaotic, what with the folks from Pratt & Whitney and from the surrounding car dealerships. I am bit biased, but the reasoning is simple. They use very little to NO MSG. Many of the Pho places in the area use heinous amounts of MSG, and it just wreaks havoc on my body. Not to mention it also induces uncontrollable burps, trouser coughs, mild nausea :(But the fact is, these people keep it pho-real (see what I did there?) and as authentic as it gets, especially if you don't want to drive to NY or MA. It's a hole in the wall, that has a very limited menu, but they're good at what they do. What's even better, you can always walk out with some home-made sua au nành, bánh cam, or some cafe sua as desert. (Also, their take-out portions are quite hefty)
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,10/12/2013,54,99,,5,3>I have en extremely unhealthy relationship with Mexican food...as in I stalk mexi restaurants online to find the best place in the area, no matter where I am. My particular obsession is with tacos and guacamole. A freshly prepared crunchy taco stuffed with some kind of amazing meat and an order of luscious guacamole is for me, in one word, perfection. Well, I had no idea I'd discover authentic mexican cuisine 10 minutes from my place at Cucaramacara, who happens to make the best tacos al pastor. The flavors are intense with lots of spice and hints of sweet pineapple. And of course, the guacamole they make is very good. It's a bit more whipped than I prefer, but the flavor is on point and the chips the serve with it are awesome. I also must add that the black refried beans they make are SOOO good. So flavorful with a creaminess that hits right at the end. YUM. The ONLY complaint I have is when calling for take out they'll tell you 20 minutes when in reality that means 45. So take your time getting there, and you'll have no problems!
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,10/11/2013,115,309,2,2,2>Blat?  Bacon - Lettuce - Avocado - TomatoI really like the meal presentation.  They utilized a wooden slab covered with butcher paper as the primary conveyance.  The sandwich was actually two, set atop on another and held together by a sharp steak knife jammed through the sandwiches into the board.  The fries were contained in a steel bottomless sleeve lined with paper.  Bob mentioned the little ketchup bottles in his review..  I like them too.  Very cool.The bread was good quality the sandwich was toasted.  I chose sweet potatoes fries for $2. More -  our server was on our game and.... huge kudos for keeping our water glasses full!
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,10/10/2013,22,76,2,3,4>Being fans of odd beers, My girlfriend and I decided to check out Harvest at the recommendation of her father. Upon entering, I knew this was destined to be a good spot. I was immediately greeted by a few coolers of single beers. I didn't think TOO much of it, because I thought the real draw was the beer cave. After looking at the cooler for a bit, we headed to the cave.Walking in felt like I was a little kid showing up at an arcade. No matter where you looked, something grabbed your interest. In retrospect, I don't even think I looked through the whole 360 degrees of beer! (Read: I'm going back again to look around more.) While the cave is a GREAT attraction full of a wide variety of breweries' products, I found myself walking back to the coolers of single bottles. After seeing several brews I wasn't familiar with in the cave, I was on a mission to locate singles of each and piece together a 6 pack of my own. My mission was thwarted when I found a pack of Sixpoint 3Beans. I guess this is yet another reason to return to Harvest.Point in case, this is a package store like no other that just beckons you to return several times. Not only was the supply of beer impressive, but talking to the owner gave me the feeling that he really knows what he's talking about. In this age of businesses popping up for the sole purpose of money-making, it's VERY refreshing to see someone open a business based upon something they're passionate about! I'm a big fan!
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,10/9/2013,35,115,2,5,2>I came across this salon right here on Yelp and decided to give it a try solely based on reviews.  When I called to make my appointment, the receptionists blew me away with their kindness and thorough explanation of what I should expect in terms of the visit and pricing.  I was called in earlier than my scheduled appointment time - which worked for me!  I told Kim - the stylist I was referred to by the front desk girls - and she gave me a realistic expectation based on what I wanted - without crushing my dream (which a lot of hair dressers have a tendency to do!)  The color and cut came out better than I could have imagined!  I made another appointment and I plan to keep it.   The shampoo bar is awesome - nice and relaxing and I enjoyed the scalp massage. Will definitely return.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,10/8/2013,34,36,2,6,4>I love this place :)I'm a vegetarian and you'd think I'd be pretty uncomfortable at a pub that has (you guessed it) pub food.On the contrary!  The Corner Pug has a handful of vegetarian-friendly dishes that are impeccable.I've honestly NEVER had a bad dish here - any veggies are always perfectly cooked and seasoned.  I've had a few dishes here - from the Mac and Cheese (totally inspired, the kind you dream about), to a Portobello Sandwich, to their Zen Burger.  Their waffle fries are to die for.  Seriously, I've never had a bad dish at the Pug.As far as drinks, they have a really good selection, what with being a pub.  I tend to get wine when I come here.  For dessert - there's only one dessert one ought to get:  the Crème brûlée.  It's absolute perfection at the Pug.  The only downside is that I've found a few of the female members of the wait staff can be pretty unfriendly.  But I can deal, as long as I get my yummy food.All things considered, this is a great place to get delicious, hot, hearty food that feeds your soul without being gout-inducing.The Pug photos are adorable.  If you haven't yet been to the Pug, it's time.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,10/7/2013,116,265,2,3,2>I don't know how I haven't Yelped about Bon Appetit yet. Shame on me! With that being said, I must say that I've been coming here for years. I always look forward to stopping by and chatting with Roland or Andrea when I'm on the hunt for cheese or other culinary delight. They have unique foods, foie gras, cheeses, saffron, truffles, and more! I never feel rushed and I love seeking out a new cheese to try tasting samples and discussing it along the way. Definitely remember that they put together some of the greatest gift baskets that I've seen.Great job Bon Appetit! Keep up the good work!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,10/6/2013,397,324,3,5,4>Amazing Greek pizza! Tons of cheese and crunchy crust! I've been getting my cheap pizza fix from George's pizza and I love every single slice. It's become my Wednesday ritual. I order a large cheese for lunch or dinner and then log that other half to work and devour it for breakfast.  The pizza reheats well and the cheese and nice and thick. I love that they're not stingy on the cheese!  I'm addicted to their cheap prices! For $13 I get a huge 18 inch with extra sauce. The sauce is a tad sweet for my liking but IMO its better than many of the other pizza places in the area. I love Angelina's sauce but lately I've been on a cheese overload so George's pizza has been my pizza spot. I love the atmosphere. Many of the patrons are working class. The staff seem to know many of the regulars. Each time I go in to pick up my order I see the regulars ordering their "usual".  You don't see too many restaurants with such a loyal following like that these days. The parking is always packed but I have never had to wait to get a space. Many like myself are in and out. $10 and up to use credit card! I'm seriously going to get a pizza from George's every week because yes it's that good! I swear this is perfect for those on a budget. I spend $13 for one meal and can have it for breakfast or lunch the next day! That comes out to $6.50 a meal!!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,10/5/2013,803,1274,9,10,12>Whether you are heading into the West Hartford library to spend some educational time, or heading into Blue Back Square to spend some dinero, the formidable Noah Webster Statue welcomes you to your destination.It's a tall beautiful statue, set inside a landscaped circular base decorated with flowers, shrubs, and recessed garden lights. The circular base is inscribed with some of Noah Webster's attributes (publisher, scholar, etc).He was a Yale educated New Hartford native, published his first dictionary in 1806, and has become known as the "Father of American Scholarship and Education".Not a bad legacy at all.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,10/4/2013,79,188,2,5,2>The Hill-Stead Museum offers a bucolic backdrop for the Sunken Garden Poetry Festival, an annual poetry series held in the garden. Every poetry reading should be punctuated by the bleating of sheep. If you come here for the festival, bring a picnic dinner unless you feel like waiting in line for limited food offerings. The audience tends to be...silent. If you're someone who is used to the cordial, chatty atmosphere of jazz festivals in Bushnell Park, you'll have to adjust a little. Once the music and poetry begins, most people don't say a word, excepting that weird sighing thing that people do when a poem is done being read. Be prepared to wait in a wicked long line for the women's room. Be prepared to wait in a wicked long line driving in and driving out. I'd suggest that if you can walk, bike, or take a bus here, just do that for the poetry festival. It's less annoying.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,10/3/2013,222,115,3,5,3>You want to get your dog groomed the right way - then this is the place to come!  Remember stay and support your local business.  Don't take your pooch to Petco or Pet Smart for grooming!Location - conveniently located in Glastonbury.  The business is a bit difficult to find as it's behind a small house which I believe is also another small business as well (maybe a lawyer's office though I'm not sure).  You can't miss it if you're seeing an automative repair shop opposite the street, and on the other side of the street is an Irish pub and Plan B burger.  However, despite the business being small there's signs out front by the street and on the path down to the front door.  Parking is in front of the house then you walk down the small path to the entrance.  Whenever I come - during the week but now mostly on the weekends, there's always plenty of space to park.Aesthetics - The path down the business is ordinary however that leads to a small open area at the entrance of the business that's decorated with a bench and potted plants.  Inside there's a TV screen that shows pictures of the owner's and customer's dogs, and a nice little waiting area with two nice wicker chairs and a coat rack that's used for the dog's leashes.  It's also beautifully tiled and the dog area is hardwood floors.  All equipment is new down to the bathtub.  It really does look like a spa for the dogs.Service - Only one word the sums it up - excellent!  The business is run by a husband and wife - Tammy and Chris and they are the best!  The are organized and both are excellent with the dogs.  They love each and every one of them as if it's their own dogs.  The are always accommodating in terms of timing and scheduling and always willing to accommodate your schedule.  They work Tuesday to Saturday and start around 9 AM to sometimes will work as late as 7 PM though that's not usually the norm.  Prices are affordable for a grooming which includes everything from teeth cleaning, nail clipping, to hair cut, etc.  Each dog is individually cared for and not treated like a conveyor line production like you might find at Petco or Pet Smart.Rating - 5/5 stars!  Have been going to them for some time now and will continue to do so in future!  Remember - support local business!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/2/2013,88,253,2,9,5>This is perhaps my favorite theater in Connecticut. The theater is very intimate and there really is not a bad seat. I used to love when they had the 10 Spot option where a limited number of seats were available online for $10. They offer a very eclectic mix of plays and feature both timeless classics and more modern plays. Their production of a Christmas Carol is one of my favorites and always puts me in the Christmas spirit. I enjoy supporting them because of their strong commitment to bringing the arts to the community and showcasing up and coming local talent. I am looking forward to seeing what the 2013-2014 season has to offer.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,10/1/2013,312,447,2,20,7>Pho 68 has been open for about two weeks now.  A friend and I met here for a late lunch today around 2pm.  We enjoyed the food, the service, and each others company very much.  My friend has been here three times in the last two weeks since they opened.  Since she is from Vietnam, I trusted her judgement in the selection of this restaurant to meet for lunch.  Additionally, I was excited to try it as it is new and I love Vietnamese food - especially pho!  As an appetizer we shared a Vietnamese pancake that was big, thin, and crepe-like with a filling of mung beans, sprouts, coconut milk, chicken (I think it's typically made with shrimp but we asked for it with chicken since I am allergic) and other delicious ingredients.  Turmeric gives the pancake an attractive bright golden hue.  I learned how to properly eat this today:  take a piece of the accompanying lettuce, layer on some accompanying cilantro, basil, mint leaves, top with a piece of the pancake complete with filling, roll it all up, dip it into the bowl of fish sauce and eat!  Unbelievably tasty!Of course, as we were here my mind was on pho so I ordered the one with tripe, tendon, meatball, flank, rare steak and brisket (I love meat and "weird" textures).  It was terrific.   Plenty of fresh basil, mint, sprouts, lemon and jalapeno slices came with it on a separate dish.  The broth was very good as were all the ingredients down to the noodles.  My friend had a noodle soup dish, also, that I don't know the name of, but the noodles were much thicker and the broth was spicy.  I tried some and liked that one a lot as well, even if my mouth was on fire with each bite!We had one main server but another person helping him at times.  They were both attentive and made sure we had what we needed.  There were only four or so other tables of people there, but I was still surprised by how fast and responsive they were with anything we asked for.  Also, the food came out in a flash.  One thing I wished was different was that they served our appetizer first and then timed it so that our noodle soups would arrive after we finished our pancake, but everything came out all at once.  Still, the soup managed to stay warm while we enjoyed the pancake.So how does it compare to the other pho places in town?  As you may have noticed, we have several.  I don't have much experience with the Park St. pho restaurants with the exception of the long gone Mini Saigon turned Houng Viet, but size-wise it's larger than Pho Saigon and not as big as Pho Boston.  The food seems to be cooked up faster here than at either of those locations.  Comparable to both, in terms of quality of the food, based on this initial visit.  Service here is better than at Pho Boston and the dine-in experience here is better than the one at Pho Saigon.  Definitely worth a visit if you like Vietnamese cuisine.  I have plans for returning soon!
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,9/29/2013,63,76,3,7,4>Dear goodness, this place is so cool! This is the closest I've found in the Hartford area to giving me the same vibe I felt at Stumptown in Portland. I love, love watching people work who sincerely care about their craft and the siphon pot is so awesome to watch - it looks like a chemistry set! The nerd in me would love it if they offered classes or did "tastings". When I went, I got the siphon pot and an Ethiopian bean (I tend to like coffee with fruitier notes). This is the coffee to drink black. I will definitely be back for some beans and to try more of the menu. A quick note - the siphon pot-brewed and Chemex-brewed coffee are brewed individually by customer and are not available for take-out. Again, this is the kind of coffee you savor, so that makes sense.  For the more utilitarian coffee shop visitor, they also offer regular hot and iced coffee, tea and baked goods - for take-out or eat-in.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,9/28/2013,129,155,3,6,6>Asian fusion DJ dance parties complete with neon glowing and blinking party cube decorations, here I come! Let's all get off our butts, get downtown and pretend we live in Manhattan. I came for the Taste of Hartford menu, and the portion sizes a little too small for my liking, but this is typical of the "taste" menus of this week of restaurant promotions. No complaints really- $20.13 is a good price for three courses. I had the shrimp shumai (served in little bamboo steamer bowls), bahn mi and hazelnut mousse cake and carrot cake (we split dessert). This year has been a discovery of the glory that is Vietnamese food. Forever I will remember 2013---job changes, new apartment, Yelp, pho, bahn mi. Banh Mi- WHERE in the world have you been all my life? Yes, Vietnam, but you've also been right in my backyard. Pho Boston, A Dong, Pho Saigon. So many wonderful places full of delectable culinary treasures. Bahn mi honestly might be the best damn sandwich I've ever had. Seriously. I know I'm an effusive person, but really. Pickled daikon radishes and carrots, mayo, teriyaki chicken (or beef or pork), fresh cilantro (ON A SANDWICH not a taco!), jalapenos, and a crusty french baguette. A mixture of cultures and history all wrapped up into one amazing freakin' sandwich. I've wanted to try bahn mi for so long and for some reason it took me until now. So, lucky Laetus will forever be held in high regard due to my unforgettable bahn mi experience. I've had shumai before, and this was wonderful shumai. Dessert was average, I would have preferred something Asian and funky, something I never tried before, so I could have another culinary revelation and "what the hell have I been eating all my life?" moment. So, inspired by Laetus, I headed over to A Dong, Whole Foods and Trader Joes to grab all of the essential ingredients necessary (and then some!) for making my own bahn mi (learning later that you can get all of it just at A Dong- including pickled daikon/carrot mixture pre-made). I'm going to eat bahn mi (spicy tofu from A Dong and chicken marinated in teriyaki sauce) all damn week long and enjoy it. I mostly love restaurants because they inspire me to be a more creative cook. Thanks, Laetus. I'll be back....your ambiance made for some impromptu dance parties, (rockin' to old school rap while relishing in carrot cake [plate garnished beautifully with shaved carrots, might I add] and dreaming about my devoured bahn mi).
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,9/27/2013,19,70,,4,3>I had heard so much great buzz about this place before I finally went out here. Russian Lady really has whatever you're looking for. Usually no cover. On a Monday night, and enjoyed local jazz type artists preform here on the first floor. It isn't too loud and there's usually a good crowd. Don't want to sit up at the bar? There's tables against the wall to the right when you walk in. Go up to the floors upstairs on a more busy night and you can dance to all different types of music. In the vodka room there are $2 shots. All the vodka is distilled there for you to see, and there are almost 20 different flavors (swedish fish, bubblegum, cucumber melon, and my favorite- pineapple). Be careful though because on a Saturday night these shots go for $6 each. People who i've seen in the VIP areas seem like they're always having a good time, pool tables are always full, and there's always lots of people having a good time. In the summertime there's even a rooftop cash bar, setup really nice with a tropical feel and you can sort of look out and see Hartford from way up high. Pretty cool place inside!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,9/26/2013,41,82,2,4,2>I am writing this review after my third trip to Cora Cora. I was on the fence prior to my most recent visit but they've earned this 4 star review so here it goes. Peruvian food is very interesting: there are some dishes, like Ceviche, that are very complex and upscale and other dishes that are basically chopped hot dogs and crinkle cut French Fries. On top of that you have Asian style fried rice. Due to this it's hard to judge it on one trip/experience.  My tip is to find someone who has been there a few times and take them with you. (Maybe one day if I have more time I'll go through all of the menu items on Yelp.)If you like Ceviche; get some of that, if you like family style rotisserie chicken; get some of that, if you like Thai/Indian curry they have something like that too. In fact the first thing you should do is order a drink so you can really take your time with the menu and ask the servers some questions. You might need a couple attempts like I did but I can guarantee that Cora Cora will become a favorite spot soon enough.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,9/25/2013,88,118,2,4,4>Woodland Gardens is definitely my favorite local garden center. They have an excellent selection of flowers, herbs and vegetables. I always appreciate how many varieties of tomatoes they offer, at different stages. You can choose a mature potted plant, a smaller peat pot, or an even smaller six-pack. Each variety of tomato is labeled with a sign that explains optimal growing conditions, what the plant will taste like at maturity, various uses, and growth time. I find this extremely helpful, as I am not a walking tomato dictionary.Woodland also offers a great selection of peppers and hot peppers, and a good selection of pretty much anything else you ever wanted to grow in your garden, including herbs. I have also never had a single problem with their plants surviving, even during my formative reign of gardening terror when I thought weekly waterings were generous. Also, if you need any gardening extras, Woodland has a glorious selection of organic fertilizers and soil enhancers, as well as the absolute best selection of water cans (they currently have a pink snail wearing pearls) and pots around. The staff at Woodland Gardens is nothing short of amazing. They are always helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly. They make you look forward to your next visit. Oh, and there's a bunny cage, for your daily dose of cuteness.Definitely check out Woodland for all of your gardening desires. You'll find everything you need, and get the satisfaction of supporting a local business!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,9/24/2013,121,215,7,8,7>this place.Complete and uttterly...totally amazeballs.It's full of crunchy granola,  stroller totin....dog walkin hippies and I love it. I love all of it.I went today alone....and I realize that this is a place that you must go with others. You need to share, experience and feed one another....I've gone to so many CT grown farmers markets and I was disappointed by the lack of freshness and the infiltration of "We welcome food stamps".... these farmers markets are sparse...and on a city green...this one...this one is gorgeous...food trucksheirloom tomatoesfresh breadsinventive cheeses,,,I will not be going every other sunday until it ends ....and bringing everyone who wants to go.Sidenote... watch the parking lot..it's cramped...and i almost whacked someone... or someone whacked me....regardless...thank you handsome tattooed boy who witnessed ..heelllooooooo
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,9/23/2013,402,2019,2,7,4>We came to It's Only Natural on a Saturday for Lunch .. this was the first week they are open a the new North End location .. So, it is a "soft open" but the only thing that I saw that was missing was the beer and wine. The food was still excellent (maybe better than before?) .. We had the Southern Fried Tofu (still delicious little plant based fried goodness) and a BBQ Tempeh sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries (so yummy..) .. if you are vegetarian, vegan, looking for a healthy option in Middletown, this is a sure-fire good thing! Definitely we will be back (often) after the full official opening!The only drawback is that parking is not as easy down here on the North End ..
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,9/22/2013,27,103,,2,2>I have been a faithful patron of Prossage for about 3 years now.  I cannot say a bad thing about Blake and his team at Prossage.  They are total pro's that are focused on muscular health, acupuncture, and total well being.  When I met Blake I was suffering from an upper back / neck injury.  While nothing can heal back and neck issues, massage is a worthy treatment.  The team is top notch; I've also seen Holly for a massage every now and again.  You may feel that heading into Hartford is a pain for a massage but I assure you it is worth the effort.  Unfortunately the city of Hartford recently removed the parking access in front of the Marriott but you can still find street parking if you get there at the right time.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,9/21/2013,12,5,2,7,4>My favorite Hartford restaurant. A menu that changes with the seasons, beautiful displays and incredible flavors. Usually I end up eating off the pub menu for the sake of my wallet but here are my must have's - - Spicy Margarita - the first time I had this it was infused with cucumbers and it was the most amazing thing I'd ever had to drink- Disco Fries - after a show next door at Billing's Forge this is what I'm craving! The plate is huge, share with your friends and make everyone happy- Chickpea gnocchi - these delicious creations are usually switched up with different vegetables or sauces depending on what's in season. Do yourself a favor if you see them on the menu and EAT THEM!- Fried chicken with sriracha honey - the chicken is crisp and juicy and the honey is the perfect amount of sweet and spicy. If you're lucky there will be a bartender working who remembers how to make a Dr. Firebox, it is one of the tastiest cocktails there is! Tastes just like Dr. Pepper which means watch your intake because remember there's booze in there! People will complain about the parking or the neighborhood and I will tell those people to get over it, and valet their car if they're that worried because the experience you'll have once you go inside is worth it. It's beautiful to your eyes, your nose, your taste buds, it's worth it.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,9/20/2013,200,181,2,5,4>I rarely give 5 stars but I can't help but grace this little place with five jewels in its crown. I was super skeptical when it first opened because it just looks like your run of the mill, ho hum Chinese place from the road. Thankfully my boss loves this place and we frequent it for staff lunches. The table cloths are a nice touch and hello crunchy dealies waiting for you as you arrive. (Only thing is last summer with the humidity they were a little stale but they are more than willing to whip up a fresh bowl if you ask). Warning - you WILL fill up on these upon arrival. Usually I go for lunch because its a killer deal - $8 for soup/eggroll and an entree. I always get the Broccoli in Garlic Sauce bc the broccoli is nice and crunchy.Take out is fast - I hardly ever call ahead because it's that fast.And honestly - the take out is all about the 'experience' still! I feel like if they could put a white table cloth in your bag to take home, they would! Example: I order Broccoli with Garlic Sauce. I expect tin of food + box of rice. No. It comes with a tiny bag of crunchies (OH ya...), dipping sauce, chop sticks, fortune cookie and a tea bag! Just like what you'd have if you were eating there! I love thoughtfulness like that!"You come back!"
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,9/19/2013,36,206,2,8,1>Excellent sushi.  My favorite, the salmon sushi was soooooo fresh.  Literally the best I have ever had in the area, even better than my favorite Sushi Palace in Hamden.  They have all you can eat sushi for $24 per person, and there are even some inventive dishes like "sushi pizza" and "salmon martini".  The sushi pizza was definitely an adventure!  Presentation is also very important here, and the plates came out very nicely decorated.This place is brand new, and the sushi chef previously worked in a restaurant in Manhattan.  He is a great sushi chef, with fun and creative ideas.  He makes it a point to order the freshest fish available, and you can really tell. EXCELLENT!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,9/18/2013,48,120,,4,3>My friends and I were extremely satisfied by our experience at Mei-Tzu last night.  With a wide assortment of Chinese, Japanese, Thai, and Sushi bar items, we were skeptical that they would be able to deliver quality cuisine that spanned so many genres- but we sampled all and were THRILLED at how consistently unique and delicious each choice was. We started out with a variety of beverages: I got the Thai iced tea which was perfectly balanced, sweet, creamy and strongly tea flavored, my friends got a small carafe of chilled saki and a glass of spring plum wine.  Both were well received.For appetizers we tried a classic bowl of miso soup, which was about twice the size we were expecting and FULL of chunks of tofu and seaweed.  It had great, hearty miso flavor.  We also got the spicy dumplings which were fresh made Peking dumplings with a sweet-chili infused dumpling sauce full of fresh chopped garlic.  It had a sweet and spicy burn and with 6 pieces, was perfect to split 3 ways.  We rounded out the appetizers with one of their special sushi rolls.  We were delighted by the name God'Ziraa roll because we appreciated their tongue-in-cheek mockery and lightheartedness- but the real delight was how good the roll tasted!  Soft shell crab was lightly flash fried and then incorporated into a roll with cheam cheese, topped with broiled eel and avocado, and drizzled with a sweet Thai chili sauce.  Holy cow, it was good!  A crispy, smooth, spicy, creamy, delight in every bite! For entrees we all shared Mongolian Beef- a sweet bbq beef dish stir fried with peppers, onions, mushrooms over a bed of pan fried vermicelli noodles, the Thai Casserole, with mixture of tender chicken and veggies brought out steaming and sizzling with plenty of lemon-basil enhanced sauce, and the Thai tofu with coconut and lime, a delicious, traditionally flavored Thai dish with a mellow, sweet and sour inspired sauce that had nuance and heat that couldn't be LESS like the traditional Cantonese sweet-sour red glop often served in take out.   The entrees could not have been fresher, and the portions were a great size for sharing.  We all got more than a taste of each! Our bill was delivered with a sliced orange and a round of fortune cookies that were actually FRESH!  We liked the low lighting, simple ambiance, and extremely friendly staff.  For a Tuesday night, they actually had quite a few people dining in, as well, which is always a good sign!  The only thing we didn't quite like is that our bill was delivered without an itemized description!  We weren't trying to split it up, but if we WERE, it really would have been a challenge to figure out what belonged to whom!  No matter though, it would STILL be worth the confusion.Mei-Tzu has quickly become my favorite new spot to bring a "date or guest" in Enfield!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,9/17/2013,151,129,,3,5>I am beyond pleased with my wedding which took place at the Pavilion on Crystal Lake.When I sought out a wedding venue, I had some criteria and the Pavilion on Crystal Lake fit them all.*only one wedding a day/ nothing going on there besides my wedding - check*beautiful outdoor ceremony space - check*rustic space that was refined and updated - checkWhat really blew me out of the water was the amazing service I received from day one. Anytime I had a question, and trust me I had a lot of questions, I was promptly answered and always felt at ease with the planning. Also, the food was unbelievable. Multiple guests told me how it was the best food they had and how plentiful it was throughout the night.I was lucky enough to have one of the most gorgeous, mild summer days that most brides dream of, so the ceremony was beautiful outside and our photographer took advantage of the weather and gorgeous grounds to take some breathtaking shots.So glad I booked this venue, it made the perfect setting for the most memorable day of my life so far.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2013,9/16/2013,173,343,3,5,2>Yelp - I needed a place for breakfast that was local and you did not lead me astray.We came for breakfast but we also came for the toast.  Yes, you read correctly, toast was what the other reviewers raved about - and what we found was so much more.Josie's Corner is a cute local breakfast spot that was doing a brisk business when my party of four arrived on a recent Saturday morning.  Quickly seated and drink orders taken - a silence fell over the table as we decided what to order.  I had told my brother to check out the reviews of the place and when asked what he was getting all he said was TOAST.  Those were my thoughts exactly as several other reviewers had mentioned that all of their bread was homemade.  The menu has your standard breakfast fare - from eggs to pancakes (plain, nut and fruit flavored) to a cinnamon swirl French toast - but we were here for the toast so the four of us ordered a variety of omelet's that came with you guessed it toast and.  We thought that we had everything in order when much to our surprise we were told that there was not one but THREE different types of bread to choose from that day.  Our waitress (and head baker - possibly the owner???) told us our options were honey wheat, marble rye and cinnamon swirl.  Arghhhh - choices but this was quickly remedied when we were given the option of two different breads to try.  I settled on an egg white veggie omelet and a slice of marble rye and a slice of cinnamon swirl.Coffee was always keep full and when our orders arrived I dug into a not only flavorful but pretty looking omelet.  I usually order the same thing at breakfast places and cannot tell you how many "ugly" egg white omelets I have eaten in my day.  In addition we were also served home fries that were flavorful and had the right amount of crispiness to them.  But the toast was the star of the meal - thickly sliced with a fair amount of butter, the marble rye was my favorite and even had caraway seeds in it - definite plus!  The cinnamon swirl was okay and our waitress told us that the French toast really brings out the flavors of the bread.  End the end there was not a morsel of food left on any of our plates.For the four of us - it cost about $47.  A good value IMO.    One of the better breakfast places in the area.  Do yourself a favor - skip the Denny's or IHOP and come to Josie's Corner, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,9/15/2013,47,138,3,4,2>El Mercado is a Latin food lover's oasis.  Peruvian, Dominican, Colombian, Mexican. You name it, they got it.  Steam tables are set up at each country's station so you can preview what you might want but there are also menus from which to order.Peruvian is my favorite of these cuisines so it didn't take me long to spot Lomo Saltado on the menu of the Peruvian entry in this paradise.  I've ordered this dish many times and it usually will cost between $14-18 at a full service restaurant.At El Mercado?  $9.99 and still served with traditional roasted corn nuts with the liquid crack sauce otherwise known as Aji.The plate they came out with was huge and this was actually some of the best Lomo I've ever had.  So tender and juicy for the beef and well sauteed with onion and tomato and served over what looked like fresh cut french fries.  Unbelievable!I was with a group and also tried the fried seafood platter called Jalea de Mariscos, which was gigantic, and the Relleno de Papa from the Colombian side of the house.It was the size of a softball and had a mixture of beef and rice in the center and a layer of mashed potato around it which was then flash fried.  Excellent and a true bargain at $3.00.  An extra nice touch was the availability of bottled sodas such as Jarritos and red cola that I am very fond of and can only be found in latin inspired markets or restaurants.This place reminds me of a small, Latin only version of Philly's Reading Terminal Market.  It's mostly self serve and not much to look at but don't be fooled.  There are so many great choices that you truly don't know where to dive in first.  So go with a group and try it all!
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,9/14/2013,33,132,2,2,2>When reading the older reviews, be aware that they built out a new large strip mall and Crazy Bruce's moved in there.  So place is in a very modern strip mall now and presumeably cleaner than before.Review from a craft beer focused guy:  Selection here is on the better end of things with lots of harder to find options, but not my go-to (see my other reviews for those spots).  Very clean inside and I've found the staff to be pleasant (usually not chatting up anyone except at the register though).Tip:  I always make it a point to stop by Crazy Bruce's for one reason.  Crazy Bruce sometimes has some misses during his ordering, and you can find Crazy Bruce clearancing overstocked craft beer at 1/2 off (check near the coolers).  I've picked up / stocked up on many fine brews that were heading out of season or wouldn't be selling otherwise.  If you're trying to maintain a craft beer lifestyle on a macro budget, this point alone is worth your trip.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,9/13/2013,258,368,3,6,3>Yes its a diner, but a very good diner! I've been frequenting this place more and more especially after a long hard day.  I head right for the dessert case....I recommend trying the carrot cake, chocolate pie, cookie dough pie and of course the apple pie.  It all looks as good as it tastes.  So that's why I've been getting into the habit of having a chocolate pie appetizer. Pros:Good location on Park Road in West Hartford. Plenty of parking on and off the street. Good selection of food from Greek salads, gyros, lamb shank to pea soup.The food is plentiful and at a good value. Credit cards are welcome! Its not a cash only place. Its a family owned business.The wait staff is terrific.  The service is prompt, on point and always served with a smile.  Ask for Valerie, Lorena or Helen.Cons: There can be a wait on Saturday and Sunday mornings.Its closes at 8pm or 9pm on most nights.Come down and give it a try!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,9/12/2013,35,116,3,3,2>The turf war on ice cream in Hamden has been going on for at least as long as I've been alive. We recently went to both places, less than a week apart and ordered the same items. Needless to say, sweet victory goes to Wentworth's.  I ordered a cup split with Nutella Hazelnut ice cream and the new (?) Coffee Oreo yogurt. The competitor version of Nutella Chip does not hold a candle to the plentiful roasted hazelnuts and immense chocolate nut flavor packed within every bite of Wentworth's ice cream.I don't expect yogurt to be as good as its ice cream counterpart, but Wentworth's Coffee Oreo frozen yogurt was great. It was creamy and thick and if I had not ordered it myself, I might have mistaken it for its higher calorie cousin. My boyfriend ordered a regular size vanilla malt. Wentworth's version was a gigantic portion of heaven. The competitor version of the shake tasted like a glass of whole milk.All in all $11 was spent, plus tip on VERY generous portions of the best frozen dessert on earth. The $9 spent at Wentworth's south side competitor may as well have been saved, and half spent on whatever half gallon was on sale at the grocery store.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,9/11/2013,896,177,2,4,4>Have always been a huge fan of Plan B....Bourbon, Beer, and Burgers.  So simple and so American.  I do favor the West Hartford location...hell I helped launch that joint when I lived around the corner, but now that I'm in Glastonbury this is where I sip my bourbon.Great beer selection and they are constantly rotating their taps.  If their beer selection is great then their bourbon selection is phenomenal. I'm a relative novice, but the bartenders here know their bourbon and never disappoint with their recommendations.Food may have dropped a notch since they first opened.  Who knows it could just be me since I order the same thing over and over.  The staff, beer, bourbon and atmosphere more than make up for it.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,9/10/2013,138,275,2,2,2>My lovely co-worker gave me a $30 certificate for my 30th birthday three months ago.  I didn't have a chance to use it until today.I came on a mellow Tuesday afternoon and was seated immediately.  Since my engagement party is this Saturday, I wanted to have nice nails for the occasion.  I chose to have the French manicure and it turned out perfect.  The manicurist took his time applying the white tips, making sure he did not mess up the nails.The man who made my nails look beauteous!  Since I am not in Berlin often, I might as well use the entire certificate amount and got a 10 minutes chair massage.  To much to my surprise, it was the best massage I've had in a long time and this guy was not even a LMT.  The employees here are very gracious and I drive eight exits to get my nails done, if I am ever in a position to treat myself.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,9/9/2013,80,717,4,5,5>I feel like the stupidest man ever. My friends and I used to travel to Queen Street from RIDGEFIELD as kids and young adults. A solid 35-40 minute drive brought us here on a regular basis, just so we could indulge in what we thought to be the greatest fried chicken experience one could have this side of the Connecticut River. I speak of course of the almighty, the exalted, the incomparable...KFC buffet...*facepalm*Had we just a half-mile's worth of adventure in us [and/or the advent of Yelp on our non-existent smartphones], we could have stumbled upon a veritably distinctive chicken experience worthy of the drive. I guess I'd have to wait until my thirties to wise up.I'm not sure what distinguishes "broasted" chicken from fried chicken. Sure, it was crispy, moist on the inside, perhaps a little under-seasoned. But c'mon, it was fried chicken. Very good fried chicken no doubt, but not so out of this world that it commands the use of a made-up adjective.I sat at the counter. Other seemingly popular dishes appeared to be the fish and chips, and oddly enough, the mac and cheese.This was cheap too. I got my own meal with a soda, plus a four piece meal to take home to Lesley Q. The total? $13.50.And to think I spent most of my life paying more than that for the privilege to stuff my gullet with unlimited crap chicken from a fast food restaurant.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,9/8/2013,257,66,2,4,2>When I normally try new restaurants, I look to yelp for the best reviews. I went with my blinders on today and stopped in at China Sea. My dining partner really dislikes Chinese Food, but he found the food to be excellent! Not greasy as some reviews mention. He ordered a Pu-Pu Platter and I ordered the Budda Delight and Veggie Lo-Mein. Excellent! The food was fresh, light, and crisp. You can order from a choice of three sauces which I thought was nice for a change since you typically get brown sauce at any Chinese establishment. Our food came out quickly and the place was pretty packed. We were impressed. We will definitely go back!I did not rate this 5 starts because the establishment can use some updating, but still a cozy ambiance.  I was shocked to see the other low reviews, but they do date back a few years. If your looking to break out of your normal chinese food routine ( we typically visit establishments in Enfield & Somers) I would give China Sea a try. You will be surprised!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,9/7/2013,5,165,4,4,3>Hell to the YES!! Very good and fun! Little dishes of glory! Pick your sides and your tacos, have a drink and CHILL. We sat outside and ate the spicy cucumbers, parmesean corn on the cob, salsa and guac...EXTREME HOT SAUCE FOR YOU LOVERS OF HEAT! Three mini tacos of your choice...the best were the fried oyster taco and the spicy shrimp taco...we polished it all off with churro's dipped in chocolate sauce....service was AMAZING...i will be back soon!!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,9/6/2013,48,116,2,4,7>It's kind of ridiculous that I haven't reviewed this place sooner, given that I've been heading here for happy hours and dinners for roughly 14 years now. Shame on me, because this place has certainly long deserved the four stars I've given it. If you have NOT been, go check it out. Willimantic could use your love. There are tons of fun and interesting beers to be had; even if you're not a beer person, they've got some cool, different local drinks (examples: Sharpe Hill's Ballet of Angels out of Pomfret, or Ashford's Westford Hill Distillers cherry or pear brandies). The service is friendly, the ambiance is relaxed and cozy (who knew former post offices could be so cool), and the food is great.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,9/5/2013,62,151,2,6,3>Beautiful, beautiful place. The "Res" is a great place to walk, run, bike, rollerblade, you name it. Personally, I really enjoy bringing the dogs and doing the roughy 3 mile loop after work.  It's a great mix of hills and flat stretches, it's paved with the exception of the mountain bike trails which makes it nice and easy to walk on. The trails bring you through the woods, alongside the reservoirs, and into gorgeous scenery. I feel incredibly safe walking or running there. No matter what time of day and what the weather is there always seems to be a fair amount of people out there exercising. Its a great place for moms to walk strollers too, I see lots of those out there. Dogs must be leashed and no one (including the dogs) is allowed in the water, so that's really the only down side.  I would love to be able to let the dogs swim, but sometimes I do let them grab a quick drink :) it can get pretty crowded on the weekends but there's more than enough space for everyone. The entrance has trash bins and they provide poop bags and a receptacle for dog waste! You can also find maps of the trails when you enter and there are port-o-lets a couple hundred feet in.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,9/4/2013,66,149,3,3,3>Natures Grocer was a delightful find in Vernon!I am a native of Rocky Hill / Glastonbury area, and I always head to Whole Foods for my nutritious needs. Finding this little grocer / bakery / cafe close to my boyfriends house was a pleasant surprise.While this is a SMALL little store, they do have a nice variety of items in all departments...(body care, home cleaners, frozen products, produce, snacks, ect.)We had to ask about the menu for the cafe, but a helpful young man showed us what they offered, and we ordered at the counter. Jeff did some shopping while we waited for our food, and paid for everything all together. I LOVED the french toast (gluten free) and turkey sausage was so yummy. Jeff's omelet was fresh and bright and delicious. The gluten free bakery is excellent! We bought triple chocolate cupcakes for a birthday celebration. They were gluten free, and dairy free, and AMAZING! Hooray for healthy!!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,9/3/2013,976,1376,3,9,5>When we moved from California to West Hartford everyone warned us about the bad Mexican food the east coast would have. Besito put that at rest for us. Having tried Mexican food all over California, Texas and in Mexico I can say Besito can hold its own weight. I enjoyed their quesadillas and fish tacos. Their pineapple juice was excellent.I REALLY enjoyed the decor. It is exceptionally decorated. I don't know about how Mexican the decor is but it's romantic and a great place for a date.Also, the worry dolls and mini churros you get were a nice touch at the end.This is a great high end Mexican restaurant if that's what you are looking for.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,9/2/2013,83,167,2,3,5>I agree with Anna E; Barcelona is one of the sexiest restaurants in West Hartford.  Its classy without being pretentious, and is a great spot for a fancy date as well as a casual night out with friends.And to second what Ronald S said; get the churros!My dad gave us a few gift cards to Barcelona, so we've been there several times this year and really doing it up.  My boyfriend and I stopped in for some Friday night libations.  Its probably been about 4-5 months since we were last there, and we were warmly greeted by Emily, the server we had last time.  She even remembered that we are both vegetarians, and brought us up to speed with the new veggie dishes that had been added to their ever-changing menu.The wine list is actually a book; a LONG book.  One can easily become overwhelmed by the amount of choices, but the servers are well trained in wine and can offer suggestions based on your preferences.Personally, I think tapas are a lot of fun.  Why commit to one menu item when you can sample and share several of them?  While I've enjoyed some of the small plates, I've had some misses too.  I've found much of the food to be on the oily side.  I once ordered a piece of fish that was served in a pool of olive oil; ugh.  However, when I sent it back, the manager came out to check in and make sure I was satisfied with the replacement dish.  Nicely done.I like that the menu changes seasonally while keeping a few things on there year-round; it really keeps things fresh and interesting.  And, my favorite night is Sunday, with half price bottles of wine.  Woo hoo!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,9/1/2013,79,190,2,8,3>Stopped by this little gem for the first time today. Really glad I did. Homemade pasta & ravioli, tons of different kinds. 5$ for a dozen plain cheese ravioli, prices rise from there according to fillings. (Walnut gorgonzola? Eggplant? Spinach? Lobster? yes please.) Bread delivered daily from an Italian bakery in the Bronx (delicious). Mozzarella braids made in New Haven for here especially. Different types of herbed vinegar and olive oil. Amicable owner gave us fig vinegar samples - weird to sample but super tasty! Also, homemade gelato - omg. The pistachio one we sampled was incredible - super fresh, the owner says they have to make more approximately ever two days because it's so popular. Got a head of roasted garlic for a dollar. They have cheese filled pasta shells. Very wonderful. Glad we made it over here.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,8/31/2013,23,731,5,10,5>I ordered take out from here. I read the reviews, and heard from a friend how good the take out is from here. Also, I heard nothing but stellar reviews on the vegan food. I haven't had vegan food in quite some time so I decided to order the General Tso's Vegan chicken (made extra spicy than normal) with brown rice substitute, a side of beef lo mein and sweet and sour chicken. The girl who picked up the phone was very sweet and informative about the contents of each dish. Food took about 1 hour and 20 minutes to deliver. So that tells me that these people make great business. The vegan general tso dish looked beautiful, and it actually looked AND tasted like chicken!!! It tasted so good! The sauce was not too sweet, which is how I prefer, not too sweet or too salty. The lo mein was okay. I definitely want to order more from here.I recommend this place for take out!
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,8/29/2013,48,117,2,6,3>Every so often the appearance of an establishment does not do justice to the wonderful, delicious creations inside. Village Cafe is one of those places.We made the trip here based on several positive Yelp reviews. Situated at the far end of the double-driveway shopping center that also includes a McDs and Ace hardware, it is far too easy to drive by, or even drive through, and miss it. I was in the parking lot and had to call to make sure it was still there!Once inside, we were greeted by a smiling waitress, who cleaned off one of the few remaining tables and invited us over. Their menu is extensive for a breakfast place, and they also have several specials chalked up on the board.I ordered one of the specials, called Collinsville Poached Eggs. What arrived was an amazingly inspired dish, consisting of a half pan-seared trout, topped by two perfectly poached eggs, with a roasted red pepper hollandiase sauce, laid atop English muffins, baby spinach and goat cheese. Not one bite passed my lips without a chorus of angels singing on high! What an absolutely delightful breakfast!Most breakfast dishes come with home fries, but it doesn't stop there...you get your choice of red bliss, Yukon gold, or Sweet potato home fries. Astounding!The tables can be tight, the coffee is self-serve, and it is rather loud inside...but these are mere trifles when compared to the culinary whim and wisdom of the kitchen. We have found our new go-to breakfast place, and hopefully it will be warm out the next time we come here, so we can sit on the patio. Three and a half cheers!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2013,8/28/2013,52,107,10,5,4>Like the smooth, sophisticated, American Spy I was... er, pretending to be - I walked inside the Delicacy Market with my sunglasses on and my trench coat collar up. I walked by the shelves full of dozens of kinds of sweet, Russian candies - wondering which to choose for my son's Russian girlfriend for her birthday. I decided to take a handful of the ones that had the picture of a cow on them since I couldn't read the language - hoping they were milk based, not cow based chocolates. It was no secret THIS was THE best Russian specialty food store in the Hartford area. Every Russian I knew said, "If you are looking for authentic Russian goods, Delicacy Market is where you need to go" - Only they said it with more phlegm and lowered brows.The lady who helped me was extremely friendly. She was either always very nice or an excellent Russian spy winning me over with her charm. She offered to show me some popular cakes my son's girlfriend would enjoy. She asked me some questions about her - what area she grew up in, did she like chocolate - secret spy interrogations no doubt. I asked her what Russian treat SHE would want for her birthday (question reversal 101 from spy school) to which she showed me two varieties of cakes she most enjoyed. She showed me one that was priced fairly low, and another priced a little high - because it was made in a very popular Russian bakery in New York, of course. "You want the smaller one?", she asked with one eyebrow raised. "No, I will take the big one, thank you." I replied. I may have wanted the smaller one, but every spy knows you take the opposite to the one offered. Or is the other way around? Hmm. She was good. Pretty, pretty, pretty good.My husband was lingering near the deli counter, looking for clues. Or salami. We read online they have large sandwiches served with house made chips and pickles, so of course we ordered one. This gave me more time to case the joint. While the owner was distracted making sandwiches, I walked the aisles. Clean. Extensive selection. Wall to wall food - so much to see, smell and wonder "what is that?" I could have spent a good hour in there just looking at all the assorted offerings - but our sandwiches were ready and the store was closing, so we went to the checkout counter quickly. They swiped my $50 bill with a secret decoder pen. Luckily there were no hidden messages to me on that one. We headed for the door and I snapped a few photos for my files, of course. (And by files, I mean my secret hidden food porn folder.)Go here. It's wonderful and an experience. Also, cheaper than flying to Russia.Tell them "Bond" sent you. "Bailey Bond".
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/27/2013,112,156,4,9,5>This place is phenomenal!  I'm not sure when or where I've had a better meal.  From wine to appetizer to lunch to service, everything is 5 stars and worth every penny.  We went to celebrate our anniversary on a gorgeous Spring day.  We started with a bottle of fruity white wine, an order of delicious, perfectly seasoned calamari and a couple of fresh salads.  I loved the Mediterranean (but as I ate, I pondered the proper way to eat an olive with a pit in it at an establishment like this, lol).  For our meals, we each had perfectly cooked and seasoned, tender, DELICIOUS hanger steak accompanied by roasted brussel sprouts and buttery polenta.  I rarely order steak out because my stomach is quite sensitive, but this steak was worth every bite...every calorie...and more.  I'm usually not a huge fan of hanging out in West Hartford (even though they have a zillion great restaurants!) only because parking and traffic annoy me, but I can honestly say that the next time we're in the mood for a nice dinner, I will be suggesting Treva!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,8/26/2013,27,85,3,6,1>Bottom line: Sushi House is a great deal if all-you-can-eat sushi is what you're looking for. When I get sushi, I'm usually paying at least $30 per person if I want 2 rolls, soup, and salad. And usually I leave feeling barely satisfied. Here, I'm only paying $20 for all-you-can-eat sushi. I manage to get all of the above, and usually more. At either the same or just barely below the same quality of fish as the more traditional places. There is sooo much on this menu, but I'll try to be concise:The mentionables: - Seaweed salad...SO good- Kuchi roll- Dragon roll- Rocky hill roll- Calamari was nice and tender (sauce is no good though)- Lumpia aka spring rolls were delish - Hot green tea is free!- Red bean ice cream = perfect refreshing dessert. Not-so-good:- Mushroom soup: I've tried it twice and it has had a burnt taste to it- If you're in a group (4+ pp), order 3-4 rolls each time because they will "forget" if you check too much- Service is inconsistent. One of the female servers we had was very on top of the drinks, orders, check, etc., but wasn't very friendly and barely responded to any questions/requests. One of the male servers was friendly but he went MIA a few times. In case you didn't know:- Croquette: tastes like mashed potatoes that have been deep fried. - When you order the tempura, it is by pieces. So if you check 1 sweet potato, you'll literally get one tempura sweet potato slice. I like this to get 1 of several different veggies and shrimp- You order by sheet and get as many sheets as you'd like. The food is made and comes per order. One of the things I really enjoy when I get sushi are unique specialty rolls. I think some of their specialty rolls are lacking a bit in creativity (or too much creativity...? mango and kiwi just didn't work in the rolls) and so it doesn't satisfy my craving when I want an orgasmic sushi surprise in my mouth. But, for $20, I get good quality sushi all-you-can-eat, with the as-expected offerings.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,8/25/2013,95,659,5,14,5>I miss Orangeside, they moved across downtown near the theatre and I don't make it over there very often.  Maybe that's for the best as I feel I put on 5 lbs with every donut I eat.  But if there were ever a perfect candidate for Orangeside's replacement, this is it.I waltzed by on Friday and peeked my head in the door and was told everything would be ready to go on monday and to come back for a free sample, and that I did.Today I walked in around 12:30 to a pristine store, everything from Orangeside gutted, new floors, counters, decor.  It was fresh & inviting.  The friendly smiles on the employees and warm welcome I received made me feel as if each employee were genuinely interested in this new venture.  The quick-service setup is simple, one we've all seen before if you've ever visited a Subway or Chipotle.   Stroll down the line and pick your options.Start with a rice bowl, salad bowl or Roti wrap.  Fill it with your choice of starch or protein (Tandoori Chicken, Lamb, Seasoned Aloo, Chana Masala or Paneer), top it with hot toppings such as Sauteed Mushrooms or Braised Spinach, add sauce like Tikka Masala, Korma or Vindaloo and then add cold toppings like sliced red onion, tomato, chutneys or raita.Usually when I order at chipotle I have a fear that something I put on my burrito will kill the flavor or something else, or sometimes I fear it'll just be bland.  Not the case here, everything was so flavorful and blended together really well.  Each and every layer was spiced perfectly.I was also offered a sample of the Mango Lassi on the way out and it was cool & refreshing.For $6 I was able to get enough food to make me want to take a nap afterwards.  This is great addition to downtown!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,8/24/2013,132,600,4,2,3>Cows go Moooooo. We go Mmmmm.  Really, this is the epitome of an ice cream shack. Fresh ice cream (with a farm store attached with fresh CT vegetables and fruit.But this is all about the ice cream.  And not just vanilla and chocolate (though they have that) but Mint Brownie, or Vanilla M&M or Banana Chocolate Chip.They even had some Spicy Chocolate, which is chocolate ice cream with a spicy afterbite. Pretty crazy (and crazy good if you like this sort of thing).  Best of all, they are extremely allergy friendly. Told them someone in our party was allergic to peanuts and they offered to sanitize the scoop and serve it to avoid the allergies. Wow. Cool stuff.If you haven't gone, this HAS to be on your summer to do list. You have been warned.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,8/23/2013,46,93,2,5,4>I literally stumbled upon this place while cutting between 189 and 179 in Granby while coming back from visiting my horse.  Although I wasn't planning on an afternoon wine tasting, this place was busy enough on a Sunday afternoon that I figured I could slip in and check it out.  This vineyard turns out to be a perfect mix of relaxed atmosphere with a beautiful backdrop.  We ended up grabbing a bottle, ordering an antipasto plate, and kicking up our boots on the comfy wicker furniture on the deck.  We were able to have such great conversations with fellow guests and owners that we ended up stayed for a few hours:).Some people brought their own picnic, others ordered plates of cheeses and antipasto.  Guests milled about the lawns, visiting the grapes and nearby horses.  I also liked that groups of all sorts were congregated there - college kids, first dates, family gatherings, quiet couples.      So as long as they keep letting me in with my barn boots on, I might just become a regular :)
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,8/22/2013,108,203,3,6,5>Great experience!We went for lunch after my little sis recommended we give it a try. It was fairly quiet at lunch, which gave me plenty of time to peruse the selections without getting in anyone's way. They had a full salad bar, which looked lovely--I skipped right to the main attraction, however. A create-your-own noodle bar with tons of choices had my attention! Lo mein, udon and rice noodles to start, then add your own veggies and choose your proteins (chicken, beef, bacon, shrimp, sausage, etc.). Then, choose your sauce from at least 8 choices, or if you're indecisive like me, mix your favorites. Then bring it all to the large circular grill and the magic begins. This place is great for anyone who is picky and those who have bottomless stomachs. For $9 for lunch and $16 for dinner, you can go up as many times as you want and with endless combinations, why wouldn't you? If you have any room after that, there is an ice cream bar to top off your meal. Oh and use the Yelp check in--you get a free beer! (whaaat?!)Service was friendly, food is what you make of it (and how much you can handle!) and the decor is clean and bright--awesome place!
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,8/21/2013,8,62,2,4,2>My wife and I have many pets. We also foster animals and on occasion have adopted the pets we've fostered. A good vet for us is important.  We first moved to Meriden 12 years ago and tried a local vet.  Shortly after I met Dr. Efron as he was volunteering where I worked.  Not only did he immediately become my vet, but he gave the kids I worked with complete tours of the vet office.  Soon after Dr. Efron semi-retired as he sold Crowmell Animal Hospital to the VCA.  We still love Dr. Efron, but have been working with Dr. Hurley for the past eight years.  We are very picky about our vets, but we love Dr. Hurley.  He's been with us through the good times, the bad, and the downright sad.  He always spends the extra time with us and has the best dog and cat bedside manner.  He's very knowledgible and cares for his patients and overprotective pet parents like us. I feel comfortable calling him there and he has always called us to check on our pets.  My human doctor never calls me.  Although I love the vets at the VCA and  would give the VCA a five, but I feel they are a bit pricey, but for the service that you get, it's worth the extra money.  If we didn't love the people that work there, we probably would have switched a while ago.  changed my rating:  went from a four to a five.   I have been thinking about it and all the vets we've been to.  The fosters we have to take to other vets and I've also been to other vets for after hours emergency care.   It's 25 minutes from our house and we wouldn't go anywhere else.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,8/20/2013,412,837,4,10,10>My good friend Rushie took me to this place today. She lives close by and has been going here for about a year. The owners are incredibly sweet. Service is just as sweet.The cuisine is a mix of Thai, Vietnamese, Chinese, and Korean. The young man who greets the guests told me it was essentially a Thai place so I stuck with my larb gai.It was a little on the dry side but flavor was good. They not only brought out a condiment tray which had the sambal oelek/garlic chili paste, dried chilis, sriracha, and the chinese hot peppers in oil, but also a home made hot pepper sauce. The owner told me they did not use fish sauce! I'm not sure I believe that because I thought I tasted some in the special hot pepper sauce.It is the family atmosphere that makes me give 5 stars. I will return and explore some of their non-thai items.BTW, I read the filtered reviews. I get why they were filtered but I think they are genuine!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,8/19/2013,86,169,3,5,4>Yelp made me do it. Granted, I didn't protest. Not at all.I'm still not protesting.Since Freesia S.'s February review, Relic has moved into their larger tasting room, which had plenty of space for the fairly steady stream of tasters and customers who came in on a Saturday afternoon. I came with a small group of Yelpers on a UYE, and found a pair of knowledgeable and interested people behind the bar, one of them the owner and brewmaster. They know their product, they care deeply about it, they love to talk about it, and even if they weren't serving me beer I could talk with them for hours.Better yet, they were serving me beer.When I asked how often they changed brews, the answer was a prompt "all the time." I tasted each of the six very different styles available today, and each showed both an affection for its original style, and an inventive quirkiness as well. There was always an additional layer of flavor I didn't quite expect, and it often worked very well indeed. For example, I've had some unfortunate experiences with wheat beers, but their Calypso wheat added a nice hop finish that suited the sweetness very well.It wasn't hard to go home with a couple of 32 ounce growlers. It was much harder to figure out what to put in them. I finally chose from both ends of the spectrum: Halcyon, a somewhat mellow English style ale, and their Queen Anne's Revenge Porter, which has a lot of dark complexity. Thanks to signage restrictions, it's a little difficult to see Relic from the street. It's a low, old-style brick building, set back from the road with a large parking lot. Of the two marked doors, choose the one on the right. I wonder what they'll have on my next visit?
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,8/18/2013,53,66,2,9,3>Hubby and I went out this afternoon for a little joy ride in his new (to him) Miata and noticed a sign on the road advertising healthy food. Beings as we both like to eat health AND delicious food, and the fact that we were both hungry, we decided to stop and give it a try.Lisa is the proprietor (she's a big-time Marilyn Monroe fan) and she will lovingly prepare you a salad, panini, or wrap to order. She offers 17 different wraps/paninis and 6 salads, but, as mentioned in Nancy's review, she will custom make the salad, panini, or wrap of your dreams. We both went with a wrap (she has a variety of wraps available, including tomato basil, spinach, and even GF!). Hubby went with the Vegetarian (tomato, cucumber, red onion, roasted red peppers, feta, and hummus), and I had Marilyn's Chicken (grilled chicken breast, tomato, mozzarella, and herb mayo). Lisa threw both on the panini grill for a few minutes, something I've never had done with a wrap before. Delicious! I'm normally not a big fan of wraps because they taste so darn doughy, but the time on the panini press took that doughy taste away. Marilyn's also offers a limited breakfast menu as well as family-sized comfort meals to go (think shepard's pie, mac & cheese, pot pies, and lasagna). They serve up to 8 people for between $25-$30. An excellent deal for a meal made with love.Order at the counter and Lisa will bring your meal to your table. There's even outdoor seating available, but only 1 or 2 small tables for two. Be sure to try one of over a dozen different flavor's of Hosmer Soda, made in Willimantic, CT!Closed Monday's.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,8/17/2013,80,172,3,6,2>Tucked in the corner of the SuperPet Plaza, I was surpised to find such a great place.  Searched for something new and found a good one. They have a great large menu loaded with a diverse array of options. I stopped in to get take out for lunch. The Tortilla Soup was pretty awesome. Loaded with fresh veggies including carrots, potatoes, tomatoes, and fresh avocado, as well as nice chunks of chicken. Very Hearty. I also got a chicken burrito which was grilled on the outside crisping it up.  The rice was kinda wet making it a little messy, and I'd probably hold the lettuce next time, but overall, a good burrito, especially with the fresh avocado...yum! I can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,8/16/2013,128,184,,6,1>Pilin' on w/ the 4 stars. There's an argument for 5. Beer selection is wonderfully eclectic, as are the specialty cocktails. We stuck w/ the little plates both times here; worked well. 1st time we were on our way to a wine benefit around the corner, and stopped here for a bit before. The menu changes, so the pork belly that I got is unlikely to be there now, but then again, something else very worthy will certainly be there.Fellow diners tend to be on the eccentric side, which is also a plus. I noted the diner to our right's  onion rings looked particular evil, and he offered them to us as he was full. The tasted even better than they looked, but are a coronary waiting to happen. The second time there, a friend from NYC was in town and we were on the way to a cookout but had some time to kill. We got the beer flight for liquid refreshment; all tasty, well-chosen, some you'd recognize (Dogfish 90 min IPA), some perhaps not t worked, but the cocktails are just so over-the-top that I'll tend toward that the next time. We were short on time, so ate at the leather couch just inside the entrance. Salads and ceviche... latter with corn chips, which seemed to have been made in shoppe. Parking was convenient; we'd been fortunate enough to park right out front both times. Service has been decent and great; I found the bartenders service better so will go straight to the bar next time.It caters to the local big sports company, and games are on the TVs. It kind of a pub atmosphere, w/ undertones of trendy. You can wear a suit and tie or shorts and sandals, and neither would get a batted eyelash.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/15/2013,99,207,4,3,3>What drew me here was the brussels sprouts pizza. What will bring me back is the awesome atmosphere and cool vibe. The bar was great and the bartenders knowledgeable. They are known as a bourbon bar, but I stuck with beer for my first time here and they had a lot available both on tap and in bottles. Would love to talk more to the bartenders and try some of the bourbon drinks. This place is uber small, so be prepared for a wait if you arrive during peak dining hours. However, the pizzas come out fast and service is prompt so the wait is very bearable. I was really happy with the pizza, although if you came here for traditional pies you may be disappointed. Lots of inventive topping combos on the menu that I will look forward to trying. I thought the brussels sprouts pizza was very good, although could have done with more salt and more of the sprout. The only other detraction is the noise level. Be prepared to yell to your dining companions.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2013,8/14/2013,57,93,3,7,5>The location almost made me turn around. I'm really glad I stayed put!  I've ordered take-out from here three times - all sushi orders. I'm very picky about sushi - I demand fresh ingredients, I want creative rolls, and I like variety.  Hana Sushi offers all three. The rolls I ordered were delicious and very fresh. I loved their use of lemon and other not often seen ingredients. They offered rolls that I couldn't order anywhere else. They were gorgeous and plump - no skimping here at all.Their dining room is small, a little chaotic looking, and during one visit there's a small child running around that belongs to one of the employees. Take-out seems to be the biggest part of their business. There was construction on the street, but getting in and out of the parking lot wasn't a problem. The woman who greeted me was friendly and excited when I told her it was my first time visiting. She greeted regulars and remembered their favorite orders. This place is a little out of the way for me, but worth the trip.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2013,8/13/2013,81,208,4,3,4>Ron's Kitchen food truck has been haunting my must check out list for a while. So when they came into my area, I had to try them. Ron, the owner, is a super friendly guy and a pleasure to talk to. Who doesn't like doing business with nice peeps?Ron's formula for success is simple: have a select menu prepared with excellent basic ingredients for reasonable prices. Sprinkle with a dash of a chef's attention to detail. The menu on my first visit was chicken fajitas, steak fajitas, and herbed pork BLT.I had the herbed pork BBLT. I'm not a big pork eater and this sandwich was excellent. They also offer Boylan's soda, Coca Cola,  and Deep River chips. Did I mention that you can use your Credit Card here?! Oh yes, Ron is hooked up with an iPhone with the square. So no need to stop by the ATM before hitting up his establishment. For this ease of use alone, I have to give him a big old "smart entrepreneur" star.They have a rotating menu. Follow them on Facebook to see their current menu.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,8/12/2013,357,375,3,9,5>Everyone I'd talked to about this place was surprised I'd never been before. Once I got here, I was surprised myself. I met up with an old college roommate for dinner at Max Burger, and everything - the food, the experience, the ability to park with ease in West Hartford Center - was really, really good. Max Burger is in a great location with a small private lot and lots of metered parking in the area, and the restaurant itself is pretty big inside. The bar was packed before dinnertime, and tables were starting to fill up, but my friend and I were able to get a table right away around 5:30. I ordered the Kobe Fun Guy, and it blew me away - juicy kobe beef patty cooked perfectly medium as I ordered it, complemented by a flavorful truffled mushroom spread, fried onion straws that added crunch, french onion aioli that added more onion flavor, and fresh arugula that added great texture and spicy depth, all on a soft artisan roll. This work of art was beautiful on its own, but it was also served with an au poivre dipping sauce, which was a savory, meaty, smooth gravy that brought it all together even more. The Kobe Fun Guy was a little pricier than the other burger options, but it was worth it. This burger was so good, I wanted to eat more than I did, but I couldn't, and I had to take half home - it was also very big. I got regular fries on the side, which were a little soggy and oily, but they were fine, and I didn't really care because my burger was so good. In terms of drinks, there were some interesting cocktails, and my friend got one. I might look more into the cocktails next time, but for this first visit, I stuck to a nice, cold beer to go with my burger. There weren't many taps, but what they had was quality. Our waitress was friendly and checked on us just enough, and we got our food in a good amount of time, too.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,8/11/2013,103,163,3,6,4>What can I say about Harvest that hasn't already been said in a million other Yelp reviews? This place is fantastic, particularly for breakfast. My first ever experience with it was when a coworker brought in a quiche for a holiday party, and I knew I would have to visit to try all of their other dishes ASAP.Even ordering a morning beverage is a pleasure. I love that they're always offering a special daily coffee flavor. Most recently when I went, it was snickerdoodle - yeah, a cookie in a cup. Such a delightful way to start off a meal.The menu is full of great, varied options. I typically lean towards protein-y breakfasts, so lucky for me their corned beef hash is absolutely delicious. Despite my carnivorous tendencies, I cannot and will not say no to their long list of specialty breads. My favorite is the anadama, which is chock full of hearty grains. They also have Irish soda bread, cinnamon swirl, sweet potato biscuits... just to name a few. It is a bakery, however, and they have about a gazillion others to choose from.Fairly sure this place also has full catering services... nowall I need is an excuse to have a breakfast party.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,8/10/2013,44,145,3,6,4>This review is based strictly on brunch. I love Brunch, its a wonderful concept.  For some reason Central CT is kind of missing out on Brunch.  Its been brought up in "Talk", people ask where to go, but there's only a few weak answers. Since Half Door is one of the few places in the area that advertises a brunch I decided to go for it.  My husband and SIL came this past Sunday, around noon-time and sat outside.  I kind of rashly made this decision because I was excited to see the outdoor tables but it was so hot that day we probably should have sat inside.  Maybe we would have gotten faster service too.  The outdoor area consisted of 8-10 sturdy plastic tables and chairs, and some nice flowers on the fence wall to block off the subway sandwich place next door.  There was one other table with people outside and I'd say the inside was half full, and it was cool and dark in there.  But what can I say--I'm also in love with the concept of not just brunch but brunch outside. ha. Anyway, aside from the somewhat slow service--the food was awesome.  I had the scrambled egg "nest"....I read the description but was still kind of unsure exactly what this "nest" would entail.  But the combo option I picked for the scrambled eggs: "bacon, mushrooms, american cheese" was just too good to pass up. It_WAS_AWESOME.  It was all I've ever wanted in an egg entre. Plenty of bacon, delicious mushrooms, and cheese--all stuffed inside a bread bowl--about 2/3 of the bowl was hollowed out, then they left 1/3 of it in tact to eat, and it was lightly toasted.  Man it was perfect.  I could have used some jelly for it but just dipping it in the eggs was good too.  It was the perfect hangover food, it was almost a waste to eat it while not hungover (I was the DD last night).  So next time I hand over the keys, I'm ordering this the next morning.  My husband got the scottish eggs benedict, which looked fun--a hardboiled egg, wrapped in sausage and fried--right up his alley.  My SIL got the french toast bites and they were nicely presented and topped with strawberries. If I weren't such a glutton for eggs and cheese I would have been interested in that also. Ok so...before you ask on "Talk" again, just go here for brunch.  You'll have to park on the street but there are a few quieter side streets around that were easy to park on.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/9/2013,119,143,3,7,4>What a cool place!  I popped in here on a Sunday afternoon wanting some ice cream.  I didn't know what to expect as I mostly remember this place as the 7-11 where my sister's bike was stolen circa 1984.  It's now WAY better than a 7-11.  Other reviewers have noted that the soda selection is amazing!!  I only got a sugar cone of some fantastic Shady Glen (of Manchester) Cookies and Cream, which was delicious! The ice cream appears to be prices around a Ben and Jerry's cone price.  $7.50 for two small cones.I walked all around the place to check out their goods.  Groceries, snacks, tons of beverages, bagels/breakfast sammies.  I live in the nabe and will DEFINITELY be back for breakfast, snacks and more ice cream cones.  For me the thing which would put it over the top: Beer.I think they're owned by Harvest Spirits which is a few miles north on Farmington Ave.  It'll be super cool if they could combine these places into one location.  I think the ice cream and other goodies will be a hit though, because it's right across the street from a public pool and park.check it out!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,8/8/2013,245,117,6,15,7>I don't understand why Pho 99 only has 12 reviews, and 501 has 50+. TRAVEL A LITTLE FURTHER DOWN THE STREET PEOPLE, THIS ONE IS BETTER! I'm sorry for yelling.Now that I have your attention. This place is great! It's the only Pho in CT that I've gone back to more than once. (this includes a weekend i went 2 days in a row). Every time I walk in I'm greatly greeted by, who my friends and I have deemed "the happy man." The Happy Man greets us loudly, smiling from ear to ear, and as he seats us tells us all about a certain item on the menu and how we should definitely try it. He's great. The menu (as opposed to 501) is extensive enough, they have an assortment of fresh spring rolls as well as fried; AND they are delishhhh. It's a pet peeve of mine when Vietnamese restaurants here don't serve the fried spring roll with lettuce and fish sauce, BUT THEY DO HERE! Now to the important stuff. The Pho? It's decent. The menu allows for a customizable version of beef pho, i think chicken pho, and even bun bo hue if you so please. (all this is in comparison to 501, where your only option is beef noodle soup-----and they don't even have menus.) The broth is good, fresh plate of bean sprouts, mint, and limes. They were quick and happy to deliver extra onions we requested. They have slow water refills. The happy man also suggested one day that we go from some of their boba. Taking his request my friend and I got Taro and Honeydew. The drinks too what we felt was unacceptably long to make (we could see her making them, she just kepttttt stirring), however upon receipt of the drinks, we determined that THEY WERE MADE WITH LOVE. Oh so good. Oh so refreshing. Perfect. Perfect flavor and freshness to provide a nice contrast to a hot bowl of pho. I'm so happy i live down the street from this place---i'll be back plenty. I'm sure that makes the happy man, happier.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/7/2013,250,122,4,7,3>I have never been to Olive Garden. Why bother when you have Angellino's in town?!The first time I came here I had their chicken parm, which is BOMB. Years later, and foolishly in love with it, I still find it difficult ordering something else - it's just really that good! My go-to nowadays is the eggplant parm. Really, I haven't found a place nearby that can compare. The eggplant is delicately sliced and breaded, and the chicken is perfect - crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. I easily make this into 2 meals every time, their portions are 'ginormous'. They always serve bread with an oven-baked clove of garlic, real nice touch. Haven't had a chance to try out their large wine list, I'm usually too food-drunk to even bother but from what I've seen - it's a respectable selection. Full bar has your typical drafts on hand, no micro-brews or anything "fancy"Service is just OK. I would say avoid Sunday brunch/lunch time. I've noticed that this is when they typically try their new wait staff. During the week though, the lunch and dinner times are fine. Huge parking lot, so that's never an issue and they also have a really great lunch special. Been meaning to come try it, I know most of the menu is $10-12, you really can't beat that for some decent Italian. From what I've been told, regular prices are comparable to that of Olive Garden.Like they say, " If you find something precious you have to hold onto it with all your might and never let it go". And quite frankly, I don't think there are many things that can top the chicken/veal/eggplant parm. That, and I just really don't want to be disappointed if there is. So perhaps the next time I'm here I may stray from the path of parmigiana, but really - probably not.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,8/6/2013,4,18,2,3,2>This restaurant is truly a gem. My boyfriend and I went here for a date night and had a delicious meal. Unfortunately, because there were limited non-seafood choices, and he is allergic,  he doesn't want to go back. Can you say "girls night?" I got a glass of red sangria, which was the best I've ever had. The waitress gave us a little dish of marinated olives, which complimented the drink. We ordered a baked herbed cheese tapa to start, which was covered in a a light tomato sauce. On the fresh bread provided, it was amazing, just bursting with flavor. I ordered the paella, which did not have the signature crust on the bottom, but was still spiced and cooked well. For dessert, we got the orange flan, which was a wonderful treat. I was satisfied and felt amazing, a sign that a meal isn't just nourishment but a "spiritual" experience that I think only the Mediterranean cultures can pull off so perfectly. My only complaint was that the waitress waited forever to bring us our bill. The manager/owner came to check on us, and I think he could tell I was annoyed because I was immediately like "Everything is great. Can we get the bill though?" Our waitress came back looking like he might have yelled at her a bit. Sorry to get you in trouble, sweetie, but we'd been waiting for the check for almost half an hour. Not sure why we were forgotten, but not even that could taint the experience because of how amazing the food was.Also, if you want a multi-course meal, with booze, be prepared to spend some money. Our bill, with tip, was about $75. A little more than I'd planned on spending, but the food was worth it. I will be back.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,8/5/2013,5,71,2,4,3>I love Sonny's Place! I'm so glad there is something like this in the Enfield area.  Since the place opened a few years ago, they have been steadily adding on to make this a mecca of family entertainment.  I love the batting cages, go-carts, and the mini-golf.  The place gets really crowded on the weekend but I've never really seen it so crowded that you couldn't do what you wanted.  They also have a full refreshment stand with typical arcade-type fare- hot dogs, hamburgers, fries, etc.  I think their soft serve is awesome so it's definitely worth a try- and pretty cheap.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,8/4/2013,22,76,2,5,2>My girlfriend and I were in the area for a Brewfest 2013 at Ski Sundown this past weekend, and we decided to grab a late lunch before checking in at the event. As always, I turned to my Yelp app for dining advice. Passiflora was the first location on the list. With an already good rating, we decided it was a pretty safe bet for the area.Parking was a breeze as there was a road-side spot open right in front of the entrance. Upon walking in, you're greeted with a room filled with shelves of teas and spices. That gives you that real "made on the spot" feeling. As we walked into the dining area, we were greeted, took a seat, and were brought some menus. My girlfriend ended up ordering the Apricot Almond Chicken Salad Wrap, and I had the Orcanic Grilled Cheese Melt with a cup of Portabella and Potato soup. The way the floorplan is, I was able to watch the employees prepare our food. Given the uprising of TV shows that showcase some terrible restaurants around the country, this is exactly the type of open environment that more shops need nowadays! The food prep didn't take long at all, and I was happy to see the employee wearing a fresh set of gloves while making our lunch.The cheese melt was sinfully delicious, the soup was light yet hearty, and the chicken salad wrap was perfectly complimented by the apricots! Nothing screams "success" like having a lunch that curbs your conversation because you can't stop eating. The flavors in both meals were spot on and I couldn't have asked for anything better for lunch! Not only were both of us full, but we didn't feel weighed down by unhealthy food. Between the excellent flavors and the fresh, organic ingredients, Passiflora certainly fullfilled everything we look for in a meal!Since our lunch was healthy, we didn't feel guilty ordering a chocolate chip cookie to split while we got ready to pay. From checking in on Yelp, I was awarded a 10% off coupon, which I was able to redeem on the spot. To be completely honest, the chocolate chip cookie was so good, I could've walked out the door with EVERY cookie they had!! All in all, this was a VERY successful lunch stop and it practically over-shadowed the Brewfest event!! My only complaint was that everything looked pretty good and picking just one dish was quite an ordeal. I just wish that this was closer to home so that I could try more items on the menu. I would certainly recommend Passiflora to anybody looking for a healthy, delicious breakfast or lunch! We'll most likely be taking a trip back here in the not-too-distant future.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2013,8/3/2013,47,56,2,4,2>The Bidwell Tavern is a classic Coventry landmark. Famous for their wings, the Bidwell makes a significant impression on the majority of people who visit this beacon of wings and beer. I've been to the Bidwell several times since I was an undergrad at ECSU. I visited last week for drinks and apps on their patio. Their appetizer selection is decent. Since I'm a pescetarian, we didn't order wings.  We ordered nachos and calamari which came out relatively quickly and paired well with out black and tans. Although, typical bar fare the calamari was fried perfectly with a medium amount of batter and decent marinara for dipping. The nachos were pretty much run of the mill, but one can't complain too much about tortilla chips and melted cheese. The Bidwell acclimates to many seasons. It was great to be on the patio under the shade of an umbrella in the summer. In the winter, the bar area is warm and cozy and heats up with a wood burning stove. A great place to go for a meal and drinks with friends.
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,8/2/2013,154,96,2,3,3>The shrimp arepa is delicious, and the portion is quite generous!  They have both a lunch truck near the Medical School and also a restaurant on High Street down from Chocopologie. I've only been to the restaurant, and both times ordered arepas.  Both the carnitas and shrimp arepas are quite generous.  They are super flavorful, stacked high with great texture.  The arepa's got some cheese mixed in and it is just perfectly cooked.  Even the next day reheated the arepas are good.  My dining companion got a veggie empanada that was just okay - but why would you forego carnitas and shrimp for veggies I don't understand. Just a note - the hibiscus house drink they have is too syrupy sweet. Skip that and get yourself some guacamole.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2013,8/1/2013,87,141,10,6,6>Tucked away in this nondescript location, across from Miya's sushi, lies one of New Haven's lesser known treasures.  And by "treasures," I mean sources of such scorchingly hot Indian food that I can't help but wonder who died in order to secure these recipes.  Whoever they were... sorry, but worth it.The atmosphere, if you can call it that, is a little on the, uh, minimal and/or strange side.  There's a bunch of pictures on the wall representing various aspects of Indian culture, though I can't speak to what they represent specifically because I was too busy pounding water to speak.However, if you love Indian music videos, you are gonna fuckin' love this place.We ordered some garlic naan, lamb saag, and shrimp vindaloo, which was apparently created in the depths of Hell.The naan was quite good, and the saag was an interesting, really enjoyable dish with subtle but complementary flavors.They asked us how hot we wanted the vindaloo.  We were feeling brave.  Perhaps too brave.  Like Icarus, we sought to fly too high.  We learned.That shit is hot.  Like, legit hot.  Luckily, our server continued to bring out pitcher after pitcher of water.  They also gave us a complementary order of naan, which is great for absorbing Hellfire.Honestly, it was pretty great.  Despite the temperature being about 67 degrees in there, I broke an honest sweat.  I guess I can skip cardio today, huh?The portions felt a little small for about 15/plate, but I definitely left full, so perhaps that's just the deceptive presentation.  They also gave us some rice pudding to try, though it smelled sort of like suntan lotion, which freaked out my date.  I ate it, obviously, because I'm a sick weirdo.Overall, I really enjoyed the experience, and while I might not quite order something so spicy I end up sobbing uncontrollably later, the food was excellent, the service was good, and I finally got to watch some awesome Indian music videos.Score.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,7/31/2013,5,12,3,4,2>Yes, you may have to wait (the first time, see my tip below), but it is WORTH IT.  This is the best pizza I've ever put in my mouth, and the key is consistency.  Because they are so picky about who makes the pizzas (small staff exclusively or almost only family), everyone know what they are doing, so you never get a sub-par pie.  I've also had Pepe's and while it's sometimes almost as good as Sally's, it's often much worse.  Ok, that said, I will move on to my tips for eating here.  I have several.First, every time you go, you should plan ahead and make a reservation for the next time you want to come.  Unless you have some kind of secret connection that I never had, this is the only way I have figured out how to make a reservation.  You have to do it in person with Flo at the back table.  Don't be intimidated.  She is always very nice about it.  Then, on your reservation day, you can just walk past the crowd waiting outside and smile.Second, if you forget to make a reservation go at 6:30.  That seems to be when the first crowd that gets in 5 is starting to leave and tables start opening up.  8 might be another good time to try, but I've never tried it.  Also, rainy days and St. Patrick's Day are good days to go when few people are there.Third, bring cards.  This will give you something to do while waiting on your pizza (it will be a while--remember, only a couple people make the pizzas, but this results in high quality and consistency--think of it as couture pizza).  Also, if Lorenzo is your waiter, he will entertain you with a card trick.Fourth, everyone is different about what they like on their pizza, but I highly recommend NOT loading it down with too many toppings. My favorites are the clam pizza (white, no mozz), the red pie (New Haven style--garlic and no mozz, just a light grating of hard cheese), and the potato rosemary pie (sounds strange, but it is like heaven in your mouth).  The eggplant parm pizza is also wonderful if you want something a little richer.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,7/30/2013,803,1274,9,10,12>"Drive up Route 44 and turn by the giant 9' tall rocking chair...."  What ????Yes, there really is a giant 9' tall rocking chair standing guardian at one of the entrances to Old Avon Village The big rocking chair started it's life as a roof ornament on the old Spinning Jenny furniture store in West Hartford. When the store owners moved the business to Avon, they took along their 9' tall rocker and it quickly became a landmark as the symbol for Old Avon Village. It's been repaired and repainted a few times over the year, and on one windy day it was blown off its foundation and ended up in the street.It is very noticeable from the road. Many a wedding photo has been taken in front of the Giant Rocker.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,7/29/2013,397,324,7,8,4>Ever find yourself hungry at midnight but too lazy to cook because you don't have any food or you hate doing dishes?  The Jerk Pit is opened at the weirdest hour! I don't know the exact hours but they're open at like 2AM on the weekend because they cater to the partying crowd. I've had food from the Jerk Pit multiple times in the past recent month. I don't normally eat chicken but sucked it up and had jerk chicken and fried chicken for the sake of trying it out this month.  The fried chicken here is amazing! They make a home made chicken dip. The sauce is sweet and I'm assuming sugarcane based? I have no idea but the sweet and tangy goes very well with the fried chicken. For $6 you get fried chicken and rice and peas. That's not a bad deal at all!! What I love about this place is that they serve fried plantains with their meals! Most Jamaican places charge extra but here Ms. Beverly and her crew throw three slices on top for me all the time- its much appreciated! Oh another thing you can ask for white or dark meat if you call in your order!!On a side note- their rice is not cooked with coconut milk because for some coconut milk can cause gastrointestinal side effects.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,7/28/2013,222,115,3,5,4>So with all this recent talk of Indian food on Yelp, you guys had me hankering for some of it today!Location - the restaurant is located in a strip mall off Saybrook Road.  It might be difficult to miss as the sign doesn't really stand out as it's coupled with other signs from accompanying businesses within the strip mall as well.  Parking is adequate.  The front door was wide open and there's nobody to greet you as you enter as I have encountered at other Indian restaurants.  Today, as I entered, I was greeted by crowds of people sitting at tables eating and chatting away.  Then I saw a queue snaking it's way in the middle of the restaurant so I immediately joined it.Aesthetics - The place is a bit on the small side with lots of tables that cater for families.  Hardly any tables for couples or single folk like myself today.  Small enough that I saw  families having to sit at two separate tables and converse across the aisles.  Maneuvering between the aisles with one's food is a task as you do have to be careful that you're not jostled thereby spilling your food tray because there are people waiting for their number order to be called, waiting for their take out, or on their way to the counter as they heard their order number called.  I actually went  to the bathroom after my meal today and it was clean though also small as well.  Seating tables don't have napkins or plastic cutlery but instead can be found next to the cashier/order area.  That area also serves as the area where your food trays are to be emptied of remaining food and returned.  Sitting next to the table for returned food trays, napkins, and plastic cutlery is a small fridge housing soft drinks for purchase.Behind the order counter, there is a glass window and you can see about 5 chefs actually preparing, cooking, and serving the food then it is passed to one individual who assembles the tray and calls your number.  With this scene, you know that the meal is prepared fresh!Menu - is up on the wall and also you can find menu located next to the register.  If you're unfamiliar with Indian food and names, then it's probably best to ask the cashier/staff or do some quick research of what these strange Indian names of dishes look like.  I asked about the lunch buffet as I didn't see one around and was told that they recently stopped it.  No reason was given and I didn't pursue the topic any further.  I asked for a recommendation and was told to try the 'Thali' as that dish encompasses everything you can find/get on the buffet.Service - Staff was pleasant.  My questions were answered about the absence of the lunch buffet and what to choose.  After placing my order and pulled out my credit card, the cashier said they only take credit cards with a minimum order amount of $15 so I added a drink and it still didn't come up to the amount.  I told him to add an appetizer but instead he decided to take my order with the credit even though it was well under the $15 limit...what a nice guy!Food - The food came in a large metal tray with various little compartments for the various items of food including several Styrofoam cups with various sauces. The dish I ordered was the 'Thali' which was rice, 2 chapathy, 3 vegetables, papadum, dal, sambar, rasam, dessert, yogurt & a pickle though I didn't see a pickle amongst my meal.  The meal was an explosion of taste and touched off all the taste groups in my mouth - sweet, salty, sour, and bitter!  In addition to the explosion of all these wonderful tastes that I was experiencing in my mouth, the beautiful colors of the food made me feel as if I was in a spice shop in Indian itself.Rating - 4/5!  Really was worth eating here today!  Very tasty, not disappointed at all, and I was very healthy as well!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,7/27/2013,19,58,2,5,2>Bencar Building Systems is a general contracting company that I hired when a snowstorm left me needing major home repairs. The owner, Mark Benson, is a great guy; easy to work with, attentive to the customer, willing to listen to concerns or answer questions, and shows up every day to check on the work being done.  In my case, the job was large enough that he brought in subcontractors to do some of the work but for smaller jobs, it's all done by his own guys.  I couldn't have been happier with his direct employees; they were here for over a month and I got to know them pretty well.  They all worked hard, showed up on time, cleaned up before they left, and did great work.  They were friendly and accommodated my needs since my house was basically torn apart for the duration of the repairs.  They even loved my dogs!I wasn't as happy with the subcontractors, however.  The guy who put in my carpeting was terrific, as was the one who repaired my ceilings.  We had a palladium window replaced and that went well.  I was underwhelmed by the guy Mark brought in to do the interior painting and the floor refinisher did a pretty bad job.  Mark didn't argue with me about the quality of the work; his own guy repainted the areas that I didn't like and, since we didn't want to move out of the house again to have the floors redone, he refunded me on that portion of the job.  I have since used Mark to replace a couple of more windows and his own employee did that and they turned out great.  I would definitely recommend Bencar Building Systems if you need a GC, but I would suggest you make sure Mark's crew does the work themselves.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,7/26/2013,88,253,2,4,3>We visited Rizzuto's on a gorgeous spring afternoon and chose to sit outside. Good food, good company, good service and beautiful weather make for a perfect dining experience. We ordered the Funghi pizza and it was delicious! The bacon was a bit on the salty side but it's bacon and bacon can only be but so problematic. Our server was very attentive and even offered my son a free bowl of ice cream at the end. The menu is interesting without being overdone so I am excited about returning to sample more of their fare.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,7/25/2013,55,59,3,5,3>we actually set out to hit up the patio at lime bar on a particularly nice sunday afternoon. we made a last minute decision to check out tower view pizza and i can't tell you how glad i am we did. we had the patio to ourselves for the bulk of our visit. the service was friendly and we wanted for nothing. sweetie and i shared a greek salad and a white pizza with jalapeños, washed down with a few long trail pollinators. everything was delicious and beyond reasonable in price. i should also mention that their house italian dressing mimics that of a hometown pizza shop that i haven't found anywhere else in the world. seriously.we don't get out that way often but will definitely keep this place in our pizza/patio rolodex!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,7/24/2013,79,188,4,5,3>I came here for a private party, so I can't comment on the pricing. What I have learned from living as a vegetarian for several decades is to keep the expectations very low when it comes to catered events and private parties. I'll pack a granola bar or three in my purse, as I've learned that to many ill-informed people, "vegetarian" means someone who will eat chicken or fish. With that said, I left Casa Mia Ristorante completely satisfied. The waiters, seeming more like family, even did the "eat, eat" routine. One said, "you leave full. I don't want you to have to stop at another restaurant after." They were beyond accommodating. Vegans could eat here. Those with gluten issues could eat here. The amount of food served was ridiculous-- if you had to skip one course for whatever reason, it would not have mattered. First, bottles of wine. Soda. Water. Then, fresh, warm bread. It was delicious and they supplied a lot of it. This was a relief for me because I would, without batting an eye, fight someone over the last slide of warm bread. I expected that salad would come out next, but no. Trays of cold cuts, olives, cheese, and peppers. Platters of fried calamari. I don't eat the latter, but heard no complaints from those around me who devoured it. Ziti in marinara and fettuccine alfredo were passed around. I thought this might be the entree, so I loaded up. Then, out came some chicken, fish, and eggplant. I needed time to digest, so skipped this. The eggplant, however, looked amazing. I don't care much for eggplant. It's usually prepared too oily. Had I still been hungry, I would have tried this. A simple salad did come out, along with roasted potatoes and cooked carrots and green beans. Then, there was coffee and dessert, which I had to just admire with my eyes. The temperature and texture of all dishes seemed just right to me. Nothing was overly spicy...just flavorful. Waiters/servers were really attentive, checking in often. The room we were in had lots of windows and started off a little warm (which I prefer). As more people entered, I noticed one of the waiters adjusting the thermostat without being asked to do so. The waiters made small talk and genuinely seemed cut out for their jobs. If I ever have reason for an event, I would seriously consider going with Casa Mia. In addition to the great service and food, they are easy to find and have plenty of on- and off- street parking.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,7/23/2013,129,155,4,8,6>Sheebeen is fabulous! Cannoli beer was my favorite (rim dusted in confectionary sugar), Concord Grape Saison was a little too sweet for my liking (yeah I know, I like confectionary sugar in my beer-contradictory? No, try it out!). I was also pleased with the $5 tasting price, and $15 price for open tap (WOW). As soon as we walked in, we got down to business (small little tasting room with a few tables and plenty of rowdiness and music!). I peeked my head in their brewery room and asked if we could look around, and immediately one of the brewers helped us out and gave us our own little private tour! It's still a very small operation, so it makes for an intimate tour. You can tell that they all really love what they're doing. Cheers to the pourer with the hops earrings from Etsy! There's a very disorienting (yet beautiful and colorful) mural painted on the wall that makes you feel like you are in Alice in Wonderland. Good beer, I'll be back!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,7/22/2013,63,76,2,4,2>This is the place for local cooks and bakers! As is the story with most good local shops, prices can be a bit higher than what you might find at a big-box retailer, but the service is outstanding. I would say that it is priced more competitively than Williams-Sonoma and definitely has more personality. It's great for gifts - they offer free gift wrapping and do a gorgeous job. I also tend to come in when I have a baking project and want to browse for cake decorating supplies.  Because of the size of the shop, I actually tend to find more here, it isn't overwhelmingly large and you can spend your time really looking at the items. The staff and owner, Vicki, are super helpful and will point you in the right direction if you have a question and have offered to "special order" items for me in the past. Occasionally, there are clearance/sale tables out in the store and I have gotten a number of great deals at these tables over the years (this store moved/changed owners slightly over the last 3 - 4 years, but has been in existence for a long time). They offer knife sharpening, once a month, although I haven't personally taken advantage of the service.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,7/21/2013,88,118,,6,4>The Corner Pug has it all. Good beer? Yes. Delicious vegetarian options? Yes. Amazing non-veggie pub fare? Heck yes. Pugs, pugs, and more pugs? Oh yeah!I adore this pub. Chris and I popped in last night for dinner. He took advantage of their Monday/Tuesday night Prime Rib Dinner special. For $15.99, he got a 16oz. steak, mashed potatoes and creamed spinach. He was in steak heaven for sure. He ordered it medium-rare, but would change his order to rare in the future (which will be soon!) as their medium-rare is a bit too done for his taste. We actually ran into some friends there who said they frequent the Pug just for this special on Mondays and Tuesdays.I didn't even have to look at the menu. The Corner Pug has a signature dish that I am absolutely in love with. Their Roasted Vegetable Platter is a vegetarian's dream come true. Normally veggies over rice do not wow me. However, the Pug does it in a way that is truly spectacular. Broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, and purple onions are roasted and tossed in truffle oil, and served over a brown basmati wild-rice pilaf. It arrives perfectly salted and seasoned straight out of the kitchen, and I always finish every last bite.We also had a round of Ten Pennys. I love myself a good Ten Penny, and it always earns a place bonus points when they have it on tap. Oh, and before dinner the Pug serves you a mini loaf of delicious white country bread that is warm and fresh. If you love a good pub, with excellent food, the Corner Pug is going to be your new favorite spot. As a pug owner myself, I also get a kick out of the pug photos that are everywhere!Side note: If you have a pug, you are welcome to bring in a framed photo of your little love and they will gladly add it to their collection!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,7/20/2013,17,33,2,3,2>What a warm, family friendly restaurant!  My friends and I came to eat one night and had a blast!  I ordered chicken with Spanish rice although I wanted the shrimp.  The menu said Tiger shrimp but when my friend got her plate it was regular shrimp. (so bummed!)  Our waitress was very knowledgable and super friendly.  We went on a Thursday night and the place was pretty quiet.  There is a small bar located in what I'm going to call the main dinning area.  The feel of the restaurant makes me wish I was in Puerto Rico!  I was so sad I couldn't finish all of my delicious rice in one sitting.  The portions were very hearty (or perhaps I just have a small appetite).  Good food at a decent price with excellent customer service....you can't beat that!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,7/19/2013,121,215,5,7,6>As always, never disappointed.This time we grazed in waves.... as only the classiest of foodies should. OR whatever, there was too much on the menu we wanted to try.This time:Shishito peppers....I've been wanting to try these for awhile and these do NOT disappoint.  Being a pretty straight up I-talian American...we know summer is here when you can throw some long hot peppers on the grill until they're charred and delish.  Serve those bad boys with some crusty bread and lots of salt and olive oil and it's a done deal...but the problem?? Those suckers are HOT and believe me, you feel it the next day!So these shishitos....are like the more refined, less sassy cousin of the long hot.  Tiny, mayyyybe one is a bit spicy...but not lacking any flavor.  Yuzu and maldon salt and I could eat those like popcorn.Next..lettuce wraps... Pork Belly for some... tofu for the PETA bumpers... The tofu definitely didn't rock my socks but the Pork was delish.Deviled eggs....if you don't like DE..please leave now.... I adore all things about these.  These had truffle oil, crispy shallots and the yolk tasted of buttah baby. I could eat these like popcorn (see a pattern??)Next up... confit buffalo wings... as much as I love their confit wings here..the buffalo was just....eh.  I'd much rather the curried ones...the star on this plate?? The pickled carrots. so yum.  we told the server (owner?)...we loved them and he brought out more right off the bat.Ceasar Salad..everything it should be....BUT add some baby kale, home made croutons and DELISHHHHHHHH pickled sardines....not the canned type people..... the good kind...and i could eat that.....yep, like popcorn.Lastly, the flat bread with truffle oil, goat cheese and portobello mushrooms...I may have eaten the whole thing.So for a group of people this is the place to go. Tons of small plates...lots to share and appease the masses.  Service is always on point and staff is knowledgeable.Word to the wise...if you're coming here to get drunk...this isn't the place for you... come for the food....go elsehwere for the binge drinking....
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/18/2013,402,2019,7,6,5>Cake Gypsy bakes some real nice cupcakes .. This was one of those things that we found by mistake almost, well .. thanks to Yelp! When looking to kill a few minutes I usually pop onto the app and see what is nearby .. if it has the word beer or cake in its name, chances are we will be there shortly. If it hadn't been for the yelp, we would have never known this place was tucked into this strip mall with a barely visible sign.Cake Gypsy did not disappoint, we picked up a few cupcakes on this day and they were all pretty decent. Portion size was good, and the price was fair. Yah, I know cupcakes are all the rage and trendy and fashionable but compared to places closer to home (middletown, you kNOw RAzzberries are groovy) these cupcakes had actual delicious flavor and didn't cost $40 a dozen.. Staff was friendly when we were here. I have been put under a self imposed two cupcakes at a time per bakery restriction, so now I just need to get back and try more flavors.   Probably would have been 5 stars if I hadn't seen mention of Cake Boss.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,7/17/2013,44,74,2,2,2>This place never fails to amaze me! I love the different options for french fries, the parmesan garlic ones are my favorite. The chipotle blue cheese bacon double stuffed burger is heavenly; it just encompasses such great flavor, the price just can't be beat either at $8! For price range, I said moderate, because after fries, a drink, and the burger (or whatever you choose), that's where the price falls. It's not huge inside, but allows for a more intimate setting, so the noise level is not bad. Its had a visit from Guy Fieri and is on an episode of Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives, so you know that this place has to be amazing, and it definitely is!!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/16/2013,200,181,2,3,3>Everytime I have Thai Food someplace, I always ALWAYS have the thought "X is better at Puket, and Y is fresher". Or just simply "I wish we would have went to Puket!"Here is what I order (and really...I have only ordered these 3 things because they're so good I don't need to change it up!)Tom Yum Soup with ChickenRed CurryORSpicy Basil Fried Rice (with Brown Rice)ORCashew Chicken.BAM. The Red Curry is spicy and sweet and the perfect flavor. The vegetables that come with it are always cooked perfect, fresh and crisp!The Spicy Basil Fried Rice is exactly what it is. Spicy. Basily. Fried rice. But you have to get their brown rice - it's this magic purpley/black rice that I have never had before anywhere else and can't seem to figure out what the heck makes it black!Cashew Chicken. Standard and yummy, can never go wrong.My committment to this place really speaks more than my review...we come here at least 3-4 times a month. They know us when we come in, and are concerned when one of us isn't there.Just try it - you won't want anywhere else!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,7/15/2013,21,13,2,4,2>Basil is a really good, solid area Asian fusion restaurant. I've been going there for years and recently went back for lunch, and nothing has changed. The staff is always friendly and happy to answer questions. One can order Thai, Malaysian, Chinese,, and Vietnamese dishes that are priced well and stay true to form.They have a large selection of bubble teas, a beer/wine license, menu selections, brown rice, and vegetarian offerings. Really, the only things that keep me from giving them a 5 is that often times service can be slow, as they seem understaffed, menu items have a tendency to come out at different times even for small groups, and the climate is always freezing in there. I've eaten with my coat on many times in there during the winter months, which just isn't comfortable. They are always happy to handle large groups and separate checks as well, which is a definite plus. I've never been disappointed in any food item or ha to send it back, even when I was out of my comfort zone. The seaweed salad and scallion pancakes are definitely a plus for appetizers, and the Mei Fun is my favorite entrée.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,7/14/2013,3,18,2,3,3>Silver City made the cake for my engagement party, my wedding and the groom's cake. One word: amazing. Amazing to look at, amazing to eat, amazing people to work with!Their attention to detail is exactly what a nervous bride is hoping for. You have nothing to worry about with Terri and Doug, they are dedicated to making it the best for you. They both sit down and help you flush out your ideas (especially when you have no idea what you're doing!) but they really make you feel like it's YOUR cake, not just an idea they're putting together. I decided last minute that I wanted to add a groom's cake and they were more than accommodating.I will absolutely be returning to Silver City Cakes for future parties and events!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,7/13/2013,2,24,2,2,2>Working off of Blue Hills on the Windsor/Bloomfield, you get tired of the same ol' places (Day Hill Deli, Lox Stock, Slices, Vito's). I randomly drove by this place a week ago and thought 'didn't that used to be a garage?'Indeed it was, which is clearly evident by the garage door still intact with a spruced up paint job. I knew this could go one of two ways - look suspect and be suspect, or look suspect and be delicious, as many hole-in-the-wall places are. To say the least, I am very happy to have stopped in this location, and plan on making this my weekly lunch diet-breaking trip.This review is only on the lunch sandwiches, as I haven't had salads or the breakfast sandwiches at this time. I also don't believe I will have a salad because I feel like I will be cheating on the sandwich list.I have had four of the eleven sandwiches on the menu so far, and I have had no faults with any of them. The "Curried Chicken Salad on Brioche" had just the right amount of curry, but my sandwich came on a croissant, not brioche (which didn't faze me at all). The "Wallie Combo" had a plentiful amount of turkey on it, but the herb-mayonnaise and rosemary focaccia MADE the sandwich. The same can be said about the "Myles Club Sandwich", which has the same setup but with turkey, ham, bacon, and provolone versus turkey and cheddar. Either make a great choice. The final sandwich, or wrap in this case, I had was the "BLT Wrap", which was a healthier spin on a BLT (turkey bacon, which was made fresh to order, and no mayo). Great flavor overall, especially with the arugula in the spring mix.I sincerely hope The Filling Station survives because it's my number one lunch spot in the area now. The only thing disappointing about The Filling Station is that my office is moving in a couple months about ten minutes down the road, making it more difficult to visit on a regular basis.:::Side-note: I have always wanted to see one of those Square credit card readers in action, and The Filling Station uses an iPad with a Square reader for their register. Fun.:::
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,7/12/2013,44,171,3,4,3>Cheeky and a little gaudy, but that's part of the fun. Follow the yellow brick road to the bathrooms and you'll find a few arcade games and a really cool art gallery in the back.We were on our way up to Deerfield, MA for the day and decided to stop. Big mugs for the coffee were appreciated because it was busy and service was okay, but took awhile and the poor girl looked like she'd rather be trapped in a port-o-potty with a bee's nest. We sat at the counter so we couldn't take in the entire place for all its quirks, but we didn't have to wait so we didn't complain.Food wise, whoever decided to put bbq pulled pork, onions and cheese in an omelet is my freakin' hero. Miss Piggy's Junk In Her Trunk? How couldn't I order that? That plus loaded homefries with and I was in some swine-induced heaven. Can see making some special trips from south of Hartford for breakfast here once in awhile. Been hearing about it forever, and there's a bunch more omelets that need to be sampled, for sure.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,7/11/2013,8,17,2,3,3>I so appreciate this place. The parking is wide open and the prices are very reasonable. Because they are a smaller business, they don't have an incredibly varied assortment of items, but they DO have local (New England) products, allowing me to support our area. They maintain the same layout to the store, so I know exactly where to go to pick up my favorite cat litter. The staff are knowledgable, helpful and friendly, giving off a true small-town vibe, even though Glastonbury is quite big. They work hard to gain and keep faithful customers, and I love being recognized, at least by face, when I walk into the store. I really recommend Melzen for your pet supply and gardening needs. Let's keep the small, local businesses open and flourishing.....
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,7/10/2013,104,202,3,3,4>What can I say that hasn't already been said? This place is amazing! In recent months, I've made Talcott Mountain State Park my weekend adventure day location.  We always park down towards the end of the road and walk up past the entrance to the park, past the helicopter pad and into the "side" unmarked entrance. This particular trail is more steap and not as paved with rocks, but it's amazing. I clocked this route today at about a 2 mile hike up (2 mile down) using a fitness app on my phone. Obviously if you're going on a day like today after many days of rain, make sure to spray with bug spray! The mosquitos are deadly up the side paths as the trees hang lower than the more travelled routes. Another thing to consider is bringing your own water if you need it.  Lately the water system has been out and there are no sources for water. Otherwise, it's a gorgeous park, clean and kept up and the views from the cliffs and tower are breathtaking! Definitely a must!!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/9/2013,47,138,5,6,4>Broad Street in New Britain is quickly gaining a reputation as a haven for excellent Polish food.  Staropolska is a big reason why.I had heard rave reviews about this place and was eager to check it out.  I've been lucky lately with restaurant experiences actually living up to the hype.  You can add Staropolska to the list.Although I am not the biggest fan of Polish food there are enough common cuisine staples available for me to work with.  I stuck with what I knew on my visit.  The Polish Platter was probably the thing to get but I passed as I don't like Bigos or Golabki, which are part of the platter.  So I pieced things together.Potato pancakes as a starter were huge, almost hash brown like with little grease and served properly with applesauce and sour cream.  An excellent way to get things going.  A full order is three.  If you eat that you'll be done so don't sell yourself short.  Get only one as a side which is an option if you ask.Then it was on to cheese and potato stuffed pierogies.  Again, a great dish.  You can also make a meal out of these alone as you get eight (!) in an order.Finally it was on to the fried/grilled kielbasa platter.  Yet another winner as the skin of the meat has a great snap when you bite into it.  This dish is also available boiled, but the staff recommended fried/grilled style and they were spot on.  The meal came with choice of potato (I went with mashed) and one veggie side.  I went with coleslaw.  After all this food I went home stuffed.The thing that really impressed me was that Staropolska made me like sauerkraut for the first time ever.  I don't like it but was willing to try it and it was great.  It's more of a brown color than the clear/white I am used to so I don't know what they do to make it look different and taste so good. But if they can make me like cabbage in any form they are definitely doing something good in that kitchen.Next time I visit I will order the cheese and potato pierogies as my main course.  I only sampled them off of my wife's polish platter but they are too good to not want to eat more than one.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,7/8/2013,33,132,1,6,2>Haven't given a positive review in a while and would like to give some good to balance out the bad...If you are in the Hartford area and looking to get your shore-line fried food seafood fix, you don't need to travel all the way down to those wonderful shore-line shacks.  City Fish brings that goodness in spades and is in nearby Wethersfield.The place is not much to look at on Silas Deane Highway as the place resides in more of an industrial looking building and doubles as a fresh seafood distributor to the area.  There is a certain royal fast food chain next door that will let you know if you are getting close.  When you enter, you will notice a very utilitarian look with a fish counter in one direction and the fried food counter in another.  This review is primarily about the restaurant, but I have it on good authority that the fish counter sells extremely fresh seafood if that is your game.  Also a great deal on "odds and ends" fish cuttings for fish stew as well at great prices.  So we've already said you're not coming here for the ambience...you're here to satisfy that fried seafood craving.  And City Fish does it in spades.  Very simple menu and reasonable pricing...I'm not going to bore you with details, except to say you will not go home disappointed if you are looking for your standard fried clam, fish, scallops, shrimp platter...They serve it up fresh, crispy, well-seasoned and with a huge portion of thick crinkle cut fries...Will also give some kudos to their New England Clam Chowder which is very hearty and well done (My 5 year old who will not eat much, loves this soup).  We have friends who live closer to shoreline communities and have commented on how this fare matches favorably with their local joints.  So they have that going for them.There is a seat yourself seating area for those looking to stick around.  As I am local to the area, it's always a pickup situation for me.  It's somewhat separated from the counters, so I haven't even stuck my head in to get a sense of cleanliness or ambience.  But you're not (or shouldn't be) coming here for a nice sit-down, have a few drinks and nice meal event...You're coming here to get a nice bowl of chowder, some very well prepared scallops and chips, washed down with a Coke (or maybe Pepsi...I forget)
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,7/7/2013,173,343,2,7,3>A frequent check-in for Joe C (the "Top" Regular) had lead me to bookmark this restaurant some time ago and as luck would have it, this past weekend Mark (a newbie Yelper!) and I were in the area when he asked me to "Yelp" out a spot for lunch.  I did not have to think twice as to where I wanted to go.Located in a shopping plaza between a Chinese Restaurant, Boston Market, and a Nail Salon - Mark commented that if it did not work out we had other options.  I however - the fearless food leader for the afternoon - had read the numerous reviews to know what and how to order.Doing a brisk dine in and take out business for a Saturday afternoon, we were quickly greeted by an individual whom appeared to be the owner and told him it was our first time here.  He was very helpful and I wish I could bottle up the enthusiasm and joy that radiated from him as we spoke.  I know we were only fleeting customers but he made me feel very welcome.  Top marks for their customer service!The menu is very straight forward and it being our first foray into Korean food opted for the Bi Bim Bap (which I was encouraged to try).  You pick a protein (chicken, spicy chicken, beef or tofu), vegetables (about 20 or so to choose from), a starch (brown, white or sweet potato noodles) and sauce (there are several to chose from).  All the ingredients are assembled, taken to the kitchen to be cooked, and in a matter of minutes of sitting down, a hot piping bowl of goodness is set before you.  Yes - I agree with another review that the ordering area reminded me a bit of a Subway - BUT the vegetables are SOOO fresh and there is such a variety that any comparison should stop right there!!!!!!Other points for a first time (or repeat) diner that I will share are - *Go during lunch for about $9 you get your main dish, soda and a broth based soup*Skip the rice - sweet potato noodles are where it's at*Get your meal in the stone bowl - from the first taste to the very last bite our bowls retained their heat and made every delicous bite warm. It is $1 extra, but worth it.*Get a sauce combo and thank me later- I had hot paste/teriyaki combo and Mark had sesame/teriaki combo*Get the raw egg on top - then once you get your dish and mix it - the heat cooks the egg giving the dish a nice complexity to it.*Dumplings are good but be warned they are not homemade.*Spicy chicken is SPICEY!I wish there was one closer to where I live - great place for healthy take out - but since I work in Hartford I might be making a trip here more often and give Joe C. a run for his "Regular" status :).  First time having Korean food and if this is what it tastes like - I will be searching for more such places in the Hartford area.File this under - Yelp Made Me Do It...and I am so glad!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,7/6/2013,151,129,2,32,11>This past Sunday my wonderful bridesmaids, mother and future mother-in-law hosted my bridal shower at Pond House Grille. Everything was absolutely fabulous and beyond excellent. Not only have I attended many different events, but I have worked as a waitress and banquet server on and off for many years at different venues. I have never experienced or witnessed the awesome level of service that we received. Additionally, the food was phenomenal. From the excellent spinach salad to the stuffed french toast to the fruit salad and everything in between, I had to go back for seconds!! Last but not least, the room was lovely with a fireplace and an alcove for the buffet.Kudos to the staff who were not only friendly and on top of everything in the room, but went above and beyond by walking the multiple gifts and decorations out to the car. If I ever have an event to plan, Pond House Grille will be my first choice!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,7/5/2013,9,31,2,5,3>This place was busy at 4:00PM on a Saturday.  That right there let me know something good was going on inside.   When I entered, the smell of the pizza was like a delicious punch in the face.  I litterally became hungry the minute I stepped in the door.  It's nice and clean inside and noticably devoid of the usual paintings of canals, villas, and old men drinking wine that generally dominate the decor of pizza places.  Clean and comfortable the way I like it.I ordered the Special, which is pretty much everything on one pizza. (Even Anchovies).  The pizza was square, which made me dubious, but otherwise it looked amazing.   The crust was thin and crisp and had a little char on it that showed they care about that authentic touch.   The pizza was delicious, and I even had it for breakfast this morning.  Check them out.  I had a great experience here and will go back soon.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,7/4/2013,258,368,3,4,3>This Portuguese bakery is a good place to stop in for a quick sweet treat, ham & cheese sandwich or cake for any occasion. I found our traditional Portuguese sweets of pudim flan (flan), pasteis de nata (custard cakes) bolas de berlim (cream filled donuts), sweet breads alongside American blueberry pies, chocolate cookies, blueberry muffins and croissants.  All sufficiently satisfying and very good.  Aside from the sweet delights and amazingly fresh breads you will find an assortment of Italian cookies, Agua do Castello (Portuguese mineral water), sumols (bottled juices), jams, olives, olive oil, and other traditional ethnic specialties.  The prices are extremely reasonable and you will be pleasantly surprised to how quickly you get hooked on the bread.  This establishment is clean, comfortable, relaxed and the staff is friendly. Yes, I am indeed a fan. I've been stopping in on this bakery for a few years now, so give it a shot and share the experience.  Come down and try out a fresh papo seco (Portuguese bread) with butter and presunto (prosciutto).  Oh so very nice!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,7/3/2013,80,717,10,11,11>AHHHHHHH! I'm engaged!At first, I really thought I had THE ring. First there was one from Zales, then there was a better one from Kay. Then I started to realize it might be nice to actually find a unique ring from a jeweler, and not an assembly-line ring from a corporation. Still, I thought I was walking into Becker's on the evening of May 2nd to humor myself.Carey greeted me near the door."Hi there. Looking for anything in particular?""Well, I'm engagement ring shopping, and I'm looking for a ring that isn't just diamonds...""Cool! I'll show you something I got here..."What I meant to say, but failed to mention at the time was that I was specifically looking for a diamond ring with sapphires. Was it coincidence, or something greater that she just happened to pull out the only ring I would need to see that night?"This is from our estate collection; it's a platinum setting with two trillion-cut natural sapphires. It's 20% off for our annual estate sale. And the nice part is you can pick your own diamond to fit your budget."It was the perfect plan. Yeah, so it's an estate piece - but it wasn't about saving money, it was about getting the best thing I could possibly get for the budget I had set for myself. And Carey helped me exactly meet that budget without overselling.So anyway, we spent the next 15 minutes or so sifting through their diamond collection, and we picked a nice one (just under a carat) to go in the setting. A week later, the ring was mine, and a week after that, the ring was hers.It was everything she and I wanted. A one-of-a-kind engagement ring for a one-of-a-kind girl. Both of us are oh so pleased.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,7/2/2013,39,148,6,10,9>I happened upon this place when we were walking down State Street after eating at CO Jones. We saw a sign that said free books and I'm a librarian so I was interested. We walked up to Never Ending Books' door and were looking at the free books that they had outside. The interior was pretty dark and the place looked closed, but all of the sudden I looked up and saw a guy standing there and was like "Uhhh, there's a dude in their wearing a shirt that says 'The Dude.'" Then the door opens and two people tell us that they are open and to come on in. The man who I believe was the owner asked if we had been there before and we said no so he explained that you can take whatever books you like and drop a small donation in the box if you have money. If not, you can take them for free. He also said he takes book donations so if you are looking to get rid of some books and can't bare to throw them away, drop them by Never Ending Books.Then he tells us that there will be live music starting soon and to help ourselves to free beer, wine, pizza, and other random sugary treats. We were like "Huh? Free? You're not charging?" Apparently, this is a regular thing on the third Saturday night of every month. Some people brought in treats and alcohol and some (like us) did not. We decided to stay to hear what the free music sounded like as we were intrigued. Most everyone there were old hippies and it was April 20th, so I'm not sure if there is always that much food.Both performers looked like they were in their middle to late 20's so they were much younger than most of the "crowd" (about 10 or so people including my husband and myself). The first performer came up on stage and I had no idea what to expect. He played some covers as well as some of his own stuff and I did not expect him to be so good. He had a great voice and was entertaining on stage between songs as well. The second performer had a great voice as well. Her voice blew me away. She had a good set of lungs! She played all her own stuff.My husband just walked by the computer and saw the length of my review and about had a coronary. He says, "Just says they had some great local talent playing live and leave it at that." So I'll end with that. I'd recommend checking out the live music nights here if you are a fan of local live music. Or if you are a fan of books, I'd check it out as well. They said they had vinyl as well, but I didn't see any, but the place was packed with stuff and I might have missed it.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/1/2013,25,68,3,6,5>This is my favorite restaurant in the Hartford area, perhaps in all of Connecticut.  Every experience I've ever had at Firebox has been wonderful, be it Sunday brunch, a work-day lunch, or a special event dinner.  I find that Firebox is also one of the few restaurants in the Hartford area that really gives its all during Restaurant Week.  Firebox isn't located in a great neighborhood, but the building itself has fantastic character.  Brick, warm lighting, an intimate yet modern vibe.  The bar in the front is a great place to grab a drink - they have a decent tap selection and really thoughtful, creative cocktails.  Their wine list is fantastic!I have never had a less than stellar dish at Firebox.  The salads are lightly dressed, crisp, fresh, and local.  The chef can cook salmon perfectly - moist and flavorful yet perfectly crispy.  The vegetables maintain their crunch.  The soups are hearty and creamy, yet somehow don't weigh you down.  The duck is outstanding, as is the pork.  I really can't say enough good things about Firebox.From the second you step foot in the restaurant, to the first bite, to the time you receive your check, you can tell that the management and owners at Firebox are proud of what they do.  As an added bonus, you can feel good supporting Firebox because it supports the local community.  If you go to no other restaurant in Hartford, go here.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,6/30/2013,138,275,4,11,5>If you can't get into Barcelona, don't get upset and walk a couple of blocks down to Blue Back Square and you'll find yourself at Vinted!Like Barcelona, you have a infinite wine selection and delectable tapas to nosh on.  I love the intimate ambience.  Though I came in a group of people without any reservations on a Saturday night, the host graciously welcomed us and we got seated right away.Since I had volunteered to be the DD for the night, I didn't have a chance to really sip the wine.  My friends who had ordered drinks (red wine, champagne, beer) were really satisfied.  I love that each wine was stored in a temperature for optimal taste.  Wine snobs, rejoice!Though I had to turn away from the wines, I dove into the tapas.  Based on the recommendation from the waitress, I had veal cheek "Saltimbocca", which was so tender that I didn't need a knife.  My boyfriend had the decadent garlic bread.I can't wait to come back to have some wine and risotto balls.  Next time, I will go with no more than three other people.  The place is not set up for big groups.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,6/29/2013,62,151,5,8,5>Ive stopped here quite a few times to pick up donuts for work. I bring them for my coworkers who devour them. I think they're some of the best! Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, especially delectable if you get them while they're warm. They almost melt in your mouth, particularly the powdered sugar ones. I also enjoy their rugelach and giant cookies.Coming in the mornings, I've always had fast, attentive service. I'll continue to stop by as I want to try more of their desserts!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,6/28/2013,32,130,4,8,2>Very surprised I am the first to review. This restaurant opened almost 2 months ago in central CT foodie-heaven, aka Middletown. The front and back of the place are very mysterious, black and white color scheme, the name and the motto "Eat or We Both Starve". I was immediately intrigued by this place because the outside gives no clue as to what sort of food they serve. By the third or fourth time we passed by it on our way to one of our favorite dinner destinations, we stopped to look at the menu. The intrigue heightened - ethnic food! I never would have guessed this place would be serving 'soul fusion' and Jamaican fare. But it does, and at about double the price of the Pattie Palace about a block down. I wanted to try it but my husband refused, saying it looked trendy, was probably terrible, and that "it insists upon itself."Well, it's Mother's Day weekend and dinner's my choice, so Us Restaurant it was! The interior is also black and white, with some modern paintings, and there is an *extensive* bar. There were quite a few beers on tap, including Guinness, which is always nice, for people who drink Guinness, anyhow. The bread basket has warm cornbread and biscuits, and the cornbread is decent, but the biscuits are super tasty. They're served with some sweet butter.  The menu has two halves - the first page has starters, entrees, and sides that are soul food/soul fusion (some fascinating options here: Chicken and Red Velvet Waffles, really?? I wish you could get sample cups for meals). The second page is titled "In-Law Menu" and has the same categories, but Jamaican style food - jerk chicken and pork, curry goat, and so forth.There are a lot of things on the menu that require translation for those of us not schooled in soul/Jamaican food. Examples: festival = fried corn meal similar to hush puppies. Callaloo is a Jamaican steamed leafy vegetable dish. Hoppin' John is apparently a New Orleans peas, rice, and onion dish. We ordered jerk chicken, a jerk chicken salad, the pork chops, and a mustard-crusted salmon special. After ruminating a bit further, we decided to add an order of crab cakes. And I am SO glad we did. My husband's from Maryland and these are the best crab cakes I've ever had outside of the Chesapeake Bay area. Jerk chicken dishes were OK, but not great - certainly not the spicy jerk seasoning we've had in Jamaica (which Pattie Palace does pretty well). The salad had an odd dressing on it. However, the chicken was cooked well. And the pork chops were cooked perfectly - so juicy. Mac n cheese was a little blah but it mixed up well with the pork chops and their sauce. The festival and the bread basket were great to soak up some sauce with. Service was enthusiastic, just a bit rough around the edges. Dinner for 2 was $58+tip. Overall, happy with our visit here and would definitely return, maybe for double crab cakes next time.....
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,6/27/2013,62,192,2,2,2>I've been getting my hair cut here since I was 8. I've lived in all different parts of the country, and I keep coming back to Gerardo, Dino and Claudio at Modern Barber Shop. This is the place that most males in town choose to get their hair cut, so at times the wait can be a little long for a walk-in. To remedy this, both Dino and Claudio take appointments on a set day during the week. The other review mentioned looking for Gerardo if you are over 25 or professional. I am both of those things, and I typically get my hair cut by his sons, so there is no need to pick and choose unless it makes you more comfortable. Overall, this wonderful Italian family does a great job cutting hair, keeping prices low and creating a relaxed atmosphere with classic barber shop banter. They've been doing it for decades, and there's no end in sight.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/26/2013,20,115,2,2,2>So before ever going here, I pictured it being a really fancy place that was best reserved for fancy occasions. Upon going in for the first time...it's basically a really tiny diner. Who knew?My boyfriend and I went on Easter Sunday morning because we were hungry and neither of us celebrates Easter. We waited maybe 5 minutes (standing somewhat awkwardly as there's no place to wait) and then were seated. The Pantry has a small, but satisfying menu. I opted for scrambled eggs, toast, and home fries which was very good but too much toast. They offer a lot of options for eggs and omelets and toppings. We also split an order of a special listed on a white board - cinnamon roll pancakes. Also very good - kind of like cinnamon buns in pancake form. Prices were very reasonable and the portions were generous. This is the sort of place where you probably always have at least some wait before seating, but the food is good and the restaurant is in a convenient East Rock location.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/25/2013,21,208,2,4,2>In my last review I noted I wanted to go back for the Date Pudding - so glad we did!!We took a Sunday drive and on a whim without reservations stopped in for an early dinner. Staff was super, no issues without a reservation, letting us pick a table. They were very busy later but in now way made I feel less important because we did not have our name on a list.Food was wonderful. Loved the salad with blue cheese and sea bass was perfect. Menu changes daily - what fun! I ordered an espresso and got  a hot and decent sized serving. I do not mind paying for value! The date pudding was to use the old quote "to die for". Worth making the trek.Looking forward to going back!!!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,6/24/2013,83,167,3,5,3>I was in the area recently and stopped by, hoping that my old friend Exile would still be there.  I was thrilled not only that Exile still exists, in a world where most record stores have been replaced by steaming music and mp3, but on two recent visits, I saw both owners working there.  I haven't been by in at least 15 years, but have many fond memories of spending countless hours here as a music obsessed teenager.  It's so comforting to see that very little has changed; they have a great selection of new and used CDs and vinyl, with special sections for punk, hardcore and local music.  They are very helpful and will special order anything you can't find.  The prices are totally reasonable- my boyfriend bought a new release for a mere $11.98.  I'm so glad when I see indie music stores surviving and thriving, especially one I have such a personal connection to- I hope Exile lives on for many years to come!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,6/22/2013,79,190,2,6,4>Like other reviewers, I'm not a vegan, just like to dabble in vegan food every once in a while.I see that my favorite dishes have been mentioned in many reviews, however, I shall reiterate their praises: the sorrel, or hibiscus ginger juice, is fantastic. The jerk tofu is to die for (although I wish it were a little spicier). I love the pumpkin rice and the kale or collards have been great when I've gotten them. In addition, the samosas (which I usually don't like) are flaky and delicious. They also have a stew with sweet potatoes that I've had that I'm obsessed with. Parking on street is typically available. Don't order off the menu it takes a long time and there's no way it can be as good as the show-stealing stuff up front.The people who work here are so incredibly nice. Always a great experience, love the casual ambiance in the dining room. Got a red velvet BEET vegan cupcake here once and it was dense but totally OFF THE CHAIN!Check this sick place out!!!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,6/21/2013,617,380,2,5,3>Came here for dinner with 6 my coworkers. We heard great things about the family style dinner, so we decided to give it a try.  We started off with the calamari and eggplant fries. There was no exaggerating about the portion size. We ordered the small eggplant fries and all had a good amount with some left to spare! The calamari was so-so, not great not terrible, a bit on the bland side. I really liked the fried jalapeños and peppers that came with the calamari though! The eggplant fries were oh so yummy. For entrees we ordered the Gary&Mary (Veggie pizza) and Kitchen Sink (Meat lovers), Penne a la Vodka and Tortellini with Chicken. All of the food was deeeelicious! I am usually not a fan of tortellini, but the chicken tortellini was amazing! I'm a NY girl so I like my crust a little thick, the pizza crusts were thin but the toppings and sauce definitely made up for it! We left a little room for dessert and ordered the freshly made doughnuts. Another yummy dish. All in all we had a good time. The service was a bit slow, but the place was packed so we weren't too surprised. I will definitely be coming back to Joey Garlic's
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,6/20/2013,23,731,7,5,4>1.) Just to warm you up:I came back around this time because I was hungry and wanted to try something new. I did not try anything new.2.) What your eyes may see:No restroom. An Asian guy working the cash register. He is the owner. And an Arabic guy cooking right behind him. Tables and semi booths for you to sit in. A nice view of Silas Deane highway, and what a nice view it is! lol3.) Food:I  got the usual suspects - which were a Philly Cheese Steak, Jalapeño Chips from Deep River, and Cream Soda from Boylan. A sandwich that had two tasty friends satisfying my stomach and taste buds. And I believe that that sandwich was made with love because....4.) Service:Because the owner's right hand man, the guy who made the sandwich was a very very very very very very very very nice guy. I mean, this guy gave me winks and smiles that only one who was physically attracted would give. He put appreciating his costumers to another level. I actually felt uncomfortable eating there, because I got constant looks, winks and smiles from this guy. Sheesh.*buries face into sandwich*5.) Impressions:All in all, the food and service here are good. I'm starting to believe that if you are a chocolate man, you will be getting a lot of attention from the guy who makes the sandwiches. A lot of attention.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/19/2013,35,116,3,3,6>Goldburgers was love at first taste. After reading an article in the Hartford Courant about the newly established Goldburgers, my soon to be boyfriend of nearly two years suggested it for our first date spot. I eagerly showed up with a paper bag containing two mismatched stouts (it's BYOB) and history was made. When we both silently chose the Rivals Rodeo burger (onion ring, bbq sauce), we knew it was meant to be - both for our relationship and Goldburgers to be a staple in our diets. Not only do the burgers surpass all of their CT competition (cough cough Plan B and Prime 16), but  the fries just as good as your local pub's pomme frites. The owner Matt has the good sense to use Hartford Baking Co. buns that are the perfect compliment to the sandwiches, rather than using your typical throwaway bun. With the PBR, they have convinced me  that a hot dog can be genius.The only criticism can be for the goo-balls. A dessert snob like me cannot get behind such a thing. Oh, and no one would  mind if a pretzel roll creeped up on the menu.If Matt decides to start catering weddings, I think he has his first taker right here.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,6/18/2013,58,234,2,6,3>I have only eaten here once (and during a special time as I describe below), but I am in love.  My boyfriend stopped here for breakfast a couple of days ago.  While eating his fabulous breakfast, the chef told him that they do themed dinners one night a month (they are usually breakfast and lunch only).  He made us reservations immediately.  Good man!The theme for last night was Peruvian.  It is BYOB so we brought some wine with us.  Other people brought small coolers with beers and the couple next to us had brought Mason jars filled with some delicious looking mixed drinks (genius).  The place is small, but cute and cozy.  I loved it.  At each table there was a card with a picture of Macchu Picchu and a brief description on the back about Peruvian cuisine.  There was another card with the course list for the night.  There was an appetizer, first course, main course, and dessert.  The appetizer was small, hot roasted potatoes that you dipped in a delicious lightly spicy cheese sauce (I believe called Huancaina).  The first course was a ceviche.  It was halibut in something called "milk of the tiger" with two types of native Peruvian corn and some sliced yams.   the main course was chicken and duck served with cilantro rice and fava beans, and for dessert we had rice pudding and these excellent little cookie sandwiches with dulce de leche between them (alfajores) and coffee. There was more than enough food.  We were ridiculously stuffed by the end of the meal.  The dinner would make a great romantic date (hint, hint, wink, wink) or a fun eating adventure with friends.  It is unique and fun experience.  The meal was only $25 a person too!  You cannot beat that!!!  I HIGHLY recommend checking it out.The staff here is fantastic.  The chefs for the meal were Sabrina and Ed.  They, along, with one other server were bringing out the dishes, answering questions, and chatting with customers.  They are extremely nice people, who just love what they do.  They remembered my boyfriend from breakfast the few days before and were so happy that he was hooked on the place.I cannot wait to go back here!  Ed told us that they have brunch on Saturdays, which features dishes they don't normally have on the menu.  One such dish being the crab hash, that Judy K. also described in her review.  A friend of mine, and avid Cafe 56 fan, said to order anything that comes with their jam.  He says that they are amazing and used some Homer Simpson-esque slobber noises during his description, so I am convinced jam needs to happen upon my next visit.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,6/17/2013,21,126,2,3,2>What a great restaurant!!... I heard so much about Treva that I had to try it.  very impressed! the chef uses high quality ingredients you can taste the difference.  I started with the Burata, Polpo and sheeps milk riccota appitizer, all three were amazing!. Then on with the Branzino whole fish which was fresh and seasoned just right.  My guest had the procetta and the flavor was explosive...excellent dish.  They have a great wine selection at reasonable prices and the staff is friendly and attentive. This place is busy so make sure you have reservations.Definetly a comeback place!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,6/16/2013,95,659,2,6,4>So I walk in not sure what to expect, then I see a line of about 6 different latin restaurants of different ethnicities.  Mexican, Salvadorian, Dominican..others i don't remember...heaven...The group ordered more food than was humanly possible to eat.Empanadas & Relleno de Papas, both excellent.  The empanada was crispy on the outside, tinted yellow from the annatto added to the dough.  Filled with a delicious mixture of beef & potatoes. $1.35The Relleno de Papa was huge, a mixture of shredded beef & rice filled the center, a layer of mashed potato on the outside and then flash fried.  The beef was tender, but the potato could have used a touch more salt. $3.00I ordered a skewer of Chicharrón & Fried Plaintain that was to die for.  The pork was crispy & fatty, and the texture of the plaintain paired nicely.I sampled others, the taquitos & tacos were excellent, although the beef on the taco was a bit gristly.  The pictures do not do justice here, someone ordered a fried seafood platter that came out piled high and looked about 3 times bigger than what was pictured.All in all a great place to fill up your stomach, and not empty your wallet.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,6/15/2013,48,117,2,3,3>One of my monthly indulgences, after getting the car J-lubed...drive one hundred yards or so and stop at Makris Diner for breakfast.You walk in, and it's a classic diner out of the 50s or 60s, complete with a huge counter and over a dozen stools, all done over in shiny stainless steel...and each booth has their own personal Jukebox!!!Most of Makris menu is what you would find on any diner menu. As aiways, what makes the difference is not what you use, but how you use it. For instance, Makris has regular, Dark roast, and decaf coffees. Another difference - their pancakes. Not only are the plate-coverers, but they have buttermilk batter, OR their own signature wheat batter...a bit sweeter and more wholesome. I prefer the former, while the wife likes the latter, with blueberries. They are served hot, and are scrumptious from begining to end.Another difference - something as simple as corned beef hash. While many palces simply plop their hash from a can and heat it, at Makris, they add onions and peppers, and served it grilled on both sides. You can actually taste some of the corned beef in the hash!The waitresses are all friendly, and are not afraid to help each other out by pouring seconds on coffee, or serving another one's food. This is how a place develops a good reputation, and lots of repeat customers.Never had lunch here so I cannot vouch for them. They do have a dry-erase board announcing daily lunch specials, so I assume they put as much effort into pleasing the lunch crowd that they do for breakfast.Smiles and full bellies...and very reasonable prices. All in all, one of our favorite breakfast stops.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,6/14/2013,132,600,3,4,4>So the hype on this place is a little ridiculous.  And I went in to my first visit anticipating a let down and looking for faults.I did find one: If you're wearing dark clothes, it is impossible to get the motion detector on the men's restroom sink to recognize your hands and turn on.  FOR SHAME! :) But when that's your biggest (and frankly, only) issue with the place, you know you've got a winner here.Much has been said in other reviews so I'm not going to waste time rehashing it. The raves are deserved.The food -- top notch. Yes, expensive, but not outrageously so for the quality and care that goes into each dish. The quail was a good example of something that took a lot of effort but that works so effortlessly.  The service -- terrific. Friendly -- offering drink and food suggestions -- and prompt with the water glass refills.  Very professional.The decor -- you have a view of a waterfall. Need I say more? We ate in the tavern with our tween and it was an upscale, but relaxed setting.  I found it interesting that the older couple next to us was the difficult kind -- sending back a dish and complaining that another fish dish was too "intense".   Another server would've lost their temper with this obvious pair who should've just stayed home with so many unfounded complaints. Instead, he explained that the fish dish was slow cooked and thus designed to be intense.  And to her suggestion that the fish was a little too fishy, he gently pointed out that the fish was fresh and nothing wrong with it.  But he never lost his temper and treated them with the utmost respect.  I'm not suggesting you complain, but if this is how they treat their most difficult guests, then you know you're going to get good service.They have some tough competition even in town for best restaurant in the area (with Mill at 2T and Metro Bis) but let's just settle for it being the best new restaurant in the Hartford area in the last two years.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,6/13/2013,108,203,2,5,2>I have to say--I was completely wowed by this place. You would never think you were in a stripmall restaurant once you walk in the doors--ambient colored lighting, koi pond, cozy booths and a very attentive staff made for a great experience.We came here on a Saturday night with our double date, Jill and Cory. After having a few laughs with our waitress, Jill and I split a scorpion bowl (her first!) and the boys had cokes (boooring). For appetizers, the 4 of us split the Rock Shrimp (nice and crispy, beautiful presentation in a martini glass) and the Summer rolls (colorful and awesome texture with a nice, light, peanutty sauce to drizzle on top). Entrees were varied and all were excellent--Honey Butter prawns, Spicy chicken, Spicy Basil fried rice and Malaysian style noodles. Everyone cleaned their plates, so that is always a good sign! Presentation was beautiful, as well. Prices were reasonable, timing was good, food was excellent. Definitely one of my new favorites--we'll definitely return!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,6/12/2013,8,62,2,3,2>I'm planning on becoming a vegetarian in the next few years, but my weakness for meat is working against me as I've tried it before on more than one occasion.  The hamburger was invented at Louis's Lunch in New Haven, and I've been searching for that taste closer to where I live.  When I moved to Meriden, I was shocked to find that Teds was right down the street from where I live.  The Meriden location is great, a bit small, so if I bring more than one person with me, it's a question of getting a place to sit.  I'm always in Cromwell, so I was excited to come to Teds in Cromwell.  I've been here a few times now and I can tell you:  The service is top notch for a local dive.  The place is clean and the food is great.  This is a great place.  Anytime I have folks in from out of town, I always want to bring them to Teds.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,6/11/2013,412,837,,9,6>Having lived the majority of my life in Northern California, I love good Mexican food. My favorite places are the taquerias. Give me a good taco al pastor with some salsa bandera, and I'm happy. This place looks like a taqueria although there is a real menu and orders are taken at the table. As others have mentioned the housemade totopos come with three salsas. Normally I'm a red sauce fan and I find the salsa verde lacking in flavor. Theirs is one of the best I've ever had. I had the Oaxacan platter with black beans and rice:  marinated pork and beef. With the addition of some of the aforementioned sauces this was delicious. On the side I ordered a taco al pastor just to compare. The meat there was dry and lacking in flavor. I like mine greasy and saucy!The young waitress was delightful and all excited that we were from CA.I want to return to try their Cocteles and Caldos!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,6/10/2013,86,169,3,9,4>In truth, the best barbecue I've had was made by a friend of mine, but this is the best I've ever found in a restaurant. Our server joked with me that he was working to get us addicted. He didn't have to work that hard: the first bite did that.More on that in a moment.Taino is tucked into a small space at the back of a plaza also occupied by a hardware store. It hasn't been open long, in fact, their grand opening is still coming up in March. There aren't a lot of tables, but the wait staff is quick, friendly, knowledgeable, and enthusiastic. They are serving bottled beer now, and although the list is short it seems determinedly broad in scope, ranging from American adjunct lagers to pale ales and imported stout.My daughter ordered the pulled pork meal, and I ordered the brisket. The long slow cooking process made both of these marvelously tender and deeply flavorful. Taino makes its own sauce, which is very good, and they've got the confidence in their own cooking not to drown the meat in it. Absolutely superb. I thought the collard greens was pretty tasty, and their garlic mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious.Honestly, the only concern I have is that I can't imagine that they can stay in this space for long. There just isn't enough seating space for the patrons I envision turning up in droves for this classic fare, so beautifully done. I know I'll be back again.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,6/9/2013,15,54,2,2,3>Pastrami On Wry is the perfect little spot for a nice lunch. All things considered, this was exactly what we needed on a Sunday afternoon.Got to the spot around 1 to order for takeout. One note, its probably easiest/best to call in your order ahead of time. The place is really small and crowded, mostly serving to those who get there to sit down and enjoy. Also, not as quick as a typical sandwich place, as everything is made to order. While this makes the food taste better and more individualized, it adds a bit to the wait time. The wife had the Cuban sandwich with potato salad. She felt the sandwich had the perfect amount of saltiness with the right amount of meat. She also said that the mustard ratio was amazing, as you could taste it but it wasnt overpowering. The pressed bread also looked and tasted deicious. She didnt really like the potato salad (too much mayonnaise) but that doesnt mean it isnt up to par. I opted away from the pastrami or corned beef today and went with the All American. Hot roast beef, turkey and ham with american cheese and mayo on a roll. I got mine with macaroni salad. The sandwich was great. A lot of meat, which was still warm when we got home to eat. The meat still had some of that great griddled flavor from when they heated it up. The cheese was melted and they put on the right amount of mayo, like with the mustard on the other sandwich. The macaroni salad was simple, but great. Note though, it has a lot of mayonnaise on it. I happen to like mine that way, but if youre not a mayonnaise fan (these people, like my wife, do actually exist) you should probably not get this as a side. The pickles were good, as was the cole slaw. The slaw had a nice vinegar tang. For 14 bucks, it was a great meal. A good amount of food, but not so much that you wont be hungry for the rest of the day. Would love to get back there to try the breakfast out, but that might not happen. However, we will definitely be going back soon for some more sandwiches. I cant wait to try the corned beef or pastrami. If those stand out as well as the sandwiches did today, I might have to push the rating to 5 stars. But, for now, a solid 4 and a recommended stop if youre in the area.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,6/8/2013,99,207,1,6,5>I'm not gonna lie- my expectations for this place were very low upon pulling in. Nestled on some half paved road in Bloomfield around NOTHING else, with no parking to speak off- they do not give a first good impression. But don't let that deter you. For $5 you get a bracelet that entitles you to 10 samples and a tour. I originally thought that 10 samples would be like drinking 1 beer, but it really wasn't...let's just we were glad we had a designated driver bring us home.  The Irish Red Ale and the Watermelon Ale were the favorites. (Take a sniff of the watermelon- smells just like a Jolly Rancher!) The tour guide was nice and answered questions and give you an additional free sample of new beer not released to the public yet. The only downside here is really limited seating. They could do with some picnic tables to accommodate the large crowds on the weekends. I would be back and bring some snack food with us to accompany the delicious beer! I can officially say I am a fan of Hooker Beer :)
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2013,6/7/2013,57,93,2,2,2>This is the one pizza joint we consistently order from. The pies are made with fresh ingredients, and their creative pies are full of unique flavor combinations that always please. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly - so it's great for dine in and take-out. Wooster St. also offers gluten-free crusts. The killer-diller pickles might sound odd - but they are delicious! The plate is big enough to share between three people. Dining in is easy for adults and kids - there's plenty to look at a game room in the back. Clean, friendly, and fun atmosphere.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,6/6/2013,81,208,,6,1>As a local, Hana Sushi is my go-to to assuage my sushi cravings.Located on Broad Street amongst blue collar strip malls, this place is innocuous from the street. Some may call it hole-in-the-wall because it is easy to pass by it at first. Categorize this place under your hidden gems because you wouldn't expect to find this good a sushi place in the middle of the Broad Street area.The sushi chef/owner is a friendly, dynamic young woman who really has a passion for good food. She even offers sushi making classes.The sushi is always fresh and tasty. The menu is exhaustive.I've eaten in the dining room countless times and every time I'm there, there is a constant stream of take-out traffic.If you want very good sushi, made by a very good sushi chef without breaking the bank, this is the place to go.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,6/5/2013,12,22,2,4,2>This place--formerly Thai Angel--tucked into a cozy corner right before the turn-off to the Glastonbury-Rocky Hill ferry, is a breath of fresh air in a crowded field. Run by super welcoming folks--a husband and wife and their son, Golf--they really seem to care about each and every bite that you take. Talented Mom, who is Vietnamese, appears to do all the cooking by herself (I don't know how she does it but she does), dad, who is Thai, works as kind of a food runner/go-between, and son Golf runs the front of the house, greeting and seating folks and taking their orders. The place is BYOB, but there is an excellent little packy store with good wines right next door across the side street, and Asian Fusion is blissfully free of any corkage fees (I've never understood the reason for in a place that does not serve their own alcohol, but plenty of places charge it, liquor license or no). The menu is an interesting mix of Thai, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese (try the Pho!), and they even have a version of the Korean dish Dolsot Bi Bim Bap, yummy marinated beef served atop rice, marinated veggies, stir-fried in a flavorful Korean brown sauce and topped off with a fried egg. Surprisingly authentic--as is the Korean pancake appetizer--for a place with such far-flung culinary ambitions. Asian Fusion avoids the "same old, same old" rut of many so-called Asian fusion places, which often only feature the most cliched items of the cuisines. The "Two in Love" dish, chicken and shrimp in a "Vietnamese" brown sauce, at first glance struck me as, you know, just another Chinese dish in a gloppy  brown sauce that is on every Chinese food menu everywhere...but the sauce is delightfully light--like a broth really--and the chicken, shrimp and vegetables are cooked to perfection. I seriously do not know how Mom does this, in that tiny kitchen.The 3 Flavor Crispy Fish (tilapia, delicately prepared) is breaded without being heavy, sweet without being cloying, and has a nice spicy flavor, difficult to describe even though I have had it twice.Other dishes: the Ginger Chicken is amazing--pungent, flavorful, and packs a punch. If you're a ginger fan like me you can't go wrong with this dish! I get the dumpling appetizers every time I go--irresistible little won-ton pillows filled with savory ground chicken and topped off with tendrils of crispy fried onions, mmm! Both the Red Curry and the Panang curries are superb. Curry can be a balancing act between the various flavors, and Asian Fusion's got it right. The Spicy Fried Rice and Drunken Noodle are also great. The Laab Gai--that light, tangy Thai dish of minced chicken tossed with dried chilis, cilantro, Thai rice powder, and lime juice, is the perfect palate-cleanser between appetizer and entree. I always order the Laab Gai as kind of a benchmark (like mulligatawny soup in an Indian restaurant) in any Thai restaurant I visit, and theirs doesn't disappoint.This place is not large--and is wildly popular on the weekends--so plan accordingly. The vibe is very homey and cozy, and it did not take the South Glastonburians long to embrace this place as their own. You walk in and feel like you've found the locals' best kept secret. Thumbs up for this worthy endeavor, and long may she run!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,6/4/2013,112,156,3,6,6>I wanted to update to tack on another star.  This place is really delightful.  We've been back multiple times and have tried several dishes.  Well, *I* have tried several dishes anyways.  The bf ALWAYS gets the short ribs now as they are his favorite dish.  I have to agree with him - they are pretty amazing,  Fall off the bone juicy goodness...mmmmm.  But, almost everything that I have tried has been home cooked deliciousness at a reasonable price.I feel bad sometimes when we go in and the heat isn't on or they have the lights off so they can save a couple bucks (they will turn the heat up if you ask and they, of course, turn the lights on when you are seated).  Makes me afraid that this place won't last.  I wish them the best and hope more people visit so they stick around for a long time!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,6/3/2013,357,375,,12,4>Luce provided the perfect setting for me and my boyfriend to celebrate our 7-year anniversary. It was romantic, we enjoyed a good amount of privacy at our table with enough still going on around us, there was a great wine and beer selection, and the food was fantastic. We started with the Luce cheese selection, which included 7 kinds of cheese ranging from a very strong blue cheese, to a delicious triple cream, to cheeses made from sheep's and goat's milk. We got a few chunks of each kind, so my boyfriend and I were able to try a little of every kind, and then we let each other have extra of our favorites. The cheeses were accompanied by an assortment of olives and crunchy garlic croutons. For dinner, I ordered the pan diver scallops, which were served with a wild mushroom risotto, watercress, and a pomegranate gastrique. My boyfriend went with the tenderloin tips, which were served over garlic mashed potatoes and topped with onion rings and a carrot-mustard emulsion. Both dishes were excellent. My scallops were perfectly cooked - seared just enough on the outside and absolutely succulent on the inside. The risotto had great texture and flavor, and it all came together with the watercress on top. The pomegranate reduction was a little sweet, but it went well with everything else and was only at the bottom. My boyfriend's tenderloin tips were nice and tender, and the mashed potatoes were great. Prices were reasonable - entrees were in the $20-30 range and worth it. Service was friendly and well paced. We read about Luce's monkfish and venison specials, and while they weren't available when we went there, our waiter said they're available regularly, and we can call to check. We will be calling, and we will definitely be back.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,6/2/2013,28,66,3,5,3>Yes.YES.YESSSSS.Once again, an amazing cheeseboard.  Once again, amazing French onion soup.  Yet instead of taking a nose dive, this meal kept getting better.  We also shared the tart de jour - a blend of fresh mozzarella, roasted tomatoes and egg.  So creamy and heavenly. Then the main courses.  The glorious glorious main courses.  The grilled cheese with jambon de Paris uses the best thick-cut buttery bread, toasted to golden goodness, then filled with enough cheese to eat, and then use the left overs to make a small blanket. And obviously Caseus isn't filling this sandwich with Kraft American cheese, but I just love the unique combination that gives it just enough tang, but also subtle to be the best comfort food.  Next - the macaroni and cheese, round two.  SO MUCH BETTER than our previous experience. The epitome of your dreamiest, gooiest macaroni and cheese, and again, with a creative yet familiar blend.  Just thinking of those noodles acting as little bowls to hold as much delicious cheese as possible for every bite makes me happy.  Finally, dessert.  We didn't think it was possible to stuff any more into our bellies, but after such an amazing meal, we knew we had to conclude it with a sweet treat.  I can't remember the exact name of the dessert, but it was a pot of chocolate cream/mousse/another word that is a more formal description, topped with freshly made coffee whipped cream. I'll let that sink in for a minute.  I don't know how we finished it. Oh yes I do, because it was awesome. Just like the whole experience.  I can't wait to take my cheese loving friends and family when they come to visit.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,6/1/2013,103,163,4,5,3>Isn't it totally pathetic that I've lived in the West End for six months and I didn't make it to the Half Door until like three weeks ago?! I feel pathetic about it anyway.I met my friends on a Wednesday night for $2 Irish draughts and sweet tunes provided by Dave Foley. The evening was a total blast. We were in between the (crowded) bar, the dance floor, and the patio all night, and each change of scenery was an awesome one. Plus, um, $2 Irish draughts. That is an awesome bargain! No wonder this place was packed.After hearing such wonderful things, I had to order the cobblestones. Now I'm not the type of person to buy into hype, but these things were friggin' awesome. How to describe a cobblestone. The best I can come up with is delectable, portable, steaky, cheesy little pockets of heaven. If I hadn't come along with a group of hungry folks, I could have eaten three of these by myself, no problem... and that was after I had already had dinner.That same weekend I came for brunch, which was similarly awesome. Though the breakfast cobblestones were calling to me, I attempted to keep it high protein and order the Big Arse Breakfast, which basically comes with 3 eggs, a lot of meat, home fries, and toast. They should rename this to the Hangover Special. It was, as its name suggests, gigantic, and really hit the spot on a woozy and boozy Sunday morning.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2013,5/31/2013,245,117,6,3,3>Oh how quickly i have fallen in love! "High school teen, head over heels, it's my first time---type love."I've passed by this place a number of times, never opting to step inside, till I took the time to check out it's decent star rating on Yelp, I'm game.Me and my bf were first timers and stood in awe of the ridiculously, ridiculously, Wal Mart-esque low pricing of the food! We were ill prepared when ordering and when they asked what we wanted on our dogs and hamburgers (we ain't picky!) we just blurted out "Everything!" We got a look of confusion, and then chose to specify exactly what we wanted on our dogs and burgers. The burger, we opted for (mustard, ketchup, mayo, pickles, onions) + lettuce and tomtato---60 cents more for these. The burger was fresh, good, and delish! Juices dripping down, on this manageable sized burger made this thing disappear within a few bites for us both! YUM! But the hot dogs are what they're really know for here. We got the dogs with mustard, onions, and the Famous Sauce. What's the famous sauce? I have no idea, but its delicious! The dogs are perfectly sized and have a *SNAP* to 'em! Before i moved here, Man v. Food told me Connecticut was the Hot Dog capitol, and if Capitol Lunch is the reason for that distinction i wholeheartedly agree! DOUBLE YUM. This place has a lot of history, my bf and i sat down and were jokingly heckled by an older gentlemen telling us about back in the day when hot dogs were 15 cents, and how we stole the seat he'd been sitting in for 80 years. And another man chimed in telling us about how this was his last hurrah before going on a diet (not sure how that ended up working out) but still remembers a date taking him to Capitol when he was in his twenties. A place with a friendly staff, great food, cheap food, and a long bit of history.This place is a GEM.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,5/30/2013,250,122,7,12,5>WOW. Where has this place been all my life?! Or really, where the hell have I been? I frequent downtown way to often to not be aware of this gem.For the last month or so I have been really craving Mediterranean cuisine. I have been looking in the Hartford county for a place that has shawarmas, doner kebabs, and gyros. Much to my dismay, there really aren't any. I would have to say Tangier's Food Market is my favorite thus far. Although the prices are on the heftier side here they do have a great staff and decent selection of foods to choose from.Enter DD's. First thing I saw when I came were there huge falafels. I had to have one (wrap that is) One might say that I had the "hungry eyes" because I proceeded to order their lamb combo plate. I was feeling bold!  The lamb meat is really flavorful and tender, and not that greasy. The richness of the meat mixes well with the rice and freshness of the salads (which might I add there is a good assortment of!) Here's the kicker, the price of this lamb combo plate was the same price as the wrap, there was SO.MUCH.FOOD. Some things to consider: - Cash only - Tricky parking - Busy lunch timeIf you have never had Mediterranean food, I would highly recommend coming here. I am proud to say, I have found my new falafel spot :))
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,5/29/2013,13,7,3,5,6>I love it here!Everything about the place is chill and authentic. The music that the employees play over the speakers is awesome and I discovered one of my favorite songs through going there. The employees and customers there are genuine and friendly. I love the late hours. It's nice to be able to go late on the weekends.I HIGHLY recommend the hibiscus lime iced tea and the Dancer. (Hot Espresso Drink with Vanilla and Peach Syrups)I have introduced many people to this place and they love it too!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,5/28/2013,71,294,4,5,5>In a region with no shortage of breakfast spots, Gathering Ground is among the best. That's not to say they're re-inventing the culinary wheel over on Spring Street, but as simple and straightforward as most breakfast food is, the ability to concurrently serve decent food and provide average service seems to allude a great number of northern Hartford County's breakfast joints. Thankfully, that wasn't the case here. The menu is large, and features both breakfast standards and lunch items. A chalkboard near the entrance advertised the day's specials, including a seasonal asparagus and asiago omelet that I nearly ordered  before deciding to stick to the menu on my first visit. My vegetable omelet was delicious-- lots of vegetables, and adequately cheesy-- and my husband enjoyed his eggs/home fries/toast combo. Our waitress was on-the-ball, and the prices at Gathering Ground are totally reasonable. The "atmosphere" is diner-standard (that is to say, plastic upholstery and fluorescent lighting), but refreshingly absent were the tired, vaguely-country accents that permeate restaurants of this ilk. Any change of pace is a bonus in my book. Plus, they pour a mean fountain Diet Coke.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,5/27/2013,22,76,3,3,3>I was having quite a craving for a burger, so we decided to take our date out on the road to Max Burger. Having been here a few times before, we knew what we were getting into already.Since it was a Saturday night, we called ahead and were placed on the "reservation" list with about an hour wait. We decided to head down a little early and sit at the bar until a table opened up for us. While we were waiting, a table opened up at the bar, and we decided to sit there instead. Our server came over shortly after to drop off menus and collect drink orders. In an attempt to break my usual habits, I switched it up and got the Kobe Fun Guy. I ended up splitting it up and trading half with my brother for a half of his Brisket sandwich. BEST DECISION EVER! The food was excellent. The beers were cold. The service was spot on!Needless to say I was a fan on the way in the door, and am still a fan on the way out!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,5/26/2013,312,447,7,7,5>Why do I love Tangiers?Let me count the ways:1.  Delicious falafel sandwich.  Crispy, tasty, fried balls of heaven slathered in a creamy tahini sauce with lettuce & tomato wrapped with love into a soft pita. 2.  One of the best baklavas I have had.  Just take a look at those beautiful, buttery, sweet layers in the photo I have up.  It tasted even better than it looks in the picture.3.  Home to my new favorite candy bar:  the dark chocolate Kit Kat imported from Turkey.  Not the same as dark chocolate Kit Kats sold in any regular store.  1000x better.4.  Staff = eye candy and are very friendly too.  Great combo.5.  Unique finds in the marketplace/grocery/store section and Harney & Sons iced teas.I've been coming to Tangiers in all the years that I have lived in West Hartford and it just gets better and better.  I agree with others that their prices aren't the best, but they aren't too bad, either.  Today I got the falafel sandwich, a large piece of baklava and the Kit Kat of my dreams for ten bucks.  Considering how great everything was, I would have been happy paying a little more.  Love this place.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2013,5/25/2013,803,1274,6,6,7>A beautiful oasis with tons of tables, upholstered chairs and cool posters of BB King, Bob Dylan, Charlie Parker and Billie Holiday. It's like hanging out in a big friendly living room.Super nice people behind the counter, huge selection of stellar hot and cold beverages. Oh, and a tempting pastry counter too..Today, I stopped in and had one of the very best iced coffees I have ever had in my life!!
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,5/24/2013,64,133,2,2,2>A solid 4 star Indian restaurant.  Staff is friendly, food is awesome.  The place is clean, and the decor is inviting...kind of fresh and modern looking.I went with my brother in law and husband for lunch one day when in the area.  They offer a buffet for $12 with a good variety, which my BIL got and he enjoyed.I'm a chicken tikka masala and garlic naan fan, so I just ordered exactly what I wanted...and it was one of the best ctm I've had in the state in my opinion.Our server was nice, attentive, and knowledgable about the food.  He made sure we had everything we needed.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,5/23/2013,259,227,3,6,3>I had been wanting to try HBC for a long long time and boy am I glad I finally made it here.I'm giving it 5 stars just because I'm sitting at HBC and working right now and it's just putting me in the best of moods. Food:Everything seems so fresh and simple and delicious. We got a turkey sandwich-simple nice ingredients made this sandwich refreshing and definitely a hit. (Turkey sandwich-"Plainville Farm Turkey Breast with red pepper aioli, provolone and arugula on ciabatta roll.)Also got the Brie and Raspberry Jam on a baguette. I LOVE the combination of brie and jam. Very simple, very delicious.Drinks: Hot cocoa-with a little foam art to top it off. Iced coffee. Both yummy. HBC offers a large variety of fresh breads from "Olive levain" to "provolone ciabatta" to "country french" and so much more. Made fresh daily. They sell half loaves to full loaves. They also sell "Yesterday's breads" for a small price of $3. Did I mention the danishes and muffins and cakes? They have baked foods ranging from "stone ground corn muffin" to "pecan walnut sticky bun" to "rustic fruit crostata" and chocolate and fruit bars. Everything looks super fresh, super homemade, and super mouth watering. Free wifi to boot. Besides the food, I LOVE the atmosphere here. small tables so not the best to work in large groups but great for when you're with one other person or by yourself. Big bright windows with lots of sun light streaming in. Low key music that allows you to socialize and work. All the employees are super friendly and nice. I love it all. The feeling of being in here, amongst so many people coming in and out to grab fresh bread or a weekend breakfast. The rustic feeling of all the wood and bread all around me. It really picks up your mood. Come!!!Only downside is it's only open till 5:30 M-Sat. and 2 PM on Sundays. Private lot.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2013,5/22/2013,222,115,2,5,3>My craving for cannoli and red velvet cake hasn't dissipated!Location - Taste of Italy is a small little business that sits to a couple of other businesses so it can be a little difficult to find.  Since I reside in Middletown, I know where it is however for those that are looking for it, it can be found right before the Middletown Toyota car dealership.  Parking is in a lot out front and there's lots of space though this might not be the case during the holiday season when people are ordering their cookies, cakes, etc. but I'm speculating here anyway.Aesthetics - The place is small with the usual bakery/delicatessen counter.  There are some tables and chairs that can accommodate couples of groups of 3-4 individuals.Menu - there's a menu on a large mirror behind the counter.  Toward the back of the store, the cases that house the food are also labeled as well.  Point of note, this place sells food for lunch as well and not just bakery/pastry items.  You can get food like Chicken Marsala, grinders, and even pizza slices.  I noticed that the large variety of cookies were not labeled but with the real McCoy in front of you, who needs a name!  Why does everything have to have a name?  Can't we enjoy the look of those beautifully made cookies?Service - Coming in today, there was only one girl behind the counter and she was super helpful and friendly in answering my questions and very patient too.Food (or what I ordered) - Unfortunately my craving for a sliver of red velvet cake would have to continue as they ran out of it.  :(I ordered 6 large cannolis seeing as I couldn't have my red velvet cake - 2 ricotta, 2 vanilla, and chocolate.  Those are your choices for cannoli available here and much to my surprise it is made fresh right in front of you.  You can also get optional toppings like cherry, chocolate chip, or almond so I opted for chocolate chip to be added to the vanilla and almond to be added to the ricotta.  I also ordered a sliver of neapolitan cake.Suffice it to say, after consuming all of the above sugary items that I ordered today, I have been in a hyperglycemic state/stupor!  The cannolis were very tasty and one can taste the freshness of the ingredients including the crunchiness of the shells - definitely not soft at all.  The neapolitan cake was rightly made with cake and custard and icing!Rating - giving them a 4/5 stars only because they ran out of my red velvet cake otherwise I would've given them 5/5!  Definitely will be returning to sample their large variety of cookies!  I'm already salivating....
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,5/21/2013,397,324,5,13,4>50 West offers menus of fresh ingredient with a new menu with each changing month. Each dish seems to be carefully designed with seasonal ingredients in mind. I heard the chef is from the Boston area.  50 West is nested in little Plainville. I'm shocked that such a place exists.  When I first heard about the restaurant I was excited to add it to my bookmark because I saw duck on the menu. Sadly duck disappeared from the December menu.  I usually use duck to evaluate a restaurant. As another reviewer mention, do make reservations. The evening I went the place was packed. Parking isn't too bad, they have both street side parking and a small lot shared with other establishments in that plaza. 50 West is definitely a family operated restaurant. It shows these people are invested in making their business standout.  Apparently the whole family helps out with the operation. For my main entrée I went with rabbit. Rabbit and lamb will be my backup when duck isn't available. I was overwhelmed with the serving size.  Two enormous rabbit legs rested on a bed of creamy white potato puree. The roasted rabbit was accompanied by an apple salsa sprinkled with peppers and herbs.  The rabbit meat was wet cooked not overcooked and I wouldn't recommend it any other way.  It was good the way it was served but for me personally I prefer a sauce or gravy of some sort. Maybe a bacon based broth of some sort. Asparagus and potatoes are rather dry vegetables, usually when I have roasted protein I prefer greens that release some juice. The food is the perfect representation of the concept "home cooked meals". You can taste the freshness of the ingredients and attention to detail with every single bite. I was relieved when my salad arrived. No a single iceberg, unfortunately cucumbers were replaced with zucchini.  For those who know me I grade a salad based on the availability of cucumbers. I'm sure I can put that on my wish list for future visits. This restaurant came highly recommended and I was hesitant to give it a try simply because many of the reviews were from reviewers I was not familiar with. I came to 50 West for duck but was more than satisfied with rabbit. The thing I loved most about this place was that the service and the food didn't taste factory made or mass produced. This is definitely the place for those wanting to experiment something new but are on the conservative side.  Overall I had a pleasant time, towards the end of my evening I noticed Duck Wings on the Happy Hour special board, I will definitely be back to give those a try. I'm disappointed that I wasn't able to grab nice pictures. I think I'll be asking Santa for a new phone this year.  A side note, I stayed way longer than their posted time and no one was eager to show me the door, any restaurant that lets me enjoy my meal without rushing me out the door will likely stay on my "must-revisit" list.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,5/20/2013,19,58,4,4,4>Sirinan's delivers, both quality food and home delivery.  I've ordered from them several times and have been impressed each and every.  From the lovely, friendly, Asian woman who has taken my orders to the last bite of food, I'm finding this restaurant to be a wonderful addition to the Wallingford take-out options.We've had both Thai and Japanese food from Sirinan's.  Sushi rolls have been delicious and fresh.  Even the pickled ginger is tastier than most.  I've had Thai noodle dishes that were great.  The Thai ice tea, with or without tapioca pearls, comes in a large serving and is perfectly balanced in flavor.  The Mango Delight (mango sticky rice) is superb; the mango is always ripe, sweet and delicious and the sticky rice soaked in coconut.  Even delivered, it arrives warm.Sirinan's is great value for the price.  I have never been inside the restaurant so I don't know what that is like, but for take-out, and especially delivery, this is a wonderful place. As an added convenience, the delivery-person always calls when she gets in the driveway so I can contain my dogs and have my payment ready beforehand. And they are open on Mondays, a difficult day to find sushi delivery.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,5/19/2013,88,253,3,4,3>What a pleasant surprise Gobi Mongolian Grill is! At first I was a bit unsure how happy I would be with the set up. As I have mentioned in earlier reviews any relative of the salad bar generally disgusts me. Everything here however looked clean and fresh. The staff could be seen changing the food out frequently and ensuring that the surrounding area looked pristine so I was not bothered. I had a small salad then proceeded to assemble my entree. There are lots of vegetables and sauces to choose from. The meats are all freeze-dried discs that look like potato chips so there is no risk of cross contamination. There are several noodles to choose from. If you prefer rice you can request it from your waiter. Once you've assembled your meal you are assigned a number so that your meal can be prepared by four chefs on a rotating wok while you wait. My food was delicious! I do wish the lines moved a bit faster and that there was a way to sample the various sauces but overall a good experience.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,5/18/2013,44,145,3,4,2>I know I heard about this place in passing at some point but didn't think about it seriously until I had a craving to go see Anna Karenina in late December '12 and this was the only theatre that still had it.  That, as well as other reviews told me that this is one of those theatres that runs the older movies, but they were playing Django Unchained which was much newer. This is a different breed of movie theatre.  There are 4 theatres I believe and a restaurant-where you an eat before the movie, or order dinner to eat in the theatre. They do have regular movie snacks also, as well as wine and beer. There weren't too many people waiting and when we got in the theatre there were probably 30 adults sitting down (maybe because of the movie we went to see)The ticket prices are on-par with the Rave and Bow-tie theatres in the surrounding towns.  There are a few street parking spots infront of and behind this place, but I don't even bother with that-I park in the south parking garage which is in the same building, its only $2 with a validated parking ticket (just ask when you buy your movie ticket).  This was so convenient for me, I really liked it. The seats in the theatre were black leather and they moved around alot--the back went back and forth and even the seat part had a bit of a swing to it.  The decor was very modern- a lot of black wood finishes. I'm usually hesitant to go into Hartford but the good parking will encourage me to go back soon.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,5/17/2013,55,59,4,5,5>i am completely shocked that i haven't written a review of eli's. seriously.being from boston i long for and hold dear to my heart the kitschy, divey bar. killer beer selection, unrivaled (state-wide and perhaps beyond) patio, and menu to match. i have to be honest in saying i might consider moving to middletown just to be within walking distance to this place. a bar for all seasons...i heart eli cannon's and you will too. ps..they do bloody mary's by the PITCHER. jussssayin'.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,5/16/2013,129,155,3,8,7>After that Millwright's review, I'm a little lazy. I apologize ahead of time. I'll cut to the chase. **Wonderful service (we had like 3 waitresses). **Delicious food (Joe C. had the juice special which doubled as pureed juice and practically a whole fruit salad placed on top of the glass. It was watermelon, cucumber, beet and something else. We also had the special of CARROT CAKE PANCAKES (with walnuts and maple cream cheese on top, instead of using water for the batter, they puree carrots. Oh my lord. I had the Smokehouse chicken wrap with fried onion straws, bacon, chipotle sauce. It was ridiculously good (and a side of fresh coleslaw and potato salad--equally as good. I normally hate coleslaw but I literally attacked this first, before the wrap and potato salad). I had a bite of the meatloaf sandwich, also amazing. **Self serve coffee (love this) I've been to this place a few times and it's really a gem in Canton (if you like poached eggs, come here. They have a ton of different special poached egg dishes). Go play glow in the dark, black light mini golf with friends and drink beer and get a wonderful lunch here. They close at 2 pm on Sundays, which is a shame, because I could have kept enjoying myself and my company. I'll be back!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,5/15/2013,79,188,3,4,4>Finally got to visit the actual storefront -- so much more than cupcakes! This is a nice change from the more trendy bakeries that come with saccharine decor. My experience went like this: stand in front of the long display case. Shuffle around. Try to give myself a spending limit. Immediately find excuses for breaking with that limit. The scones are a reasonable size -- much smaller than what is served at chain and independent bakeries in the area. Everything was freshly baked, which would have been apparent even if the staff did not point it out. No cloying artificial flavors here! Vegan and gluten-free options. I had a strawberry scone for myself, a savory one for my partner, a raspberry lemon muffin and handful of Mexican hot chocolate cookies that we'll have to fight over later. When I arrived in the early afternoon they had run out of decaf, but did not hesitate to offer to brew a fresh pot. This ain't no D&D coffee! It's bean & leaf, a strong, organic, fair trade brand. The cup sizes are also refreshingly scaled down. Windsor isn't really part of my normal routine, but I'm thinking I'll start finding reasons to get up that way so I can visit Get Baked more often.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,5/14/2013,88,118,2,3,2>Landmark is one of my favorite places for breakfast in Manchester. It's just a hop, skip, and a jump away from my house, though I generally prefer to drive. The restaurant is nestled between the many small, local businesses on Main Street, and it's always hopping. The trick is to arrive very early, or during more brunchy hours (11a-1pm) to avoid a wait. Inside you will find several seating choices: high tops, mis-matched kitchen tables, or a spot at the bar. The charm of the conglomerate of tables and chairs, and the tchotchke salt and pepper shakers that vary from table to table are a welcome departure from cookie cutter establishments.This morning at brunch I ordered the South of the Border omelet, with vegetarian chili. My omelet was immense, and stuffed with a full bowl of chili. Their vegetarian chili is very much tomato based, and is comprised of miscellaneous beans and corn. The texture was slightly mushy, and the spice variation was limited. Perhaps some garlic, onion powder, salt, and pepper, at best. Still, it wasn't bad and complemented the dish well. There was a guac, sour cream, and salsa trio served with it. The salsa and guac were definitely not from-scratch, and the sour cream did its dairy duty. Landmark's delicious home fries, which are of the medium diced potato variety, satisfyingly greasy, and well seasoned also accompanied my omelet. I picked a biscuit as my breakfast bread, and was not disappointed. It was grilled, lightly buttered, and pretty glorious.  I believe their scones, muffins, and biscuits come from local bakeries. This monster plate was only $7.95.As far as service goes, our server was pretty unfamiliar with the menu, having to run back and forth to the kitchen several times for even the most basic questions. She was very confused when I asked if the refried beans were vegetarian, as she did not realize they are traditionally a lard infused product. We also had to repeatedly ask  for things like syrup and other condiments. I do value a knowledgeable, efficient server, so I'm going to deduct a few points here. Landmark is a very relaxed, cozy place, perfect for a weekend wake-up meal (you can show up hungover and not want to drown yourself in your coffee from the noise). The extensive menu offerings will lure you back time and time again.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,5/13/2013,69,97,3,4,3>Really good fried chicken.  Need I say more?  Ok, I will...NY Chicken is located on Farmington Ave. in Hartford, near the main campus for Aetna.  The first thing you'll notice is that parking is a challenge.  The lot is small and there are other businesses in the same plaza.  You may have to drive by a couple of times waiting for a spot, and if you have a big vehicle it can be a challenge to get in and out.However, the food is worth it.  The restaurant itself is small, with only a couple of tables.  It's primarily take-out with a variety of options.The star, though, is the fried chicken.  I've been on a number of occasions, and the meat is always tender and juicy, the skin crispy and well-seasoned.  It's greasy, sure, but not overly-so.The fries are solid as well, crunchy with some good flavor of their own.Prices are very reasonable, and service is quick if you need to pick something up to bring back to work.  Service has always been friendly on my visits.Overall, this is a definite recommend, on par with Greers in Bristol for my favorite fried chicken in Connecticut.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,5/12/2013,402,2019,1,12,7>Shebeen is the new brewery in town! Really nice space, super friendly people, and for opening day they had a big lineup of  beers that were all very good. I really thought the Cannoli Beer would disgust me, and the Concord Grape Saison just didn't sound right .. but those were our two favorites out of the 8 or so beers we tried. Parking is a little wonky, but that may just have been for opening day when it was pretty packed. Worth checking out for some interesting new beers in CT .. right on the waterbury town line. Good Stuff!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,5/11/2013,200,181,3,3,4>It was a cold Saturday night and my Yelp BFF and I luckily snagged the last two seats at the bar. After examining the menu, we realized oh HEYYY that little V symbol next to the drinks means VESSEL. Meaning....giant pitcher of tasty drink totaling 7 martini glasses full for the price of 2 ye 3 drinks. DEAL.We got the Edemame Sampler which comes with an edemame hummus, those tasty little fried wontons and fresh edamame, carrots and celery. Perfect.Came to work in the 'coffee shop' section another weekend, the waitress left me perfectly alone while I worked (horriable WIFI but whatever) - got a delicious vanilla chai and was tempted by the baked goods.Now that this place is spitting distance from my new place, I can see this being our new "after work" treat. Vessel me up!
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,5/10/2013,59,121,8,6,4>Ice cream? I scream? Car mice? What? Love this place!Are you kidding me with the flavors and options? Cookies n cream froyo? F yeah! Banananana swirl? Double it up! What's that? Coffee Oreo? I'm gonna punch you in the chest if you don't shove that in my mouth! Love coming here. Gonna go tomorrow for the Super Bowl and buy some just to pour over my body and scream at squirrels from afar. I will eat myself into diabetus because of this place. Only suggestion? Graham cracker ice cream using coffee or something else delicious. Oh who am I kidding, I'm gonna sleep under their soft serve machine anyway.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,5/9/2013,5,165,3,4,3>Went here this past weekend for Taste of Hartford and is was SURPRISINGLY fabulous!! We were a group of 4, two of us did the Taste and the other two ordered off the regular menu. My husband and the rest of the crew said the calamari app was the best they ever had, I had the pear and gorgonzola salad, out of this world. The shrimp scampi dish I had was succulent. I polished it off with lemon sorbet and fresh berries, I wanted to flip the table over and scissors kick the rest of the people there it was so good. Service is AWESOME, very fast, attentive and they kept the drinks coming. The others at my table had an old fashioned as their after dinner drink and they were all very pleased. It was a great way to start a very fun night.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,5/8/2013,105,113,4,8,5>I have to say all the staff who work here are great and obviously talented, but, Kristyn is a "sheer genius!" I'm probably a stylist's best or worst client, I just let them do whatever they want. Kristyn has an eye for detail: I walked in with a mess of long waves and walked out with a sleek asymmetrical bob. The best part of the styling other than the outcome was the HEAD MASSAGE. Not even 5 minutes into the rinse and I was almost knocked out! Each time I was treated to styling tips to help me do my hair at home. The products recommended truly worked and I didn't feel like I just threw money away to meet someone's product quota. I also get bored easily so now I've added color and the price although steeper is palatable for the area.The mill environment, friendly staff, fun knickknacks for sale and free beverages add to the quaint ambiance. Keep up the great work ladies!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,5/7/2013,14,28,1,4,2>Good pizza.  Good boneless wings.  Convenient location. The service is fast and on time.  The staff is friendly and helpful.I give the pizza a solid B/B+.  It's not going to rival Brooklyn NY but for CT it's good.  The meatball toppings are really good.  The boneless chicken wings are like chicken fingers with a nice crisp and plenty of sauce (nice buffalo heat too).Regarding the location, this spot used to be Filomena's (a favorite of many Yelpers) which has since moved to Main Street Manchester.  I was happy to learn that the Pizza Shoppe is actually still the same owners as Fillomena's.  Much of the menu is the same but there are a few differences between the two.This is a place I will certainly be back toCheers  :-)
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,5/6/2013,4,15,3,3,2>I had heard through the grapevine that Filomena's turned out a top notch pie, so I went to check it out. After three visits (a suitable sample size) I can render the following review:Filomena's is excellent. The few times I went it was not crowded which is a big plus for me. The staff were pleasant enough and the television was playing the Sox game, so I already felt at home. When I ordered a pie it came out in about 20 minutes, a bit faster for things like sandwiches. Their pie is just awesome. Not too greasy, and none of that paper-thin "NY Style" BS. The crust is a hearty compliment to the cheese and ingredients, not an afterthought as it is in some pies. The dough and crust in general were good enough to eat on their own as a standalone meal. The price tag is very reasonable too, two can have their fill here for about $25. I had their turkey club with curly fries on a separate visit, and it was above average as well. The fries in particular were stand out. Overall, I am extremely impressed with Filomena's. I have eaten almost every pie of repute in the area and Filomena's stands up with the best of them. If you are a crust lover, or someone who believes that pizza needs a strong dough foundation, then you will be very happy at Filomena's. The lack of a rambunctious, bustling crowd like at some Manchester establishments also motivates my return, as sometimes I like to just eat my pie in peace.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,5/5/2013,44,171,1,4,1>I've heard mixed opinions, mostly dealing with the location of this restaurant. I know New Britain isn't the swankiest of areas all over, and the expectation for a restaurant attached to a hotel is never one that's sky high, but we had a very enjoyable experience here. It was clean and the food was fresh at the time we visited - we had no problems to the contrary.$11.99 for dinner, $7.99 for lunch (except Mondays which is lunch pricing all day long). You have your normal Americanized Chinese buffet fare that you'd expect anywhere, and some other surprises thrown in, as well as a hibachi bar and sushi bar - all unlimited. The sushi was fresh and abundant, and though maybe not the most gourmet raw fish experience, it was certainly tasty. And it wasn't just a couple of boring old rolls either - a very good variety was presented with an attentive sushi chef waiting to craft new rolls. For the hibachi station, a salad bar-like setup makes it easy to choose from a large amount of ingredients, your choice of meats if you so desire, and either rice or noodles. Your selections are grilled up right in front of you, with your choice of sauces. It may lack the traditional hibachi "show" you get from the sit-down dinners, but it was delicious and all included in the price of the buffet. I was able to take home my unfinished hibachi order at a discount. Normally, you may get take-out by weight, like any other buffet, but when my leftovers came to $3 and change, she only charged me $2. I preferred to pay that rather than waste it, and enjoyed my leftovers the following day. I do enjoy the cheeky little signs placed around the buffet, asking that you take as much as you want, but please don't take more than you need. Something like, "Hello, my name is food, I am delicious but will be sad if you waste me!"The service was excellent, and the girl who grilled up my hibachi plate made conversation with us and made us laugh. The hostess and servers did not hover or rush us, which was very appreciated. The decor has been called tacky or gaudy. There is a modern flair via colored lights mixed with an attempt at a pagoda-like architecture. I thought it was rather fun, really. There seems to be a full bar, though we did not order drinks this time around. There are both booths and tables as well, and the bathrooms were spacious and clean. The koi pond could use a cleaning and refill, and it may be nice to have better signage over the lesser-known ingredients at the hibachi bar, but other than that this establishment has definitely earned a return visit.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/4/2013,47,138,3,8,2>The Black Rose is in the spot formerly occupied by Finn B-Ques, the failed Irish BBQ concept restaurant in Newington.  I actually was a fan of Finn's so I decided to check out the new place to see how it compared.  I'm glad I did.Upon checking in there with the Yelp app I was greeted with the news that I was eligible to receive a free glass of wine or beer.  So that got things off to a great start.After seeing a review in the Hartford newspaper that they had a new chef and a recent revamping of the menu, I decided to try one of the featured dishes, The Black Rose Sampler.Similar to an appetizer plate found at many casual chains, this one was a lot better.  It consisted of a third of a rack of fall-off-the-bone baby back ribs, six good sized fried shrimp and chicken strips breaded and finished with a sweet and spicy sauce which reminded me of the sweet chili sauce found at Thai restaurants.  This was an excellent platter.  It looked good in the newspaper and tasted good going down.Because it was happy hour I stuck to appetizer dishes.  The mozzarella sticks were run of the mill but actually pretty good.  And their fried calamari had a very unique twist that made it stand out.It was served with ground up chorizio sausage, fried jalapeno peppers and drizzled with a lemon aioli mayo and served with a side of marinara.  It kind of brought the cuisines of Rhode Island, New York and New Orleans together in a nice package.If you are budget conscious have no fear!  The Rose offers various reduced price small plate appetizers off their regular menu and beer and drink specials as well.I will definitely return to try their diverse main dinner menu which includes steak and chicken dishes, fish & chips, burgers and sandwiches, salads and pasta.The Black Rose has a real pub style feel and menu.  The owners are friendly, service is good and the food top notch.  Get out there soon!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,5/3/2013,19,119,3,3,3>We stopped into this place after late breakfast. We were going to pass it by but the window looked so cute and interesting, we just had to go in. The space is amazing. The decor is very cool and casual.  The cupcake display was full of beautiful looking cupcakes and the guy at the counter was super friendly (and super cute too!). We ended up getting 2 cupcakes. An adult twinkie and a chocolate chip cheesecake.  I offhanded said, " Oh it would be so great if you had a no sugar added cupcake." He said they had a weight watchers cupcake! Well, I had to get one of those for me! I was so happy that they had an alternative that I could actually eat.He packaged up the cupcakes and off we went. We ate them tonight. I had tiny bites of the two regular cupcakes and they were just great! Sweet and moist. MY cupcake was amazing! He said it was made with Splenda. It was wonderful. I think it was a banana split cupcake. It was sweet, creamy and delish! I would go back and try the other WW flavors when I am in the area.Only downside was they weren't cheap.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,5/2/2013,33,132,2,2,2>Been here a few times now as well with most recent stop on Friday 2/15 in the evening for a Valentine's dinner.  Here we go:It's in South Glastonbury, so you should go expecting a kind of upscale meets rustic vibe.  As you head down route 17 into the center of South Glastonbury, it will be on your left at a light.  You actually need to turn left at the light and make a quick right into the lot.  Should be easy to pick out, but can creep up on you at night and South Glastonbury isn't exactly beaming with street lighting (that's a good thing).When you walk in, you are treated to a very clean, farmhouse type look with exposed beam, hardwood floors and nicely highlighted art on the wall.  You can either head downstairs for a somewhat more casual experience with bar and live music (depending on when you go) or stay upstairs for a more formal experience.  Unless you're going at off-hours, you're going to want a reservation.  One tip here:  If you are going formal and have the option, choose the dining area to the left of the hostess table for a Friday / Saturday night.  The rooms to the right are actually situated above the downstairs bar and the live music coming from downstairs will be noticeable.  Wasn't a big deal for us, but may bother others looking for a quiet dinner experience.  Food here has been good to great.  This past time it was great to great.  I ordered the house special for the salad and it was phenomenal...Very fresh with cilantro, strawberries, goat cheese, something pickled that I don't remember and something sweet that I also don't remember...All I remember is that I finished every last bite and would have eaten another plate of that salad and I am not a huge salad guy.  My wife had the crepe appetizer and commented on how good it was.  There were 4 to 5 really interesting options on the entrée side, but went with the old standby of filet mignon.  Glad I did...Perfectly cooked with a nice port wine reduction to bring some sweetness to the plate and a potato gratin to balance it all out.  Outstanding.  Wife had sea scallops with pea and lobster risotto...Loved that as well.  Finished it all off with a chocolate dessert that was awesome as well....Very pleased with everything.Lots of good beer, wine, and spirits options as well.  Of course, for me it's about the beer....so started with a Founders IPA followed up by...another Founders IPA...wife and I went down to the bar area to enjoy the live music after our meal and had Cisco Whale Tale Ale...Not a place you're going to goto weekly, but highly recommend for that special meal or if you have client you are looking to impress.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,5/1/2013,173,343,3,8,5>I have had the pleasure of eating at The Kitchen on several occasions as it is within walking distance from my place of employment.  This past week, however, my husband and I ventured to The Kitchen after hours to participate in a Food and Wine Pairing class Chef Julie Carrion, Director of Catering & Education (and discovered by me on the Yelp Events Page)  My reasoning for going was two fold.  First - My husband is less of a wine person than I am, so I thought this class would be a good introductory course for him.  Second - I love wine but have a hard time when trying to decide what foods and wine complement each other.  I also get confused if the label does not have noticeable grape variety on it.The class into two sections.  In the first portion of the class we learned about wine's acidity, sweetness and tannins.  This was brilliantly illustrated by tasting Myer lemons and blood oranges (acidity), sugar (sweetness) and tea that had been steeped for various amounts of time (tannins).  I loved how she used food for illustration and broke down the language of wine into simple terms without feeling too elementary.The second portion of the class took the components that we learned in the first section and paired them with several dishes.  I was unsure of what type of food would be presented during this portion of the class, but I should have known based on the quality of the food that I have been served at lunch that the food would also be exceptional.  And that they were - from the pasta to the meats, each dish was cooked to perfection and at certain points in the evening I wished I did not have to share!Three white wines were paired with a simple orzo salad, pasta Alfredo and a shrimp scampi.  Two reds were paid with a beef and crispy chicken tender with a spicy Thai chili sauce.  I am glad that the food was served after the teaching portion of the class because I had a new found respect for how certain wines either accentuated or "did nothing" for a dish.  I also loved finding out how Mark's and my palette's differ when pairing the different dishes together with certain wines.  It was one of the first times that we were able to have an intelligent discussion about wine and it was lovely.All in all a great class.  Chef Julie is truly passionate about her love of food, cooking and Billings Forge.  She helped disarm some of the misconceptions about wine and was a great teacher to boot!  Also a special thanks to the employee that stayed past closing to help cook and plate the food.  She did a great job! I am definitely looking forward to attending another cooking class at The Kitchen in the near future.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,4/30/2013,8,55,2,8,4>Our party of 6 arrived around 5:30pm and we were seated right away (5 adults, 1 kid). We really liked the new look of the place, having last been inside when it was Houlihan's. They swapped the bar over from one side of the room to the other. Everything inside looked more high-end, but they didn't touch the bathrooms, and it showed. The doors on the stalls of the ladies room have really taken a beating. One was held up with duct tape. Not a good look. The paper dispenser inside the wall was falling off the wall. It was clean though, which for me is the most important thing.The service was prompt and polite. Our waiter was very helpful in making recommendations and making sure we knew that since things are cooked to order, they can accommodate the picky people in our group who didn't like one thing or another. The drink service was a little weird, with the bar order arriving before soda though by about 5 minutes. The menu was HUGE. REALLY HUGE. It was so big I was a little worried about how good the food would be, knowing they were cooking so many different things. Thankfully, this wasn't a problem.Food timing was a little off. We had either almost or just barely finished appetizers when food started showing up - and then one entrée was missing...for a while. However, when it did come, the server took the order off the bill for us without us even raising a fuss over it. Everyone seemed to enjoy their order - 4 of the 6 got burgers cooked exactly as ordered. I can't remember the other 2 orders now since it's been a couple of weeks.I will say that this place is incredibly LOUD. We noticed it right off when we got in, and while the restaurant was over 1/2 full when we arrived, it sounded like there were an extra hundred people running around. Everything seems to echo.I think we'll go back again and try it out. The food was definitely worth another go.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,4/29/2013,151,129,1,8,4>For everyone interested in shopping local and supporting small businesses during the Christmas season, you must check out Crandall and Daughter! ( Worth supporting them all year long, really!)  This one of a kind store is set up in a large 2 story farm house adjacent to the Stop and Shop plaza in South Windsor (directly across the street from the CVS) with a large private parking lot. The store sells everything from jewelry, wall hangings, decor, furniture, baby items, knick knacks and right now a slew of Christmas decorations ranging from small trees, wreaths, wall hangings, ornaments, etc.I went in last night and spent almost an hour looking at everything. You really have to go through each room to peruse because otherwise you might easily miss something! I actually went in just to look because I remembered loving their Christmas decorations, but I ended up finding a couple presents for a friend's upcoming birthday.The staff  here is very friendly and nice to strike up a conversation with while you are here. They will explain the layout of the store if you have never been in before and will gladly gift wrap for you. The gift wrapping is so cute too!! The woman working last night also told me that if you are cutting it close to when they are closing you can call and they will gladly stay open late for you. (They are open extended hours right now for the Christmas season, but I would call as the website is not updated.) What great and unheard of customer service!I haven't yet pulled all my Christmas decor out, so I know I will be back soon. I need to take an inventory of what I have before I buy more, but I know an ornament or two, at the very least is in order.Stop in, you will not regret it!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,4/28/2013,258,368,4,6,6>We had dinner last night at the Pond House and I just had to give it another star.  It made five stars for several reasons:We had starter salads.  The crab and avocado over arugula was tasty, but the beet and goat cheese salad was better because it was creamy.  Both salads as different as they were held two commonalities.  They were  made with fresh ingredients and designed with an artistic flair.  They were colorful, fun and just fabulous.  I never thought eating a salad could be fun.I had the red wine braised shorts ribs again over mashed parsnips.  It was like buttah! I loved it.  The meat just fell apart and it was a good portion.  The parsnips and carrots gave an element of sweet to the plate.  My friend had the pork with what seemed like a sweet potato loaf or casserole type under asparagus.  His pork was moist and tender.  It was just delicious!!  You just wanted to do a little dance while eating it was so good!  I eat with people who love sharing their food...I'm just saying.   We then ended the meal with the chocolate mousse pie and a chocolate chip creme brulee.  The desserts were just the right size.  Not too big nor too small.  It was just right.  It was interesting that these weren't too sweet either.  Just the right amount of sweet and softness to an extremely satisfying meal.  I sound like Goldilocks and the three bears, but it was just right. What a nice experience!  I'm going back for seconds.  Pros:-GOOD food....I mean, really gooooood food!  The ingredients were fresh, colorful and delightful.  -Great atmosphere. -Clean establishment. -Great location.  Its located within Elizabeth Park in West Hartford and has an artistic appeal. -The staff is professional, prompt, effective and efficient. -Plenty of free parking. -Did I mention the food was like buttah?!Cons:None
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2012,4/27/2013,116,265,2,2,2>I was fortunate enough to attend a private Yelp shops local event here on 12/3 and I am definitely a fan! Alan and his daughter Kate were presiding over the event and offered us an insight into the nuances of oils and vinegars. We were able to taste anything and everything to our hearts content and we learned some tips on how to properly taste oil.Bella Gusta is a great shop! It's very clean and everything is neatly arranged. Kate and Alan were both extremely knowledgeable and were able to answer all of my questions. The truffle oil that they sell (both white and black varieties) is made by steeping actual truffles in oil rather than using artificial chemical compounds.Just when I thought that I had tasted some magnificence, we were educated on the subject of vinegars! Bella Gusta sells true balsamic vinegars that are aged for years and years like a fine wine. They are fermented in a wooden cask and transferred from cask to cask to produce the desired effect. The vinegars that I sampled were nothing short of amazing! Be sure to try to traditional, you'll literally be able to drink it with a straw! It's very flavorful but not overly acidic and really redefines what a balsamic vinegar is.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,4/26/2013,80,717,6,7,10>Service isn't dead.Look, the food was very good. Meat with vegetables in a brown sauce, noodles with meat and vegetables mixed in, side of steamed white rice. That's all you really need to know... because, let's not lie to ourselves, all these operations are pretty much the same from a grub standpoint.But what makes this little Chinese gem shine though the dust and blight of downtown New Britain?- A *clean* and beautiful fishtank in the entryway.- A gracious, well-dressed host who expresses his gratitude for your business.- Black-tie waiters and staff that are patient and attentive. Your water glass will never be less than 75% full.- Exquisite place settings and teapots that make you feel like royalty... a frivolous thought perhaps, but most Chinese restaurants tend to come up short in this area.- Two words: Hot towels...- Forget that canned crap... They give you fresh pineapple and oranges at the end of the meal.It was a great venue to celebrate three wonderful years with one wonderful woman... my dinner date forever, Lesley Q.[I know, we're gross.]
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,4/25/2013,39,148,2,4,3>Went here two nights ago after finding out about this place. We loved Thai and live in New Britain, but had somehow missed Mae Kong before now. They have been there almost two years so I'm bummed we didn't come here before now. I had the Veggie Tofu soup to start and it was okay. It had lots of veggies, but the broth needed a little spice because it was a little bland. It did have the most veggies of any veggie soups I've had out at any type of Asian restaurant. For the main course, we had Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodle) and Crispy Duck. The drunken noddle had great veggies and noodles, but I did not care for the flavor, which bummed me out, but the Crispy Duck was really good. My husband got that and it had plenty of spice and he likes really spicy food. The house sauce was awesome. I had some on some rice and it had an excellent flavor- I would just have to ask them to make the dish a little less spicy if I ordered this meal. I uploaded pictures of each of our dishes and his Thai Iced Coffee which was delish.For dessert, my husband got Mochi Thai Ice Cream which is three pieces and you get to pick what flavors you want from strawberry, chocolate, green tea, mango, and vanilla. I'm not a huge mochi fan, but my husband is and he liked it. Next time I want to try the taro pearls in hot coconut cream. I've never had that before. I found that the had a large dessert menu- larger than most Thai places I've been to and they had a lot of different options that I have not had before so I will be back to try something else on the desserts and try a different entree besides drunken noodle.So glad to have a local Thai place to frequent! Also, they seem to do a lot of take-out. More people came in for take-out while we were dinning that came to dine in.If you live in the area, this is a must try!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,4/24/2013,62,151,4,9,4>As a die hard Feng devotee, I was a little skeptical when they opened this place as part of their resturant family. I never thought of them doing a quick take out restaurant that resembled a place you might find in a mall, but I am pleased to announce that its still Feng quality!While the selction isnt nearly as plentiful as the actual restaurants, I think thats to be expected. They still have great basic rolls. When I was there (and it was in the evening) they still had salmon/cucumber, philadelphia, spicy tuna, california, tuna/avocado, eel, and angry dragon rolls. We grabbed a salmon avocado and spicy tuna. I actually went AFTER a happy hour at Feng and had the spicy tuna when I was there... they were identical. And even though they are per-made, they still taste very fresh. There were also salads (seaweed) and some other packaged items. The man behind the counter offered up teriyai chicken samples as soon as we walked in. The piece I tried was good, basic teriyaki chicken. You grab your own chopsticks and soy sauce, napkins and silverware. There is a soda machine, or cooler case with bottles.What really gets me is the good prices and the convenience, which is probably what they were going for. Two rolls for $8.95? At Feng quality? Cant really beat that. Its quick, reasonable, delicious, and really great for the lunch crowd in downtown. Im sure its hopping during daytime hours. It has limited seating, but I would think the turnover is quick. I will definitely be going back to try some of the rice and noodle dishes.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,4/23/2013,31,127,1,2,2>Whenever my fiance and I are in a fix for some Indian food, this is where we go.I absolutely love Taste of India's chicken and lamb madras and naan. C absolutely LOVES the meat samosa (they remind him of PR empanadas) and veggie curry. I can also say that whenever we go, the meat is always, always tender- LOVE! Moreover, I like that I can call in at 9pm and still get a fresh take-out order (one of the few in the WeHa area).Also, I can't attest to what happens during their lunchtime buffet since we've never even at Taste of India earlier than 6, but I do plan on going eventually!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,4/22/2013,32,130,5,9,6>I usually do not review places that have so many good reviews already, but Pick and Mix really deserves it.  Also there are some misconceptions in other reviews: they DO have banchan. They have kimchi and pickled daikon, both are delicious. You may have to ask for them. I think if they give them to everyone who comes in they end up with a lot of wasted banchan because Americans have a wimpy palate.Similarities between Taco Bell and Pick and Mix: fast food. Great prices.Differences between Taco Bell and Pick and Mix: Authentic, delicious, healthy food.I've been to Korea and this place is for real. The kalbi and bulgogi are very tasty, but I think the standout here is the stone bowl (dolsot) bibimbap. Mmmmm! (Those items are pretty much all that's on the menu here. But there are many possible combinations of meat, rice, noodles, vegetables and sauces that you could make with the bibimbap. My personal favorite is tofu with noodles, most of the veggies, teriyaki and spicy sauce (go-chu-jang). Plus you can get the banchan, soda, and a miso soup all for one low price  - what a deal!Also, as many have mentioned, the guy who runs the place is about the nicest human being there is. I've seen him deal pleasantly with so many idiots who come into this place trying to order things that aren't on the menu or being clueless about what Korean food is. He humors them and tries to make them happy. Last time I was there he even helped me carry my baby out to the car in her car seat. This place is The. Best.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/21/2013,138,275,4,5,5>A solid place indeed.  I was surprised to read the mediocre reviews on this place.Not that Plaza Azteca was the best place I have ever been to, but it fared a lot better than similar regional restaurants such as Margarita's and even Besitos.Jason M. and I doubled dated on a bustling Saturday night.  We didn't have reservations because you cannot reserve a spot after 4 o'clock on a Saturday.  Though I was told that I was going have to wait 20-25 minutes, to our surprise; we were brought to our tables within 10 minutes.  Not to my surprise, but this place was extremely busy on a Saturday night.  I saw a lot of BIG groups there.We were served chips and salsa upon sitting.  The salsa was good and fresh; I could taste the cilantro, which was a great for me!  Since I was at a Mexican place, I felt compelled to get a margarita.  I ordered a small mango blended one and it was plenty to drink as well as plenty of sugar.  : DI had the gluten-free (or at least said on menu) Suizas special; chicken enchiladas with creamy tomatillo sauce.  It was delicious.  As far as authentically Mexican, I'm a lifelong New Englander so I have absolutely no idea.The service was good, though I didn't like that they kept pushing the tableside guac.As far as coming back, I would go during lunch time on the weekdays because they have fabulous coupons on the ValPak website.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,4/20/2013,104,202,2,2,2>I go here almost every Friday night with a friend, I love it that much.  We always sit at the sushi bar and watch the masters at work.  It's never really packed, but plenty of people to know that the food is amazing.  My friend and I get a variety of hand rolls and appetizers.  We always leave feeling full and satisfied.The only negative is that the service is reaaaaaaaaaaaaaally slow.  Not the sushi part, but the ladies who bring out the drinks and appetizers, etc., take their time in getting things rolling.All in alI, I highly recommend this place!!!!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,4/19/2013,46,93,3,4,2>For over a decade, this restaurant has been a mainstay in Vernon as well as my life.  You'll find me here during the week, as it's usually booked solid on the weekends (and I'm not the reservation type).  The menu hasn't changed much, if at all  over the years - but that's because Lotus has built its reputation on consistency, not trendiness.My order is pretty consistent here too - Spicy Soup with Tofu, followed by Saigonese Pancake with extra peanut sauce.  The Spicy Soup is build on a tamarind base, with pineapple, celery, bean sprouts, and tomato, all crisp yet hot).  The tofu's texture is unique in that it is fried to a crisp exterior.  Keep a napkin close by to wipe your brow - the soup's name doesn't lie!  The Saigonese  Pancake is sizeable, fried in peanut oil and filled with ground pork, shrimp, and bean sprouts and is no doubt a billion tasty calories.  The average age of the customer base is 105.  No doubt they have been drawn to the classic white linen tablecloths and somewhat formal service.  Why not 5 stars?  Some of the entrees are small (i.e. Ribs, Shaking Beef), and you really might need an appetizer to be satisfied.  Some entrees are also underwhelming and bland - Chicken Bird's nest comes to mind.  The restaurant's patriarch and host can be a bit of a Soup Nazi - there is a "No Takeout" sign hung prominently at the entrance.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,4/18/2013,63,166,2,5,2>Fantastic vegan chocolates and soft serve!I've been here several times and the quality of the chocolates (mostly vegan) are outstanding. They also have vegan soft serve and the flavor varies depending on the day. It is delicious!The prices for chocolates are a little high, but given the quality, I think they are fair. The only things to note are that seating is non-existent and sometimes the staff can be overly chatty and start rambling about random things.Overall, it's a great place to go if you're vegan, but even if you're not, the chocolates will not disappoint.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,4/17/2013,38,41,4,6,3>I was introduced to Cora Cora by my sister. I invited her out for breakfast one morning yet she didn't leave the house until lunch time so we were the first customers at Cora Cora.  This place is simply a gem lost in an eyesore plaza. I fell in love with the dishes we had that day.  My experience here was worthy of many future return trips. Food: Out of the world. The food portions were very generous and every dish that touched my tongue that day made a lasting impression.  If felt so inspired I had to stop at ADong's to get some yuccas to deep fry that evening. Deep fried yucca is a must try for those who never experienced the uniqueness of heavenly like Peruvian fries. Price: You can beat the price tag; the lunch special filled my belly without breaking the bank.  This is one of the most amazing lunch specials around in the area. Service: Friendly but we did have to ask for the lunch menu.  The food was amazing I'll forgive him for making me chew on ice cubes.Parking: Plentiful and Asian girl friendly.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,4/16/2013,79,190,3,3,3>I would give this place six stars if I could. I'm not exaggerating at all. This is by far the best breakfast I have ever had in the greater Hartford area. Management has got it DOWN! So organized, so delicious, so fresh.1. The bread is amazing. They bake it (obvi). I enjoy the anadama bread. Their irish soda is also delicious.2. They refill the coffees SO FAST and SO OFTEN. No waiting around for coffee here, and the coffee is always perfect.3. Everything I have ever had on the menu has been incredible and they have never gotten my order wrong. Service is zippy too.I remember getting potato hash that was awesome and I feel like they had cheddar hollandaise sauce or something? I don't know.I would recommend this place to anyone. Hartfordites like myself - it's worth the drive!!!So special.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/15/2013,617,380,2,5,2>Came here for after work Happy Hour with my coworkers. We are always on the hunt for a place with a late Happy Hour. This one goes from 3:35-6:35, which works for us. Most of the other places in West Hartford Center are absolutely packed during Happy hr, so it was nice to find this little gem of a place. Ct draft beers were $3, there was alist of $4 appetizers, house wines and well drinks were 1/2 off. I have not earned my beer conniseur badge yet, so I was torn between two beers. The waiter was nice enoug to bring me samples of each to try. I ended up ordering both : ) The food was yummm. Our favorite was the loaded fries (handcut fries topped with cheese with salsa, dijon, sour cream and ketchup on the side). We also enjoyed the steak & cheese eggrolls, wood smoked chicken wings, hummus and the stone fried flat bread. (hmmm I guess we had just about everything on the menu lol). There was only 1 waiter in the bar area, so the manager stepped in to lend a hand. They were also very gracuious when it came time to pay and we asked to split the check on all 4 of our cards. All in all a great experience. We will definitely be back!
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/14/2013,23,731,13,13,9>1.) Just to warm you up:I was invited here because Marie Antoinette, King Henry VIII, Alexander the Great and a few other icons of royalty recommended it to me. Thank you very much, I didn't need the court jesters to accompany me. Instead I let them eat cake.2.) What your eyes may see:It almost reminded me of being in the FBI or CIA, Men in Black, the Pentagon and white house. It felt like I needed to get through a lot of security clearance, retina and finger print scans before I could get into this place. Then I'd come to the entrance of On20, where a man slides a small eye seeing door and asks "who are you here for? what's the password?" All jokes aside, it took some time getting there, going from one building to the next, taking one elevator to get to the next elevator (by the way, interesting type of elevator, this all reminded me of that cartoon movie "The Incredibles"). I finally got to two golden and ivory doors that read "On 20" and it almost felt like I was at heaven's pearly gates. Once inside it was dimly lit, and kind of small. There was a bar side at the entrance with television. Getting closer to the tables one saw a wonderful scenic view of the Hartford city. Kind of like a panoramic night picture of lights and buildings. I'll be honest with you, but this place kind of reminds me of a nice hotel. It just has that feel to it. There's nothing too unique in terms of its inside look.3.) Food and drink:Let me tell you, if you are doing the 7-course meal with wine pairings you will be, EATING AND DRINKING, EATING AND DRINKING, EATING AND DRINKING. French food and wine.Did I mention that you will be doing a lot of eating and drinking? Yeah, well, if I didn't tell you that then I must say....................you WILL be doing just so. Out of the haze of eating and drinking, this was what I could remember. I had for the wine pairings prosecco, French white and red wines, and a dessert wine. The wines served were paired very well with each meal. The first thing I had to eat was a parfait. Let me tell you, the combinations and intricacies of this first one was definitely a palette opener. There was so much going on in this espresso sized cup that woke up my taste buds. Then I recall having creamy soup, a fish, lamb rack, and vegetarian dish, kale cooked in 3 different ways (blanched, rinsed and fried?), and a few types of desserts (ice creams, puddings, cakes, etc.). All of this stuff was beautifully arranged, and the concept reminded me of Indian food with how entertaining the flavors were. I remember in grade school there was a diagram of the tongue and taste buds areas. I noticed how each dish had components that jumped around from each part of my taste bud.We were sat at our table at 6pm, but we didn't leave this fine establishment until 10:30pm. 4 and 1/2 hours of eating and drinking!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!4.) Service:From the Maitre'D down to the bus boys, it appeared that this was a family owned establishment. The Maitre'D himself admitted that he was from Lebanon. I believed that the staff here was very attentive, fast, knowledgeable and polite. I definitely felt like a King. But I believe I knew that already after King Henry VIII and King Lois XIV took swords and placed them on each of my shoulders (yeah, that's right, I lived in multiple eras. I am immortal! Mooohahahahaha! *doing the Dr. Evil from Austin Powers pinky on lip gesture*). They accommodated to one of my friend's preferences which was a strictly vegetarian 7-course meal. That was awesome. Who says you have to love meat in order to eat a Michelin Star type restaurant?!5.) Impressions:I will definitely be back here. I recommend anyone who wants to WOW someone to come here. Breath taking views, attentive and knowledgeable staff, beautifully crafted and executed meals, this place SHOULD be a MICHELIN STAR RATED restaurant!If you do the 7-course meal with wine pairing, you will be here for at least 3 hours........EATING and DRINKING. The check was $388................but?..............It was all well worth it!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/13/2013,80,172,2,2,2>The Best Hangover Cure!  Love this place. Get a bowl of soup and a hearty chewy roll with lots of garlic and oil on top! Or get a Stromboli served on a big plate and smothered in their amazing sauce! This has got to be one of the best things I ever ate. I have only gone for lunch during the week and weekends, and the counter service was quick and friendly. In the warmer months the outdoor seating is really nice.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/12/2013,95,659,1,8,5>Every restaurant should operate like this.A greek woman who has been working the counter for 50 years, does everything the way they did on the day this place opened back in the 50's and hasn't changed a thing.Why should every restaurant operate this way?  Because when you order chicken here, she goes into the back, cuts a whole chicken into pieces, applies seasoning, breading and cooks each piece to order.  When you can see it, you know your food is fresh.The chicken was delightfully tasty, crispy, moist, everything a good piece of fried chicken should be.  Wait a minute.... i said fried, but they're not fried, they're broasted.  A process that involves very little oil and actually cooks the chicken from the inside-out.It's healthier, tastier, and fresher than any other place serving fried chicken in this area.  If you're thinking chicken, think Broasterant.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,4/11/2013,58,234,2,3,2>I was super excited to finally eat at this place after seeing all of the reviews and excitement from everyone else in the Yelp community.  This place is a little small so I recommend making a reservation for a large party or during a busy night.  Being a bourbon bar, they have a significant listing of them, but they also had some interesting beers on tap.  The pizzas were delicious!  We ordered two pizzas to split between 4 of us.  We ordered the Honeymoon and the special pizza of the night, the Beet-nik.  The Beet-nik was awesome.  It was a white pizza with goat cheese, caramelized onions, and roasted beets.  It came highly recommended by our sweet waitress.  She was spot on.  The bill was reasonable and there are still quite a few pizzas on the menu I cannot wait to try.  I will be going back for sure!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,4/10/2013,132,600,1,6,4>I was wrong.I had thought that I had gone to all the good pho places around. What was another? But then, as I was going to Pho 501, I ran into my friend Christine -- a self described Pho-expert.  She said this was the best. Better than Boston. Better than Le's.  After trying it, I can't say she's wrong.  Yes, there's just Pho on the menu. So what? That's what this place serves.  Fortunately, it does it very very well, for a reasonable price. $7 buys you a big bowl full of rich broth, tender meat, sumptuous noodles, with a side plate of Thai basil, sprouts and lime. Add some rooster sauce, and it warms you up on a winter day.It's small. It's crowded (I sat at the "bar") and it's a little confusing. So what? It's a hole-in-the-wall. You're not paying Max prices. What you are paying for is good Pho.  It was quick. Water was refilled promptly (without asking) and they take credit cards (contrary to some of the negative reviews).  Best Pho around these parts and, for the value, that bumps it up to five stars. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,4/9/2013,48,117,5,5,4>For those with undying gastronomic curiosity...I ordered the Sichuan Pork Lung in Chile Sauce the other day. What arrived to my table was a chilled bowlful of thinly sliced meat, generously convered in a mixture of Sriricha-type sauce, and LOTS of garlic..finished with a few nice sprigs of Cilantro. My eyes widened as I picked up my chopsitcks.If you are one of those who are turned off by food that has multiple textures, then this is not for you. Such things do not turn me off, however, and I took a slice with an open mind and palate. the chew is, on the average, like well-done liver, give or take. The flavor was amazing, and I found myself going into a non-stop cycle of pick up & eat.The owner/manager came into the bar where I was eating - admittedly wanting to see who ordered the lung. She said I was the first non-Asian to have it, and most people who do order it wind up getting 2 or 3 orders at once.This dish is, without a doubt, an acquired taste. If you are adventurous, do give it a try...just make sure to have a few spritzes of Binaca to help tame the garlic breath before you kiss your honey goodnight!
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,4/8/2013,106,332,2,4,3>Due to the beerpong tournament at Arch street tavern, we left and headed for the bistro.It is part of the cinema movie theater across from the downtown Marriott.The waitress was very nice. She offered suggestions on the food that was bang on.We were drinking tequila so we had the cucumber special. Very good.Someone ordered the mozzarella balls which was pretty cool. Little different then what someone is used to. Not super greasy and were cooked perfect.Apparently the salmon burger was very good. 1/2 of the bun was stale but  not worth complaining. Just didn't eat it.Burger was rated about a 3/5 so needs some work.Per the waitress recommendation  the  chicken sandwich was ordered and was reported as being awesome.Ordered the steak sandwich. Also a 3/5. Nothing to write home about.Salad was mediocre but was nit expecting anything crazy.French fries were dusted with a dry popcorn cheese which was tasty and different from traditional salt.The brownie Sunday was ridiculous....so good!!!I feel this place has a lot of potential. It is totally clean an updated being brand new in November 2012. The waitstaff was again very nice. Music was absolutely terribly depressing so that has to change, especially for a Saturday night.....I look forward to returning to see if any posts like this will make any differences for change for newcomers. Too bad hartford was a ghost town at 9 pm on a Saturday night....
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,4/7/2013,25,68,3,6,4>I've been to J. Gilbert's about four times now, and I'm torn between three and four stars, but ultimately, this place does basics well.  And honestly, when I want a steak, I don't want frills - I want a well-cooked, properly seasoned, fresh cut of meat.  J. Gilbert's has never let me down.The restaurant itself is modern and can feel a bit overwhelming and loud.  That said, I've never found it uncomfortable or distracting.  I guess it's just a matter of taste.  Service has always been wonderful - the waitstaff really know their wines and their steaks, and they're patient and happy to explain anything and answer any question.  I've never felt rushed.Food!  The meal starts with a delicious crusty loaf of sourdough bread and a unique complex butter.  I can't remember the specific flavors I have had, but each one has been interesting and a nice change from the typical salted butter or olive oil.  As for the main event, every time I go, I inevitably end up ordering my go-to steakhouse dish - filet mignon, rare+.  I've ordered the steak simply, with sides, and also as part of a surf and turf platter, which came with succulent grilled shrimp.  Both choices were wonderful, and I was particularly excited that I didn't have to choose between meat or fish (I'm not good at choosing, as I always want it all).  Every side I've ordered or tasted has been great, too!  Simply sauteed asparagus, spinach, mashed potatoes.  Even the mushroom risotto was good.I think what's best about this restaurant is that it keeps to steakhouse simplicity - no bells and whistles (though it offers those, too, if you want them!) - it just does simple steak (and seafood!) well.  I'm a big fan!
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,4/6/2013,108,203,1,5,3>Tom and I headed out to lunch with Jill and Cory. I've been talking about wanting to go back here since a Yelp event a few months ago, so I'm glad we finally made the time. Even though it was pretty busy when we arrived, we got a nice big table by the window.Jill and I both got the "Big Bangin Monster Steak and Cheese"--and it was all of that and more. Real steak, cooked up perfectly with a great spice blend that gave it an amazing peppery flavor, caramelized onions, cheddar cheese, mayo, lettuce and tomato on a hefty roll, served with fries (regular for me, sweet potato for Jill). The steak sandwich was delish and was the envy of Tom--but where was the mayo? There could have been more cheese, too--there was a barely there sprinkling of cheddar melted atop the steak. These two things didn't stop me from enjoying this sandwich. I want another one right now, just thinking about it.Cory and Tom had burgers--Cory's all-American burger must have been good, since it was inhaled. Tom went with the Chimi burger, which had the house chimichurri sauce on it--but where was the sauce?? A very, very light coating of chimi sauce was found upon opening up the burger, but it really couldn't be tasted because there definitely wasn't enough of it. Tom also ordered a roast beef sandwich to go, and he had the same problem again--he ordered it with a garlic mayo and it was barely there. It seemed that maybe the kitchen just does a small squirt in the middle of the burger/sandwich and doesn't layer it out to the sides of the meat and bread--we all love creative condiments, so let them shine! Next time I will be sure to order an additional side of the sauce to meet my particular taste.Oh and the fries were incredibly good! I don't know how they make or season them, but they are damn tasty and addicting! The sweet potato ones were ok, nothing special, especially in comparison to the regular fries.Service was friendly (and even hooked us up with cookies because of the Yelp check-in!) and we were all stuffed by the end of lunch. We will definitely return!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,4/5/2013,56,133,2,3,2>The three times I've been here have been pretty great. Decent wine selection, decent beer selection, and good food.I would recommend the eggplant fries as a starter - the small is a massive bowl and they weren't greasy, which was surprising. My friend had a massive Sicilian orange salad, and I had the mussels Amalfi. We both ended up taking over half of it home - the portions are huge.I've also had the chicken Marsala, and there are three breasts over pasta. I'm partial to a more Marsala-y sauce, but it was still pretty good. Again, to-go containers. We also ordered the quesidiche for an app, and it was really, really good. Bacon, jalapenos, cheese, bread...what else could you ask for?The last time I was there was for the pizza, since it's Lent and there is the no-meat-on-friday rule. We had the Margherita and the Bianca. Between four adults and two toddlers, we managed to finish all but 4 slices. The pizza is thin crust, never burned, and the cheese mixture on the Bianca was declicious, if not a bit heavy for our second pie. The Margherita was the overwhelming favorite - light, crisp, and delicious. I wish they could deliver to my house.The one drawback is the wait. You can end up waiting over an hour, and there really isn't a place for you to stand. The three times I have gone here, I've waited anywhere from 30-80 minutes, and the 30-45 minute waits are usually on weeknights. It's more or less reasonable with prices, and it's a good place to go with a group (if you have the time to wait) and hang out.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,4/4/2013,21,64,2,7,3>This small, cozy restaurant is easy to miss in the Blue Back Square area of West Hartford but don't.  The atmosphere is great, the wine list is extensive and the food was wonderful.  Our waitress was very nice and gave us ample time to order and sit and relax after the meal.I was there with 6 other people and we ordered a variety of appetizers to share on the table.  The Federal Risotto Balls in Truffle Butter are wonderful.  Everyone enjoyed the Whipped Hummus and the GREAT bread to go along with it.  The fried baby artichokes were my favorite.  We also had a meat and cheese plate on the table that was wonderful. There were a variety of main meals on the table.  I had the Pan Roasted Mussels which were DELICIOUS.  The best part is dipping the bread in the sauce at the bottom of the bowl. The seared Sea Scallops were loved by one person at  the table, another person thought they could be a little more acidic.  Another woman at our table had the "Soup and Sandwich" a play on tomato soup and grilled cheese. She did not expect the soup to be so spicy but it was good she was surprised to see very little cheese the in the grilled cheese.  She said she would not order that again. The pork Belly "Taco's" was another big hit at our table. The seared shrimp was also very well done. Everyone was commenting on how flavorful the food is.For desert our table shared an order of  French Macaroon Ice Cream Sandwiches.  It was a nice cold bite at the end of an enjoyable meal.The portions are not large here, this is not the place to think of big leftovers coming home.  The menu offers two different portions for a lot of the meals.  In the case of the seared shrimp meal it is a difference of 2 jumbo shrimp versus 3.     My biggest complaint about the restaurant is that it is noisy.  The table are on very close and the din in the restaurant is loud.All is all, it was a wonderful night at a great restaurant.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,4/3/2013,412,837,2,7,5>After a bust lunch trip to La Boca, we returned tonite originally just for drinks. The same lovely bartender/waiter we had before at lunch greeted us. He remembered us and asked if we wanted the same drinks again. We actually decided on some different ones. After some time we were able to engage with Pablo and found out more about the place. We decided to get some non-mexican food and really enjoyed it. (Pork "wings" with diabla and habanero sauce.) They were really good. I then confided in him that I did not like the mexican rice we had the last time. He asked why we did not say something and I replied that I am not a complainer.Pablo was a sweetheart thruout our stay and engaged in lovely conversation. It was not until the last moments before leaving that I found out he was the general manager. WOW! Go here for drinks, good times, and the more gringo food.
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,4/2/2013,15,54,3,6,6>Two words. Blown away. Step aside Five Guys and Burger Co. No thank you, plan B....Goldburgers has easily the best burgers in the area. We went here after finding it on yelp and couldnt have been more thrilled with the service, atmosphere, and most importantly the product. Goldburgers is a small pub style burger joint in the center of Newington. Blink and you might miss it. And youll definitely miss the additional parking (located out back through a small alley next to the shop. Once you step in, its heaven on earth. Dont bother looking at the menu ahead of time, it will confuse you as it did to me. So the wife and I walked in at 7 on a Friday night. Tables were 3/4 full but no one in line. We looked at the specials on the board (reubens for SPD, chicken and waffle burger, specialty desserts) but decided on regular menu items for our first trip. The guy behind the counter (think it was the owner) was super friendly and helpful in choosing some grub. He was very excited to take the time to explain the local origin of all of the meats and buns and told us to take our time ordering. While we were contemplating, a couple of take out orders were phoned in. He told them each the wait was 20-25 minutes, then explained to us that he only said that so we could get our food quicker. Sounds good to me!We settled on 2 rivals rodeo burgers and a blue & gold burger with a side of fries. Im not a fry guy but my wife said they were awesome, fair style french fries. The food came out in about 10 minutes to our table and both looked and smelled unbelievable. The Rival's rodeo was a sight to see with double,cheese covered patties layered with very large onion rings in a tower. THe bacon was inside of the rings, with a spicy and hot bbq sauce on top. The overall taste was something out of a dream. The meat, cheese and toppings all tasted fresh and were still hot from the grill. I am not going to lie when I say that I instantly thought it was the best burger I had in my life. Why you ask? The meat, mainly. The patties were flavorful, fresh and perfectly cooked. The thing that separates this place from all of the other pub style and gourmet burger places is the meat. To me, that takes any place from a 4 star to a 5 star rating. After we ate, the owner came back to check on us and even bantered back and forth for a few minutes. To top things off, 3 burgers, a drink and fries came out to about 26 bucks. You cant beat that for the quality anywhere. I cant wait to go back and try out some of the more non traditional options or one of the locally made hot dogs. One thing to note, if possible, is to eat there. The place is small and seating limited, but those burgers fresh off of the grill made the experience that much better. I ate the blue and gold burger at home (2 patties, blue cheese, frizzled onion straws) and while still a great burger, it didnt have that hot off the grill, melted hot cheese taste that I got while sitting there. Truly a gem of a place to eat, especially for burger fanatics like myself.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,4/1/2013,14,84,,6,3>I can't believe I'm only just finding out about Priya.  A friend of mine who has travelled extensively in India asked me to go there with her.  She said it's extremely authentic and phenomenal.  I was a bit skeptical... incredible Indian in Rocky Hill?  It just seemed like an unexpected location.  We arrived just after noon (opening time) on a Saturday and the place was already packed with families.  It was great... everything I ate was phenomenal.  I attempted to try everything on the buffet, but there were too many options and I became full before sampling everything!  The buffet was fully stocked with chutneys, breads, and had a few South Indian specialties that you don't normally find like Sambar and a dry curry.  They also maintain the staples like tandoori chicken, daal, and naan.  They also bring around dosas (an indian fermented crepe-type dish) to the tables.  They were perfectly crispy.  They also have 3 options for desserts at the bar.  I tried all three and found them all to have complex flavors.  The staff was also extremely helpful and sweet.  It was an all around great experience and I can't wait to go back.  I've been thinking about it since I left!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/31/2013,86,169,4,4,3>The design of the Hartford Library's main branch impresses even when driving beneath it on the Whitehead Highway. Sleek and modern, the stacks of books are visible from the parking garage behind it, clearly marking its role and purpose. And understating it. In addition to books and periodicals, this library offers a host of other services. I actually visited to apply for a passport, and the woman who helped me was witty, efficient, and delightful. At the very same time, she was offering school project help to some young people while conferring with a colleague setting up for an evening program. Not to mention the other passport applicants in line. I don't mind the paid parking - honestly, I was grateful there was parking at all, and it's far less expensive than the private lots! It's useful to know that the parking entrance is on Arch Street, which is one way, so approach from east of Main Street.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,3/30/2013,61,81,2,2,2>Hello, 5 dollar French martini? Why, yes. I will have one of those.Disco fries and fried chicken with honey sriracha means a pretty good meal. Would have preferred it if my chicken came on a plate rather than a bowl because it would have been easier to manage the amount of sriracha per bite. Platery aside, it was a good meal. (tavern menu)I am also a huge fan of the margarita with jalapeño infused tequila. Divine and unexpected. Yeah parking is not as easy as the local chain place by the mall but you do have a choice of street parking and a valet. I've never had a problem with either. Oh, and they have a Cato Corner cheese plate!! (see my review of Cato Corner) Yeah local restaurant supporting a local farm. High five to that. I've heard amazing things about brunch here and will update once I've tried it.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,3/29/2013,81,208,5,4,2>Went here after a visit at Back East Brewery.What a nice place. Decor is beautiful. The interior feels big and open. There are two levels to sit on. And in the summer, I can just imagine them opening up the big windows so that you can dine al fresco.We sat at the bar for a late night bite and beer. The bartender, Evan, was very pleasant. For a mid-week night the bar was pretty busy.Republic gets a big GOLD STAR for keeping my water glass filled. I left very well-hydrated. Thank you, Evan.We split the Miso Glazed Salmon Burger with kim chi, cucumbers and radish sprouts and a field green salad. We got the kim chi on the side as I'm not a fan. The salad was perfectly dress and the burger was delicious. We ordered the salmon cooked to chef's choice and it came out flaky and delightful.My friend pointed out that in the bar fridge (which has glass doors) he saw every one of his favorite beers lined up in a row for his viewing pleasure. Since he's quite the beer connoisseur, I definitely will have to say Republic embodies the true spirit of Le GastroPub.Bien faites, Republic. Felicitations!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,3/28/2013,357,375,3,3,3>I thought about it, and while there are still a few kinks to work out with visiting the brewery, I can't give Relic any less than 5 stars because I love their beer so much. After first trying their Houndstooth at the Yelp event at the Crown and Hammer last summer, I have been on the lookout for Relic beers at bars ever since, and I'm always happy when I can find them. I visited the brewery for the first time on a recent Saturday afternoon. My boyfriend and I got there with an hour left to spare of open house, but they were already out of at least two beers, and they were running out of what was left. We didn't buy anything because there wasn't enough of the beers we wanted to fill a growler, but we were still able to try some samples, which were worth the trip. The highlight of my visit was the Fool's Gold, which was a wonderful, slightly dark, buttery, double altbier. For the rest of the day, I couldn't stop thinking about how good it was. There's a huge demand for Relic beer - we were told that people line up with lawn chairs an hour before they open - and now I understand why. The tasting area was very small and cramped for the dozen or so people who were there when I visited, but they're expanding to a much bigger tasting room. The owner/staff talked about how they're trying to expand production so they don't keep running out of beer like they are now. You can tell these guys really want to make more beer. I'm glad they do.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,3/27/2013,226,428,2,4,1>This place is great, although I feel like there are some very simple, very common sense things that could be done to take this place from a 5-star store with a 4-star experience to a 5+ star experience.  We were waited on and a lot (all) of our questions were answered, the attention to detail and attentiveness was very good but I couldn't help but feeling that everyone else there didn't have the same experience.  There was a swarm of people when we went most of the people knew what they wanted or were browsing but a couple of people really didn't know what they wanted and just kept circling the store.  There were some people working behind the counter, some in the stock area and some cleaning the store.  Given how many people were walking through the store they should have all have  been waiting on people instead of doing maintenance tasks in my opinion.  Most of the samples were pretty much used up when we got there although there was enough to get a taste of everything we wanted to try.  Every tea sample has honey in it unfortunately which alters how the tea actually tastes and what tea you like.  If you don't eat honey or milk the taste of the samples may never be duplicated at home.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,3/26/2013,80,148,4,5,5>I came here with a group, not knowing what to expect. When you walk in the first thing you see is a grocery store. I think "we're eating here?" Walk through the grocery though and you come to food venders along the wall serving all sorts of Latin/Hispanic foods. I really didn't know what most of it was. Luckily though, I could see the food so ordered based on what appealed to my visual senses. The group I was with also ordered- a lot of food! So there was plenty to taste.Honestly, I can't tell you what we had. But the tasting was so much fun. The platters were huge! There was more food than we could eat costing an incredibly small amount of money.I would never have found this on my own so I am happy I went along for the ride. If you are in the area and hungry it is worth stopping in. You'll need to go back many times just to try it all.Only complaint- after a long day of work a glass of wine or a beer with the spicy food would have made it perfect.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,3/25/2013,5,71,3,7,5>Hana Sushi is one of the best sushi places I have ever been to.  They have a huge selection of rolls- both specialty and the usual- as well as a large selection of other Japanese favorites.  I would highly recommend this place if your are looking for a great sushi dinner in the Manchester area.The first thing you should know is that from the outside, the restaurant is quite off-putting as it is in a tiny "strip mall" next to a drive-in hot dog stand and across the street from a gas station.  So already the environment is leaving a bit to be desired. But don't be discouraged! Inside, the restaurant is tiny but welcoming.  There are probably not more than 10 tables there a few seats at a bar.  We arrived around 5 and there was only one other person there but by the time we left, it was crowded.  The food itself is amazing!  We started with gyoza, which was cooked perfectly- a bit crispy on one side but chewy enough on the rest.  We ordered a few rolls, one of which was a special, the Cupid roll, that had shrimp and avocado on the inside with slices of mango on the top.  We also ordered the Phoenix roll, which had I think either crab or shrimp on the inside with plantains and spicy tuna on top and then a spicy salmon roll.  Everything was delicious! Between the two specialty rolls, I could not decide a favorite, although I did love the mango on top of the Cupid roll.  As for pricing, Hana Sushi is comparable to almost any other sushi place out there.  The specialty rolls were anywhere between $10-14 and the regular rolls were between $4-8.  Although I live about a half hour away, I can see myself regularly taking trips here to satisfy my sushi cravings.    Highly recommended!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,3/24/2013,43,128,4,7,4>We ordered take out online from their website ,which was easy and cool. I got chicken korma and my boyfriend got the chicken tikka masala. On the website you can choose mild, medium, spicy once you click on the dish you want. I went with medium and it was spicy for me but still not overly spicy. My bf choose his dish to be spicy and that was too much for me but he was happy with it. We also got a side of naan and  tandoori roti which is similar but a little tougher to chew than standard naan. I was very happy with our food. And have left overs for lunch.Note: The restaurant is a take-out place having only four tables in front of the counter.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,3/23/2013,52,107,13,12,5>I am a serious foodie. I am an artist. I wear clean socks every day. I am a fan of what they've done here. I get it. I do. My 6'5" 300 lb Carpenter guy, Meh. Not so much.Me: "Oh how quaint and cozy."Grumbling guy: "What a tiny room. Tables are too close."Me: "Oh, what a nice table setup."Grumbling guy:  "The glasses are laying down. That's dumb. They roll."Me: "Oh, fancy menu - must be good."Grumbling guy:  "Whatttttttttt the... did you see the prices? Is there a view I'm missing?!?!"Me: "How nice to have water poured from a pretty bottle."Grumbling guy: "It's tap water, relax."Me: "Oh look how nice, she brought us a little tray with 2 green olives, 2 thin bread sticks and 2 dainty little pieces of cheese while we wait!"Grumbling guy:  "Are we supposed to SHARE that?"Me: "My Chicken Francais is delicious! Perfectly cooked, amazing sauce, smashed potatoes and beautiful, obviously hand-selected, al dente cooked green beans. Wow!"Grumbling guy: "This is mac and cheese? The bowl isn't even half full! It's not even a bowl, it's like a large cup. Is there more coming? They said this was an entree?  A side of bread? Can I at least get a roll or something? You're never picking again! I'm done and I'm starving."Beautifully decorated gem hidden in a mini plaza at the top of East Main in Torrington. I was so impressed with the atmosphere - I felt transported to a little European destination and really enjoyed the experience. The chef is extremely talented and my only wish is that he had a better location to better attract the clientele he deserves. Be prepared to wait at least 45 minutes or more for your food, because he makes it from scratch, as he should. Good things come to those who wait! Torrington has waited a long time and is lucky to have this fancy little bistro come along, and I hope there are enough of us to appreciate it and keep it going! If I ever divorce my big lug of a carnivore carpenter husband and date a french model, I'm bringing him here and leaving the man-show at Taco Bell. I enjoyed staring at the picture of the chef and his wife in France on the wall above me. It was certainly better than looking at my disheveled and disgruntled hungry hubbie looking like a fish out of water. C'est la Vie!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/22/2013,71,294,,5,2>In pursuit of a winter "activity," we ended up at Back East for a tour with some friends. We were offered free beer samples on arrival, which we drank at a cafe style table while we waited for the tour to begin. Everyone seemed pretty impressed by the brewery's offerings, and we took home a growler of Back East Ale for $9 plus deposit (I think). The guy behind the bar was extremely friendly, and in general, the place had a "we're laid back but still take this seriously" vibe, which I appreciated.The tour was conducted by Ed, one of the owners, and was pretty interesting. He talked a lot about the different equipment they use, and described the brewing process. I would have liked to have heard a bit more background on how the brewery came to be, but have no complaints otherwise (particularly because we didn't pay for the samples or tour). This was definitely a great way to kill an hour or so while supporting a new local business.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,3/21/2013,55,281,4,5,6>Paid a visit to Forbidden last night. So to warm up I had a Kopitini (martini) it's Malaysian Coffee, Khalua, Chocolate Vodka, Belgium vanilla vodka with a splash of Frangelico). That did the trick, then ordered the Coppal zinfendal which was deep deep red and silky! For  apps we ordered the Edamame Dumplings which had a suttle taste of truffles, nice and light and delicious! Also had Wild Mushroom Soup with Shiitake and enoke mushrooms with a tofu sponge. Nice and rustic, perfect for a chilly night. We also had as an app the Zhong  Qing Red Oil Wontons which is steamed pork wontons tossed in spicy hot Mala oil. Light and delicious! For dinner my wife ordered the General Tso's Chicken that was tasty, it also comes with a small order of white rice. I had the Peking Duck Con fit with wild mushroom noodles. The duck fell off the bone and was amazing, the noodles had a nice wild musky flavor from the shrooms. Excellent!  Dessert was nice and it was Forbiddens 7 year anniversay so they gave us a small sample of something they are adding to the menu next week. I don't want to blow it but it has honey and ice cream Yum!. I had the Shangri-La Lavender (Pandan) Creme Brule which was nice and crispy brown on top and creamy good. My wife had Lemon Curd Tort with Huckleberry Lychee Reduction that i had to sample. Very good and not too sour mmmmm! Service was awesome as always and very polite wait staff. The bartender helps out cleaning up tables (owner?) and is hilarious!Love this place!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,3/20/2013,22,76,3,6,4>I stopped in here for lunch based on the reviews seen here on Yelp. I can certainly say that this place is a GREAT find!It was pretty slow when I stopped in, but the owner made up for that. He seemed like a real down-to-earth business owner who knew what he was doing. Explained that in a town with 30+ pizza shops, he opened Brutus in order to stand out from the norm. Judging from the bright colored walls and vintage car memorabilia decorating them, he certainly achieved that goal!I ordered 2 dogs and a Snapple, and the total was around $7. Unfortunately, I didn't notice the spot on the menu board that read "Cash Only", so I asked where the nearest ATM was and was ready to go get some cash. He put the plate of 2 dogs and a handful of chips down in front of me and assured me that I could eat while it's still hot and worry about the money after I had finished. Says a lot about a business owner... He's in it for the food, not the dollar signs!One dog was the Texican: A dog smothered in chili, cheese sauce, topped with onion, jalapenos, and hot sauce. The second was more tame with just ketchup, mustard, and pickles.For under $10, I walked away full and VERY satisfied with my lunch.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,3/19/2013,112,156,4,5,6>These guys are SO knowledgeable!  My boyfriend is into brewing his own beer (thanks to the best Christmas present ever from yours truly :) ) and has been in a multitude of times to pick their brains and purchase supplies.  We recently bought our first wine making kit and chose one by recommendation of the owner and we can't wait to see how it comes out.  Wine is much more up my alley, personally.If you're a brew or wine hobbiest, check them out!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,3/18/2013,312,447,5,8,5>I've been going to Tyler English Fitness Revolution for almost four weeks and I love, love, love it!  It came highly recommended by the fittest guy in my grad school program so when I saw a Groupon for it last year I snatched it right up.  It expires next week so about a month ago I figured I'd use it since I want to be in the best shape of my life for a number of reasons:  a.) I just turned 30  b.) I am going to be a bridesmaid in several weddings this year c.) I am going to St. Maarten in a few weeks. This facility is located in an industrial park kind of area that also houses a doggie daycare (Uberdog), a hair place, some other things, and interestingly, a Crossfit box (Relentless).  Inside you will notice a clean and minimalistic space with TRX bands, kettlebells of all different sizes, dumbbells in varying weights, sometimes a big tire to the side, and some resistance bands and foam rollers in the front.Initially, you will go through an orientation with one of the trainers where they will show you how to foam roll and tell you about the workouts and what types of things to expect on metabolic strength (focus on strength training) and metabolic conditioning (focus on cardio with strength work incorporated) days.  They will also tell you what type of clothing or shoes would work best with this kind of workout.  Minimalist sneakers are recommended (I have always preferred them over regular sneakers anyway since I find them to be much more comfortable).You are expected to arrive 10-15 mins early to foam roll it out.  You cannot be late.  The workout begins with a warm up that might include high planks, side planks, high to low planks, plank jacks (the worst - they're awful), mountain climbers, sprints, stretches with resistance bands, and some other things that I don't know the names of, but it really varies day to day.   It's always a series of different moves.  Then, you will go into the workout itself.   That also changes up depending on the day.  The workouts are intense and challenging, and in the moment you kind of wish it was over, but they do go by fast.  The coaches have all been fantastic.  They push you to your limits and then some, but not to the point where you will seriously hurt yourself.  I know that I would not work nearly as hard if I were doing it on my own (I've tried).  They're also excellent at making sure you have the correct form so you don't injure yourself when lifting heavy objects.  Also, they're knowledgable about nutrition and dietary recommendations and are willing to advise you on what foods to eat and what to avoid.  Justin, Carter, and Brian have all been great.  Since every day is different, I never know what to expect.  Some days I feel like a bigshot and other days I feel like a weakling, but after every workout I feel like I've made a major accomplishment.  I always leave with a post-workout glow, even when my legs are shaking and I can barely walk to my car after a million jump squats.  One time my roommate semi-jokingly said, "Banana, you're glowing.  Are you pregnant?" to which I replied, with a grin, "No.  It's just that I'm getting stronger."  It's a good feeling.So, anyway, moral of the story is:  This place rocks.  Go here.(Deducted a star because they were a b*tch to get ahold of initially, through email and phone.  I finally went there and spoke to someone in person and it has been smooth sailing ever since.  Also, a little pricey, but worth it if it's within your price point.)
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,3/17/2013,115,309,,3,1>Kudos to Wood'n Tap on their gluten free menu!We were very pleased with how well our server catered to a member of our party who has multiple food sensitivities.  Well done!One of our colleagues tried a Mac'n cheese, bacon - Chipolte flavored pizza.  Hmmm I did try a slice, it does incorporate all these flavors.  I think this would be a huge win if you have some 15 year old boys in your household.  This pie was large, high fat, high carb (and tasty).The rest of us were less daring. The steak, burger & ribs were good.  The house salad is pretty good, the dressing is served on the side.  If you are a sweet potato fry person, they are on the menu.Chocolate bread pudding is a nice dessert option!
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,3/16/2013,245,117,1,7,8>Everyone on Yelp pretends to be a food critic---scrutinizing every minute detail of our meal ("would have been great with a hint of salt" "medium rare, but came out a rare medium" "undercooked" "overcooked" "would have tasted better with a light sear on a cast iron pan!")--we are all guilty of this. And I love reading and writing yelp reviews just like that.However! I'd like to take this review a different direction. But let me get the basics out of the way: the food was wonderful! I tried the dumplins, jerk shrimp and jerk chicken. The dumplins were great, warm/sweet/doughy insides. And the jerk flavor on the meat is spicy and addicting! Good food, no leftovers, no regrets.Now to the different direction. I take the "4 stars 'Yay! I'm a fan.'" very literally. I felt really good eating here, 4 stars for literally making me a fan. Heres why:Island Grille we were informed had justttttt opened, the staff is new and just get acclimated to the whole situation. However, this is the perfect example of how simply treating your customers well, makes them fans. Our service was on the slow side, we received our salads with our meals, when we could have gotten them during out long wait for the entree, and other minor details that would irk and anger most. Every service flaw was qualified and apologized for, the charm and genuine nature of the wait staff made me forget any negative vibe that may have emerged due to slow service. People hate bad service, because they feel like the staff doesn't care, I never got that feeling. If you want to eat a place where the workers actually care about the product they put out, and the customers they serve, this is the place.I left Island Grille with a full stomach and the hopes that this little restaurant finds the success it deserves. The recipe for success is there, great food, great staff; and hopefully just work out all the kinks to please those who may not be so forgiving. Check this place out, your stomach will thank you!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/15/2013,803,1274,1,11,12>I've been watching all of these 5-star reviews pile up with a certain amount of curiousity. Can this restaurant really be so good, or is it exerting some sort of mass hypnosis on the reviewers? Tonight we went there to celebrate a family engagement, and I can say without any hesitation or equivocation that Millwrights is about as good as it gets. Excellence in every respect.Five us went there tonight and we had a tremendous experience.  We were greeted with cornbread biscuits served with a delectable butter as we were seated. After cocktails, we shared three appetizers. One was a Smoked Salmon Rillette for $8 (served with creme frâiche froth, and "everything bagel" spice, croutons). This was a masterfully deconstructed bagel with smoked salmon - a real genius of a dish. Next was a dish of Roast Vegetables ($11) served with blue cheese mousse, walnuts, and balsamic vinegar. Lastly we sampled a Tuna Tartare ($14) with pickled pear, coriander purée, and puffed wild rice. The tuna was stellar.Our five diners chose five different entrees and there was nary a morsel left on anyone's plate. On our table were Pork Loin ($27) rolled in pork belly, pickled apple, turnips, garlic grits, Duck Breast ($28) served with brussels sprouts, sweet potato purée, duck confit, foie gras jus, Fried Chicken ($25) served with creamed greens, pommes puree, pickled red onion, Duo of Prime Beef ($33) ny strip & short rib, twice-baked potato, shallot bordelaise, and Venison Loin ($29) sausage wrapped, vegetable pot-au-feu, preserved strawberry jus. They were every bit as delicious as they were gorgeous to look at.Everyone went for a dessert - Pear Crumble for $9 (served with creme frâiche ice cream, Cherry Cheesecake $9 served with a lemon-fennel cookie, candied pistachios, and ginger ice cream, a Black Out Cake for $9 - devil's food, raspberry, salted streussel, and roasted pecan ice cream, and two Pumpkin Bread Puddings $9 with cranberry, and caramel ice cream. Do I need to tell you how wonderful they were? Of course not.The decor and service were wonderful. Five cocktails, three appetizers, five entrees, 5 coffees, and 5 desserts were $300 and worth every penny.We were just blown away by how amazing our experience was.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,3/14/2013,51,26,3,6,4>My mouth waters as I think of the brunch I had here from 2 days ago. I have been here for lunch before and was not impressed with a fried rice dish I had. The rice was mushy and wet, taste like sweet and sour sauce, not good. However, two days ago I came here and had brunch with my friend and I am still thinking about how good it is today. Their brunch menu is pretty big and you can get a large variety of breakfast staple and also some south east Asian choices here. We both ordered the East West Grille skillet recommended by our wait staff. I ordered mine with two eggs sunny side up with wheat bread. This is a hearty breakfast, with your typical potatoes, red onions, green peppers all chopped up. This version of the skillet came with Laotian sausage and ground pork. Oh so good. The portion is large, although I wanted to finish everything, there was food left on my skillet. I didn't like the food smell lingered on me for the next 3 hours as I watched a feature film in the cinema but I still want to go back for more. This perhaps is a sign that I found good food.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,3/13/2013,397,324,5,8,5>I had a dinner date with my little sister and the experience was simply wonderful. We arrived at 16:30PM and the place was empty. It didn't bother me much because I knew it was early for dinner. Senior citizens and school aged children have dinner at that time.  Our waiter was friendly and polite, I'm glad he didn't pressure me to buy drinks. Hot Antipasto for 2 : $12We started off with a hot appetizer dish full of fried goodies. For the price tag of $12 that dish came overflowing with food. My little sister was simply in heaven. She raved about the fried calamari and stuffed mushrooms.  Positive feedback from a picky eater meant this place will be added to our list of dinner date options. Chicken Parmigiana & Chicken RomanoWe both went with chicken dishes. I'm not a fan of chicken actually I rarely eat chicken unless I know its cage-free but when I'm out I make an exception.  My chicken romano was delicious.  The artichoke hearts drowned in cognac sauce was just what I needed for a long day. The sauce on the parmigiana was just right not too salty at all. I'm a fan of this place, the price was right and the service was even better. We got soo much food, I packed my leftovers for work the following day.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,3/12/2013,44,120,2,4,2>This is not our usual vet, but we came here because I wanted a second opinion on a costly dental procedure that my usual vet was pushing.  I printed out the coupon for the free first visit and got to work with Dr. Efron, who was so sweet and knowledgable.  He confirmed what our other doctor was saying; Mittens needs her teeth cleaned!  He gave us a quote for the procedure and went through the file our normal doctor faxed over.  He prescribed an alternative medicine for the ear infections that have been plaguing my cat as well.  We're seriously considering switching.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,3/11/2013,37,115,2,8,3>We went here for my daughter's 12th birthday party, although we didn't opt for a "party package" since she felt that was a little too "young" for her. We had a good time. For a Saturday night, it wasn't too crowded, and our group of girls had plenty of room to move around the roller rink -- and fall, repeatedly -- without getting run over. The kids liked the Top 40 music selection and the fact that they could request songs. Service was fine. All in all, a fun experience, and a lot of the girls said they wanted to go back for their parties.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,3/10/2013,129,155,3,7,6>Oh, dios mio!  This restaurant is so fabulous. Having lived in Spain (both northern and southern coasts- Alicante and Oviedo, specifically) for 1.5 years of my life, I have had the pleasure of enjoying a decent amount of delicious Spanish cuisine. That's to say that although I won't find the ubiquitous 10 euro menu del dia in any restaurant in CT (complete with a bottle of red wine, appetizer, first plate, second plate, third plate, dessert, coffee- all for 10 euros), I certainly have found  authentic Spanish food in Hartford, CT at Costa del Sol. This paella (beautiful, bright orange and filled with land and sea treasures) stands up to my Spanish madre's home cooked Alicantino paella. My date and I shared Paella de la Casa (chicken, shrimp, mussels, chorizo). Totally. Amazing. I would have loved some rice-stuffed morcilla in the mix, but I can't complain (at all). We also shared a bottle of Valseranno Reserva from La Rioja, which was equally as wonderful. Favorite part: talking about how I should request Fabada (the most incredible Spanish white bean stew with lacon, morcilla, chorizo, saffron, paprika, eaten widely in the northern region of Asturias) on the menu so I could relive my Asturian adventures, and then OUT-OF-NOWHERE suddenly seeing it on the specials menu! I was flabbergasted. Fabada is literally my favorite food: a hearty, rich dish typically eaten in the winter with sidra (Spanish cider typical of Asturias, poured from an outlandish height by a skilled waiter to ensure proper carbonation and taste) and crusty Spanish white bread (only complete with olive oil). Please, get here and try the Fabada! You can't find this stew just anywhere. I'll need to try to cook it myself sometime, but the ingredients are so particular (just the right white faba de la granja beans), I might need to also grow those beans myself (luckily I bought some from el mercado before leaving Asturias!). I definitely want to come back for Tapas Tuesdays (they have some croquetas on the menu......my favorite Spanish tapa). A solid martini list completes their vast drink menu. Kitchen closes at 8 pm on Sundays, so get there early! You wouldn't want to keep those hard working waiters and waitresses patiently waiting for you to finish your outstanding paella and wine and quit chatting up a storm. :)They also have a little Spanish market inside the restaurant which sells specialty items! I missed this, but I'm coming back specifically to scout out Maria cookies, white asparagus, canned fabada (OH the possibilities!) and maybe some turron de Alicante. So glad I finally got to write a rave Spanish cuisine review!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,3/9/2013,103,163,,7,1>Never judge a book by its cover. Case in point: El Pulpo. The restaurant is smack dab in the middle of a half abandoned strip mall and looks unimpressive, but walk inside and be surprised.It's really obvious that a lot of time and love was invested into opening this restaurant. The interior looks completely brand new and the dining room is very elegantly decorated. The owner of the restaurant himself waited on us, and he really went above and beyond. He was pleasant and humble, and generously offered a free octopus salad appetizer and two glasses of red wine, compliments of the house. The octopus salad was delicious, easily the best dish of the night.We ordered a baked goat cheese appetizer, melty chevre swimming in marinara sauce, with toast for dipping. We devoured it in minutes flat. My boyfriend loved his seafood stew entree, and I ordered a penne dish that was pretty good, but after the delicious salad, I did regret not ordering the octopus special that the owner had seemed really excited about.Southington is quickly becoming a hotbed of culture, and El Pulpo proves to be a very welcome addition!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/8/2013,19,58,7,7,3>Just had a totally awesome meal at Za Onn tonight; couldn't have been more pleased.  The service was very good, the food delicious, and the price reasonable. Started with delicious fried calamari, crisp and light, and perfectly cooked, in a flavorful combination of greens and vegetables.  The Spicy Beef Salad was equally delicious and just a bit spicy.  The flavor of lemon grass and cilantro came through along with the other ingredients.  My companion and I shared the Pad Khee Mao and an order of "Two of Us", a dish of shrimp and chicken with the sweetest Japanese eggplant I've ever tasted.  We finished with sweet sticky rice and custard, so good that I got another order "to go" for my daughter at home.  Everything was fresh, flavorful, and beautifully presented.  And, a nice example of the wonderful service; when our host noticed we were a little cold, sitting by the window, he brought over a small ceramic space heater and tucked it under our table.  Heavenly warmth on a chilly evening!  This place is fabulous!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,3/7/2013,2,49,,12,3>While driving around, blindly searching for somewhere to eat on a Friday night, we happened upon this restaurant.  From the outside, we were a little skeptical about entering, but a sign promising both Italian and seafood drew us in.  And we were pleasantly surprised with what we found!The food was amazing.  The dinners included salad, and bread (both garlic and Italian bread).  I had the fettucini carbonara with chicken; my boyfriend had the Tuscany fried seafood platter.  We were both very happy with our selections.  Seeing the dessert tray presented to other tables, we tried very hard to save room for what would have been a difficult decision... but dessert will have to wait for our next visit.  The rest of the food was just too good to stop eating.The service was good too, prompt and friendly.  When I asked for water with my meal, the waitress brought over a carafe of water along with my glass.  My only complaint with this restaurant is the atmosphere - the decorating is a little dated (wood paneling, and 80's-style mirrors on the walls).  The music was a little loud and out of place.  By changing to a softer style of music, and dimming the lights just a touch, they could make the atmosphere upscale enough to match the quality of the food.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,3/6/2013,31,30,3,3,3>I've had the pleasure of dining at TK for team cocktail hours, birthday dinners, and lunches during Restaurant Week and i'll definitely be back. Out of the higher end restaurants Downtown I have to say that this is the one that delivers the most for your  buck. The menu is diverse and the food is flavorful. I'm a big fan of the rock shrimp and I don't even typically eat seafood!The staff and service is fast and friendly and the atmosphere is warm and sophisticated. If you've got the money to drop, I'd recommend this over many places including Max's Downtown
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,3/5/2013,79,188,4,6,4>Seriously good. Food was flavorful and served hot. The jerk tofu and scrambled tofu were favorites.Our plaintains were sweet, not too oily. We appreciated the friendly, unpretentious environment. After finishing our meals, we stayed for awhile chatting and nobody came over to rush us along and out. I also appreciated that the bar is in a separate area from the restaurant, so people can dine in peace without the bar atmosphere. When there was a delay with one side dish, the staff apologized profusely and offered a few free pakoras. People are human and make mistakes-- how they deal with those errors is important. This was corrected immediately and apologies were made. *There is parking on side streets in Hartford, y'all. Stop whining and go find it.*
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/4/2013,88,118,,5,1>City Steam was the first stop on our pub crawl this past Saturday. It was extraordinarily busy as the UCONN women were in town.The pub crawl drink special was an Onyx Moonshine drink, mixed with pink lemonade. It was made very well and tasty. I had a sip of someone else's as it is a borderline crime not to have one of City Steam's in-house brews. I ordered a Naughty Nurse, and as usual, it was bursting with flavor and refreshing. It went really well with the waffle fries, fried pickles, and nachos we ordered. The waffle fries were golden and crispy, even after cooling down a bit. City Steam's fried pickles are the best around, and I get them every time I go. Fried to perfection with an awesomely spiced batter (I ask for hot sauce with mine!). The nachos were served with a good quality sour cream and a fresh tomato blend that almost tasted like what you'd use on bruschetta- very flavorful! Even though it was crazy busy, our bartender was on point, efficient, and having a good time with us. The food came out hot, despite the kitchen being slammed.I highly recommend City Steam if you're looking for a great, local brew, a quality menu (with plenty of options for vegetarians) that compliments their brews, and awesome service.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,3/3/2013,154,200,2,7,3>Some people have described this restaurant as a "hidden gem" but it's actually not so hidden to the people of Middlesex and New London Counties.I was amazed and delighted at the quality of this new Asian restaurant in Colchester.  Having grown up about 10 minutes away on a small farm deep in the woods, I know very well that this area is not known for its trendy cuisine and multiculturalism.  This town and all of the towns around it are about 98% Caucasian and very rural.  The décor is not what you would expect for a restaurant next to Dunkin Donuts and Stop & Shop in a rural community like Colchester.  It is very dark with low overhead lights, with a mostly black interior, and a high amount of stone surfaces.  It looks very trendy, and the place is overall immaculate.I have since developed a liking for many Asian cuisines after leaving the farm in my mid 20s and moving to a more diverse area, and the restaurant measures up in every way to the higher end restaurants in urban communities.  The menu is very large and features food from Japanese, Chinese, and Thai cuisines.I love sushi and hibachi, and I feel that this restaurant specialises in those particular cuisines.On both occasions of my visit, I had their salmon hibachi meal for lunch.  It has 3 courses -- 1) a small bowl of salad with ginger dressing, 2) a small bowl of miso soup, and 3) about .75 lbs. of grilled salmon with soy sauce, grilled veggies, and fried or steamed rice.  The salad consisted of mainly romaine and iceberg lettuce, with some shredded carrot and a few slices of cucumber.  The ginger dressing on top is pretty good.  It's not as overwhelming as many other ginger-based foods I've had.The miso soup was decent.  It had a delicious broth with small cubes of steamed tofu, scallions, shiitake mushrooms, and wakame seaweed.  I thought the taste was good, but it was served at too cool of a temperature.  Patrons might be better served if they nuked every bowl for about 2 minutes before eating.The grilled salmon was delicious and the size of the portion is generous.  They put a large helping of soy sauce and sesame seeds atop the fish, with a bed of grilled veggies underneath.  They also offer a side of vegetable fried brown rice, which is much better than the neon yellow rubbish they give you at many Chinese-American takeaway joints.All of this food is only $9 for lunch!!!  It's far-and-away the best deal I've had in a long time.  If you went out and bought all of these ingredients yourself, you'd easily spend 3 or 4 times that.It's a wonderful deal, and I'm trying to get my unadventurous white-bred parents to go there.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,3/2/2013,6,99,,3,2>Fantastic!  If you haven't been to 6 Main, do yourself a favor and give it a try.   Now you should know its a vegetarian restaurant. However, don't let that stop you if you're a meat lover.... I am too but I really enjoyed this place.   Started with a jalapeño margarita... A little kick to it, delightful.  For food, started with the fennel Asian pear salad.  It was a very nice starting point.   I had the chili relenos for dinner.  They were stuffed with kale and black beans with a chimichurri roasted red pepper sauce.   I didn't miss the meat at all!   For desert, had a special tira misu that was very good.   The service was fantastic!   Our waitress was very nice and didn't miss a beat!   The atmosphere is very nice too and the chef / owner is a sweetheart!   Certainly worth a visit again from me!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2013,3/1/2013,134,153,2,2,2>OK, I had to do it. Their pizza is the best I've had in Waterbury. I would be even so bold as to say it's a hair better than Peppe's. This place is the best kept secret for pizza (that's all I've eaten there) in the area bar none. Listen, I am a pizza fanatic. I love pizza. This pizza is really good. I have only given out one other 5 star for pizza so I don't give them out easily. Anyway, had another pie for dinner on 1/19/13 and it sealed my upgraded 5 star rating. If you're in the area, you've got to try it.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,2/28/2013,5,165,2,3,3>Fabulous! This is the second time I have been here and both times I loved my meal. My husband and I went here for NYE and had the NYE menu items. We started off with drinks, I had a martini with blue cheese stuffed olives, awesomeness! Hubby just  had some wine but said it was very good. Next came the small plates, potato gnocci and scallop over a tasty potato pancake YUM! In between they gave us some wine infused strawberry sorbet and then on to the large plates, we both had the chilean sea bass over scrumptious risotto. For dessert we had the chocolate polenta cake and churro balls...all delicious..though the churro could have been softer. Atmosphere was nice as well as the service...very on point and attentive. I will go back and try more entree's since some of them look even better than what we had!A side note: the Marriot hotel is connected to this place (stayed there before and it is very nice) and so is the night club Crush...but I do not recommend the night club...pretty whack.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,2/27/2013,59,121,7,9,4>Meadow Meadow Meadow. Gentlemen in jackets and women in stilletos. That doesn't even make any sense.Anyway, This place is a little jewel of Simsbury, tucked into a row of stores that are very unassuming.  You could drive past this place 100 times and if you don't know it's there, you'll never know what you're missing; which is a lot.  In late Spring and Summer it has patio options, but the inside is superb.  Always clean, always elegant; Meadow has the feeling of a $$$$ restaurant with $$ prices. The food is on par with any of the great Japanese restaurants in the state, and Sam (the owner) makes sure everything is run efficiently and pleasantly.The servers are awesome and cheerful and always willing to help, and make sure you're never lacking for drink or eat. They can custom-tailor your order without any huffing or puffing and make even the most seemingly-bland creations blow your house down.  The Kobe beef is the A #1 to me, but really you can't go wrong with anything you order here. I love the steamed dumplings with the sauce it comes with, but as a healthy eater, I order the steamed chicken & broccoli or steamed chicken & veggies. It's delicious by itself, but with the side of hot oil they give you (upon request), it really is the best dish to me.  The hot oil is flavorful and spicy; not overbearingly so.If you're ever in Simsbury and crave sushi or any Asian cuisine (after all, it's Meadow Asian Bistro), go here and you'll never be disappointed.HUGE PS: ORDER THE SAM-TAI IF YOU LIKE GOOD DRINKS! smaller ps: don't drink too many or you'll never drive home!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,2/26/2013,19,119,,10,3>This place just barely opened either today or yesterday, I believe.  My fiance and I stopped in to get some breakfast. They had the usual breakfast sandwich stuff on tap. I got a sausage, egg and cheese. And the fiance got a sausage and cheese. They were really big and on some sort of flat bread. I thought mine was amazing and just huge for the money. Then they had a bunch of baked goods. We had no idea what they were and asked the girl to tell us what they were. So a man came out and took the time to tell us what everything was. There were things that I was not familiar with, this being a Puerto Rican bakery. He explained the popular items and where they were from. It was great! We ordered a few things to go.The flan was amazing. Creamy and not overly sweet. The other things we got were these puff pastry things. They were glazed with honey and had cream cheese inside. I wish I could remember what they were called, but they were really wonderful. I will surely go back. They also had sandwiches of all sorts for lunch and drinks in their cooler section.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2012,2/25/2013,121,215,2,2,2>I love Joey Garlics.  It's warm, welcoming and the food is consistently great.I never usually come for the pizza, but have had it a couple times and it was really yummy.My favorite things on the menu?Eggplants Fries! OMG! covered with a glorious mountain of fresh grated cheese. Sauce is how it should be: fresh, not overly spiced and a bit chunky. so so so good.Asian Ribs.  I actually had asked someone how they made these and tried to duplicate it at home and they came out very close to the original (pats on back)My mother swears by the burger (and it is GIGANTIC) but I'd rather have it at Plan BMy father loves the cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe and it is really really good.And my favorite?  The sicilian orange salad....it's everything good in the world.  Just enough gorgonzola, the flat bread is so garlicy and crispy...and the best part?  Wrapping the salad up in the flatbread like a Sicilian orange taco! MANGIA!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,2/24/2013,47,138,3,7,1>Mikado has an impressive array of items on its menu.  From maki rolls and sashimi to noodle dishes and the usual teriyaki or hibachi staples there are many ways to go depending on your mood.I went recently and decided on a mixture of things- namely the Red Sox specialty roll, shrimp Yaki Soba and a steak hibachi dinner.The Red Sox roll was a combo of spicy scallop and spicy tuna, my two favorite items for maki rolls so this was an easy one for me to like.The Yaki Soba was nothing special but was on par with most other places I've had it and it was especially hot in temperature.  This was a plus because many times noodle dishes in a Japanese restaurant can be overlooked and end up coming out lukewarm to cold.  So props to Mikado here as well.Now on to the steak hibachi.  One of my dining companions recommended that I order it because it included a side cup of an au jus like sauce that she called liquid crack.  She was right to call it that.I don't know if it was just the juice from the meat or if anything was added to further flavor it but it really did make the meal.  Dipping either the veggies, fried rice or the meat itself really added a burst of flavor to an otherwise typical hibachi meal.It is something I had never seen before but hope to see again elsewhere in Asian cooking.Overall, the prices were fair and the service good.  Add that to generous portions and great variety and Mikado definitely comes up aces.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,2/23/2013,33,132,2,2,1>Coming from NY (Long Island still counts), I am somewhat choosy with my pizza.  I like my pizza to be a chewy thin crust that is obviously handmade with fresh quality cheese, sauce, and toppings...There are some pizza joints that can bring the fresh quality, but lack in the crust...There are some that can get the crust right, but the cheese or sauce is off...You have your obvious favorites out there like a Pepe's, but I needed to find a place a bit more local and not as well known for your standard middle of the week after-work pie.  After multiple fails with other places, Sofia's has turned into that spot.Crust is key and they do it right here...Just the right amount of chewy vs. crispy.  You can tell that they don't do frozen here.  Sauce has some good tomato flavor and they ladle on the just the right amount and the cheese is the same.  Toppings can be a little spotty perhaps...they tend to be frugal with the amount they will put on.  This may be a positive or a negative depending on your thoughts on over saturating your pie with toppings....I like a light touch actually, but your mileage may vary.  Bottom line is that Sofia's makes a very good pie if you are looking for a place for take-out or pick-up service.  Can't speak for delivery as I prefer to go get my pie....cheaper and I'm not at the mercy of the driver for my pie (which may be a problem here based on other reviews).I've actually come in once or twice with my family to sit down and have a pie in the restaurant.  Be mindful that this a strip mail pizzeria, so don't come expecting five star ambience or service.  It's not that bad actually in relation to similar type places and they have a full Italian menu on tap and serve beer / wine.  Can't speak to the other offerings as we only do pizza here.  I will say that the service has not been stellar either time...it's competent.  I would guess from the people working there that this is a first generation family business...so the servers are the younger kids in the family that are not going to have the polish of a more professional staff.  It's not a bad experience, mind you, but I can see the point of other reviewers here.Last thought here:  I keep a few key take-out restaurants in my phone for when I'm out and need a meal on the fly.  Sofia's is one of three restaurants in Wethersfield to have that honor.  So I guess that is saying something.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,2/22/2013,173,343,3,5,6>1.) Introduction:I can put this under the category of "Yelp Made Me Do It" .  After seeing several Yelpers that I admire rave about J. Rene Coffee Roasters and reading some of the posted reviews - I knew I had to try it out for my self to see what all the coffee loving hype was all about. I had some free time this past Saturday and decided to take the plunge and see if this Starbucks loving girl could find (and enjoy) a comparable cup of coffee2.) Aesthetics:There is plenty street parking as well as some parking in front of the store.  I suggest parking on the street as the parking in front of the store might be harder for larger cars to maneuver. The decor of the store is very clean and modern.  There are stools and tables and a couple of comfy chairs.  Good foot traffic for a Saturday morning with as many people sitting down to enjoy a cup as those taking it "To Go".As I was waiting for my friend I was able to observe the staff who were very professional with all the patrons and moved swiftly and effortlessly cleaning up discarded coffee mugs and drained coffee pots3.) Coffee:In a word phenomenal!!!! I was a little bit worried when I came up to place my order - words like french press and syphon are not in my lexicon when I go to the 'bux, but the owner (I believe) was kind enough to explain each brewing process and how it effects the overall final taste of the coffee.I tried the Peaberry varietal prepared by the siphon brewing method.  After we ordered and sat down it took less then five minutes for my coffee to be brought to the table.  My friend and fellow Yelper got the same variety of coffee but he had his brewed with a French Press.  I was amazed how the two different brewing methods produced two different cups of coffee.  I felt that siphon brewing method brought out the brightness of the bean that I could not taste with the coffee brewed by the French Press method.  It was one of the cleanest and flavorful cups I have had in a while.  I usually gulp my coffee but with the coffee I had at J. Rene Coffee Roasters I savored each delicious, satisfying sip and I will admitt wished I had got the larger size as I drained the last drop of coffee from my cup.   The price for my 12oz cup was a bit steep (about $4.50) but in my mind worth every penny! 4.) Impressions:I wish it was closer to me but I will definitely be back - especially if the company and the conversation (Thanks Anthony P.) is as good.  Can't wait to try some of their other coffee varieties as well as their espresso - which if it is half as good as their coffee will be worth the drive to West Hartford
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,2/21/2013,258,368,4,5,4>Another fantastic entertaining night at Ichiro Hibachi.  Monifa and I frequent this place often.  We visited this place the night after the blizzard 2013.  It was a Saturday night and we were itching to get out and about.  I've been to this place more times than I can remember.  The hibachi is not only entertaining, but a comfortable place to just "chill" with friends.  Like the grill master says, "no sake, no boom, boom!" Hysterical time had by all.  Just listening and singing along with him as he grills the food is just the best.    The food is great with its variety of dishes, sushi rolls, and grilled plates.  We had the shrimp and scallops.  I usually go for the steak and fried rice, but for some reason I opted for the seafood this time around which turned out to be just as good.  Try the soft shell craft rolls, spider, dragon and the spicy tuna! The service is effective, efficient and done with a smile.  The people are friendly and the atmosphere is comfortable.  Yes, I know, its West Hartford center...who knew??Ok, until next time.  Try it out....Cons:West Hartford Center parking is not free.  Meters operate Monday - Saturday, 9AM to 10PM.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,2/20/2013,151,129,,9,9>Another reason I love living in Vernon!! Rails to trails is the best place to run, walk, ride your bike, exercise your dog, or even horseback ride (seen it a couple times lately). I trained for a half marathon a couple of years ago by exclusively running on these trails. The terrain varies so it definitely was the perfect place to train.The section of Rails to Trails in Vernon is only about 5 miles but the trails extend to Manchester in one direction and all the way to Willimantic in the other direction. In Vernon there are multiple parking areas to access the trails. There is one between Phoenix and Washington Streets and also one at the park and ride/Sacred Heart Church parking lot off Route 30.Happy trails to you!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,2/19/2013,69,97,,3,4>Here's a tip - if you want lunch, go to a place with "Sarape" in the name.  If you're in the Hartford area, chances are you'll have made the right choice.I'm a big fan of both of the Sarape locations: there is one in Enfield and one in Hartford.  There are some differences in menu items, especially with regards to the tacos: the Hartford location has more meat options (including carnitas).  That said, the Sarape name means a few things:1) Delicious, well-prepared food;2) Very friendly service;3) Solid prices.Parking can be a bit tough, but it's a bit tough everywhere in downtown Hartford.  I try to go for an early or late lunch to avoid the parking issues.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,2/18/2013,259,227,,4,2>Le Petite France is exactly as it is named....a little bit of france in the hustle and bustle of WH Center. One you walk in, you can see the calm and simple decor with wooden tables and mini eiffle towers and scenic painted walls (and a wooden bookshelf with books about france to boot).I've never disliked an item I've had here. I LOVE the almond croissant.... it's the real stuff here. Made with marzipan in the middle....omg, absolutely delicious. I can't wait to try the other croissant too. I've gotten the crepes, very authentic and delicious-they have sweet and savory ones. Try them all! Today, my friend made her own sandwich. She loved it for its simplicity yet deliciousness. It's rare to find such simple ingredients together to make a masterpiece (actually the best restaurants can do it but it's a rare occurrence nonetheless). I got the Croquet Madam.... their version of the French Grilled Cheese with a fried egg on top. It came with a little side salad. The dish was very yummy. The only thing I will say about it is that the egg was way more runny than I like... like, I can see the off whiteness of some of the egg white still (Not just the egg yolk being runny, but the egg WHITE being runny)....... it was a little weird. I'm not sure if they meant to do that or they made a mistake? I had to take a star away because 1) a mistake like that shouldn't happen and 2) If it was not a mistake, I don't feel like serving raw egg like that is OK. Overall though, I always have pleasant experiences here. The wait staff are all super nice and friendly and give great suggestions.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,2/16/2013,80,717,9,8,5>Shame on the single person [so far] who only gave Mae Kong four stars! What were you thinking?![half-kidding... I think...]Mae Kong is the best Thai restaurant I've ever been to. Who cares that they're just a hole in the wall in downtown New Britain, which incidentally, is just down the street from the regionally famous Hole in the Wall Theater... Who cares about the crappy tile floors and lame, kitschy decor? It's doesn't matter... none of this matters!Lesley Q. and I shared three dishes for my birthday this past Wednesday, each better than the next. The soup, called "Tom Kha Kai," was simply amazing. As warming as it was invigorating. The Pad Thai, which had better be good if you wanna be a successful Thai restaurant, was as visually appealing upon service as it was scrumptious.My personal favorite was the duck... crispy, fatty, and drowning in a positively eye roll-inducing coconut red curry sauce. Served with fresh vegetables and a side of jasmine rice, it was so good, we were literally drinking the sauce the next day as leftovers.Recipe please!Lesley's right... the beverages were the one slight disappointment, but it's hard to blame them when you can always bring your OWN beverages, as this place is BYOB. My coffee was quite good, but that's mostly because there was about a half a pound of sugar in it.Still, a five-star Thai experience. We will return with booze someday, and dare I say... "Thai one on???"Lame.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,2/15/2013,62,151,,7,4>Giovanni's, where have you been all my life?!?! Apparently nestled away on Hebron Ave in Glastonbury, thats where. Ive always had a difficult time finding good pizza in or around Hartford. Ive lived here for years and i dont have a "staple" pizza place... which is kind of sad. I keep trying new ones hoping, hoping for something to be awesome. Last night, I found it. Here are just some of the good things about my experience.1. dine in, to go, or an awesome selection of probably 10 different specialty slices anytime you walk in. 2. super friendly waitstaff if you decide to dine in (we did), food was delivered hot and in a timely manner3. surprisingly wide (and fun) selection of beer! They even have some that you would expect and it looks like they change it up on occasion. Theres also a good selection of wine.4. THE PIZZA. brick oven, thin, crispy and loaded with toppings. Plus, they let you mix specialty pies. We got half pesto chicken, half chicken florentine. For those couples who can never agree on a specialty pie, or even what theyre craving at that moment, Giovanni's willingness to mix and match makes everyone happy! The chicken on both pies was marinated, shredded and so yummy. And the pizza is covered in toppings!!!. They arent sprinkled about sparingly, they are loaded on. The xtra large specialty pies are anywhere from $18-$22, but they are smothered in toppings so worth the money. We had half a pizza to take home after eating our fill. everything is fresh and delicious!I am glad to say that I think I finally found my staple pizza resturant. its worth the 20 minute round trip drive to go get it too.... forget delivery of mediocre pizza.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,2/14/2013,9,75,3,2,2>Decided to spend some Cheesecake Factory gift cards I've been sitting on this Saturday.  I know the waits can be insane so we went early (arrived 6.45pm) so even if we had to wait an hour no big deal. Well the wait was 2 hours and I wasn't going to wait that long for CCF even if it was a freebie for me. Trying to salvage the evening I suggested we try Max Burger, as we really weren't dressed for anyplace nice and there was little chance we would get in anyway.So we walked over and the place was jammed. We were told 1-1.15 hour wait. As we waited, maybe 15 minutes later the wait was up to 2 hours for two people. Yikes. SHE was not amused and Mrs. Crankypants said there was no way we were getting seated in less than an hour and a half. Suffice to say our table was ready in exactly one hour so we were happy and the evening might work out ok after all. They take your cell phone number and text you when you're table is ready which is kind of cool. Incidentally, as the wait at Max was up to 2 hours one person waiting alongside us said that CCF wait was up to 3 hours. Really people? You're willing to wait 3 hours to eat at a Cheesecake factory? Anyway...Once we got seated the place was still busy and noisy but fine. It's not very big inside though in the summer there's a decent sized outdoor seating area. The vibe is more casual and relaxed than most Max restaurants; the waitresses are wearing jeans so I guess it's ok if you do too.The menu isn't huge but there's enough to pick from. Ditto the wine list, though more reds than whites.We started with the buffalo shrimp appetizer and enjoyed it a lot, though there were only 5 shrimp involved so be advised if you're really hungry.For dinner we somehow managed to NOT order some Polish Burger special. I don't recall all the detail as I was pretty repulsed after hearing it was a burger with kielbasa slices and a pieorgi on it. Do yourself a favor and just say no to this "special". Your stomach and heart will thank you.I selected the "Frisky Chicken" and was very happy with it. In the past I've ordered the Chicken Choker or whatever it's called (chicken & artichokes)and that's good too. She had some bacon burger thing that she enjoyed.Service was very good and professional despite the place being so busy.Then the bill came and it was higher than you might expect. One drink each, the shrimp app and two burgers cost $70 with tip. That's not horrible as the place is pretty cool, it IS in West Hartford  and the service and food are good. But at the end of the day it's still 70 bucks for a couple burgers. I don't think it's overpriced but some people might be justifiably scared off at those prices. You could easily spend more than that on drinks, apps or desserts. I would say this place is better overall than Plan B, but that's just my opinion.It's a Max restaurant so you can't really go wrong and you pretty much get what you pay for (well, maybe not quite). I recommend it but be advised if you don't like long waits (at least on weekends) or somewhat pricey burgers don't say you weren't warned.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,2/13/2013,138,275,4,5,5>One thing comes to mind: Bi Bim Bap!When Pick & Mix opened last year, I was living right next to it and I was one of its first visitors.  Business was slow at first, but I always saw potential because the food is just so awesome and the owner is such a nice, enthusiastic gentleman!  He gave my boyfriend a free soft serve when he found out I had oral surgery.Though I have not been there in a while, my normal bi bim bap is beef with the sweet potato noodle, lemon soy sauce, and veggies.  It is quick, filling, and relatively authentic Korean food!  If you eat it there, I think you get a small cup of miso soup.  I love eating it there because there also a Korean Idol-esqe show playing.  I love parking in that shopping center and seeing the Pick and Mix busy with new customers.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,2/12/2013,16,13,3,8,3>The Underground Deli is the real deal, and is perfectly located for the college crowd that lives on or near Central Connecticut State University.There are over 50 types of sandwiches, grinders, wraps, and salads, many with odd names like The Family Guy, The McBitchin', and The Jack Bauer (can you tell these sandwiches were named by college students?)The atmosphere is befitting of its college locale, and there is usually some sort of indie or punk music playing inside. There is a suggestion jar where people can create and name their own sandwich, which is where most of their menu items come from.One wall is covered with napkin drawings and messages left by satisfied customers, many of which are funny, some of which are borderline inappropriate (again, college students).My only gripe about the place is that it's location is such that unless you are a student or faculty member of CCSU or in the small plaza that it is located in, there is a great chance that even someone driving by the plaza would have no clue it exists.The name The Underground Deli is very fitting because it is literally below street level from the main street the plaza is located on. Unless you enter the plaza and walk down a flight of stairs, you would have no idea there was a restaurant (and two others) hidden down there.Overall, it is a great place to grab breakfast (I almost forgot to mention their fairly extensive breakfast sandwich and wrap items) or lunch, especially if you happen to be around the CCSU area of New Britain.For about $8 for a sandwich and a drink, it is a slightly more expensive, but much more diverse option than Subway, which is more prominently located in the same plaza.
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2011,2/11/2013,104,202,,2,2>Let me start by saying that Little City Pizza is one of the best in town.  The atmosphere is amazing, the staff is kick ass and they know their pizza!  I'll never be able to get enough.Having said that, I'm almost certain that after my most recent visit, they should stick to what they know.  Don't get me wrong, I've tried a million other items on the menu, but this time, I decided to go with the Cheese Steak.Typically, a Cheese Steak is made with grilled onions, green peppers, mushrooms with provolone cheese.  Little City Pizza was way off the mark by using American cheese, carmelized onions and grilled red peppers.  I asked the waiter if I could get raw onions and mushrooms instead and he happily said it could be done.  Once I got the sandwich, I was completely put off by the American cheese and the amount of black pepper that was on the steak.  It was completely over seasoned with black pepper, it almost was inedible.  The curly fries, however, were crisp and tasty as usual.I'm still giving Little City Pizza 4 stars because I'll always be a fan.  For the vegetarians out there, their Vegetarian Burger is amazing and I find myself ordering that when the people I'm with decide to order burgers or salads.Yum!!!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/10/2013,87,141,11,4,6>So I was looking around for a place in the Greater Hartford area to impress a date.  You know the kind of place: A little under-the-radar, delicious, authentic food.  Won't cause me to sell any body parts.I came upon Cora Cora on Yelp.  Who doesn't like Peruvian food?  Sure, I'm not an expert, so if it was actually Bolivian food, I admit, I'd probably be fooled.  What am I, the King of South America?  No, I'm not.Nonetheless, I know what I like, and I liked what I ate.  So what did I get?I, uh, don't actually know.  I knew I wanted seafood.  But there were like four awesome choices and I couldn't pick one.  So I asked the waiter which seafood dish was his favorite.  And then I ordered it.Was it the Chaufa de Mariscos?  Was it the Pescado a la Macho?I have no idea.  All I know is that it was full of seafood and it. Was. Delicious.It was also vaguely orange.  Not sure if that helps.  But whatever it was, it came with a wide variety of seafood which I enjoyed thoroughly.  There was some white fish and some calamari and some mussels. And rice. And did I mention the orange sauce?  Yeah, that shit was bangin'.Unfortunately, the service wasn't quite up to the same level as the food.  It took me about 15 minutes to convince a waitperson to come over and give me a check.  I don't typically have that much problem giving away my money, but hey, first world problems, right?Overall I had a lovely time and I wish I could remember what I ordered so I could recommend it to you, but I'm sure if you just put yourself in the very capable hands of the waiter, you'll be fine.  Maybe.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,2/9/2013,93,335,4,2,3>This is the best Indian restaurant I have ever been too!  Saw them at Wooster Square and bought the Chicken Tikka Masala over saffron rice and it was sooooo good!  We loved it so much that we went to the restaurant the following weekend during brunch!  Brunch is just under $20, but the variations of food are unbelievable. I dont know the names of the dishes, but everything was perfect.  They have an array for chicken dishes, lamb, and shrimp curry. It was a room that was full of food and I'm sad that I only had two plates of food. They also have dessert that was also yummy!  Will be back again this weekend with my fat pants!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,2/8/2013,62,192,3,5,2>Lately I have been on a quest for places that do one thing extremely well. It's not a great secret what I wanted here: duck! When it comes to crispy-skinned, succulent ducky goodness, there is no place around like the Peking Duck House. Don't judge this restaurant by its location in a strip mall on the Post Road. It is ranked in the Top 100 Chinese restaurants in the country. The blah exterior gives way to an unexpectedly beautiful dining room, complete with white linen and the tell-tale splashes of red and gold. For less than twenty dollars, I got two fantastic courses of duck. The first was the more traditional crispy-skinned breast meat served with the pancakes, scallions and hoisin sauce. The second was a more take-out style shredded leg meat with green beans and carrots in a spicy-sweet brown sauce. As a purist, I preferred the first, but the second dish is basically another whole dinner that you are getting as a throw-in, which makes this an exceptional value in addition to rare chance to enjoy a centuries-old delicacy. In short, there are few foods in this world that are better than crispy duck skin, and the Peking Duck House does it better than anyone else around.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,2/7/2013,23,731,3,15,4>1.) Introduction:Student massage therapists! $32 dollars for almost one hour massage! Just remember that!I was at first skeptical. You have UConn Health Center that has Student dentists, so I figured I might as well try a massage therapist. A hand passing over a back doesn't seem to hurt as much as hooks, bristles, and other crazy metallic instruments on the body. 2.) What your eyes may see:Located on the Berlin Turnpike across from Joey Garlic's, Burger King and Dairy Queen, this place is in an industrial park. The Connecticut Massage Therapy also has a professional side, too. Inside is dimly lit in some areas, such as the  waiting area and massage session areas. There's another room that serves refreshments, and tables for students and clients to fill out forms and surveys. There is an instructor walking around, talking to clients and students.3.) Service:I requested to have a semi-deep tissue massage. Taking a Fitness Bootcamp class has brought a lot of tension to my muscles, and previous massage therapists have told me to take part of deep tissue, because I have a lot of muscle to work with (lol, thanks). I had Alisha. A short, slender but athletically toned female who looks like she could whoop some ass in a ultimate fighting right. She was actually a very sweet and pleasant woman. She paid very good attention to me as well as the responses from the tension areas of my body. She did not rush, taking her time on the primary areas of concern, and periodically checking on me to see if I was feeling any discomfort or if the intensity was too light or strong. 4.) Impressions:I am coming back again for another session. If the students are just like her, I will be a regular. I think Alisha was definitely ready to have her own practice!
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,2/6/2013,95,659,1,10,6>Really 4.5 stars.  Been waiting for this place to open for a while and they've been teasing me on Facebook.  So when I saw the post about their opening, I jumped on the opportunity to try it out.The space is very.... how do i say this... "intimate".  I wish there was a way to cure the "drafty door" but there just isn't.  I think I counted about 20 seats total.  I can see those 20 seats filling easily with the quality of food, or if they ever decide to pursue a liquor license.  The 80" big screen that towers over the dining room would be great for football games!It's has a nice modern feel to the dining room.  The right hand side has all high-back chairs and tables, almost like sitting at a bar, which is pretty non-functional for kids.  The saving grace is that the left hand side has bench seating.  Smoked Wings 10/10The rub adhered to the wings perfectly and there was a deep smoke flavor.  The wings were juicy and meaty and not dried out as can often be the case.  This was wing meets smokehouse perfection.St. Louis Ribs 9/10Again, the rub adhered perfectly to the surface of the meat, and the ribs were perfectly tender without losing that initial "bite".  The amount of smoke was just right, and this was easily my favorite meat of the 3 we tried.Smoked Brisket 7/10The brisket was sliced rather than chopped or shredded.  It's more personal preference, but i think you get a better mixture of pieces that way.  The bark of the brisket was excellent, the rub was flavorful and the smoke was just right.  However, the closer to the center of the slice was a bit dry, and less smoky.Pulled Chicken 5/10The chicken came to our table cold, so we had to send it back the first time around.  When it came back it was decent.  Again, I thought it could have used more smoke flavor.  But then again, take my comments with a grain of salt as pulled chicken isn't exactly my favorite.Cornbread 9/10I like my cornbread in pieces as i think a "cake" or "loaf" comes out more moist, but the muffin-like creation here does the job.  Crispy on the outside and perfect on the inside.Mac & Cheese 10/10Creamy, Cheesy, wonderful goodness.  Thank god the pasta was al dente and not overcooked.  Flavor was spot on, i could eat a gallon of this.Collard Greens 9/10I found the collard greens to be cooked to perfection, although the bacon could have been a bit more crispy.Cole Slaw 10/10Another perfect side, the made-from-scratch dressing is a perfect pairing for delicately shredded cabbage & carrots. A little sweet, a little tangy...Baked Beans 6/10Could have just been me, but i didn't think they were sweet enough for me.  More of a savory type of baked beans, but I appreciate that they were home-made and not from a package or can.Green Bean Casserole 2/10The only "miss" of the night, this one just didn't work, something tasted of vinegar and didn't bring the dish together.  To their credit, the owner, Chris, said he was axing this item from the menu because he's not happy with it.  Kudos for that!Shortbread Cookies 10/10These came complementary, and boy were they just the way to top off the meal.  Buttery, Crumbly, and the coating of powdered sugar gave them just the right amount of sweetness.Overall it was a good meal, I left satisfied, however I feel the portions are a bit on the small side for the prices.  But, not enough to keep me from making a return trip.6 Smoked Wings - $5.95Pulled Chicken Dinner w/ 2 sides - $9.95Brisket Dinner w/ 2 sides - $11.951/2 Rack St Louis Ribs w/ 2 sides - $15.95Cornbread - $1.25/ea$66 w/ tax & tip.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/5/2013,80,172,3,6,3>It was my first time at K LaMays, and I will be back! This was the best steamed cheeseburger I've ever had. Like a BBQ bacon cheeseburger fantasy come true! The cheese was sharper than other places, adding great flavor. Meat was juicy and delicious. The foxon park sodas are the best. Staff was super friendly, doing their best to make sure we had a great experience. The hard rolls that the burgers were served on were really good. The fries were fresh cut and reaaaaaally yummy! The Meriden location is small, but we had no problem getting a place to sit. Can't wait to go back!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2013,2/4/2013,200,181,1,6,4>This summer I was innocently strolling Main Street after picking up cupcakes for a dinner party I was going to that night and I was stopped DEAD in my tracks. "Coming soon, Krust bourbon and wood fired pizza". SHUT THE FRONT DOOR!! Almost every day since then I have been (literally) getting off two exits early on my way home just to ride by and see if they were open.Thursday, I went out of town for a long weekend. I returned to this ice box called Connecticut to find Krust is now open!The Mr. and I had a dinner commitment we were coming home from, so we weren't planning on getting any dinner but couldn't resist cruising in tonight for a night cap.Growing up in Upper Michigan, Krust reminds me of a really cool hipsterish hunting camp...except with really awesome cocktails and pizzas with pancetta instead of Natty Ice and Totinos Pizza Rolls. The decor really is unique. Pine paneling, wide wood floors and the wood burning oven giving off that great campy smell...we sat in front of the oven so we were toasty warm on this freezing cold day which was glorious. The staff was very friendly, and the guy working at the brick oven chatted with us a little and introduced himself. The bar was busy, people were standing around - I love when a place is a little small so that it fills up quick and seems lively rather than a big empty space that seems dead like some other places in Middletown.We opted for the drink menu (originally going there for the beers - I had my eye set on the Goose Island Sophie, my go-to Chicago beer). Mr. got the John Collins ($8, Soda Water, bourbon, sour mix) and I got the Golden South ($9, Ginger Beer, Lime, Bourbon...other good stuff I can't remember). We loved the selection of specialty drinks, specifically the Classic Drink menu which we have made a pact to work our way through. They also had a Martini and Specialty Cocktail list which all looked AMAZING. Also, NoRa cupcakes on the menu for dessert so you don't even have to walk your butt out in the cold to go next door!Middletown is on the up and up when it comes to restaurant and shops, and this place is just what the doctor ordered for this local. So if this is what the future of Main Street Middleton, COUNT ME IN!!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,2/3/2013,1,47,,5,3>Luna West Hartford is definitely (in my opinion) one of the best, if not the best, pizza in the Hartford area. I am not a fan of sweet pizza sauces and this sauce is smooth, flavorful, savory and just plain delicious. The cheese is one of high quality and I think that the dough/crust is of an appropriate thickness. And...they deliver! That definitely earns some bonus points.Also, I am a VERY picky eater. For example, I refuse to eat pizza after it has been refrigerated b/c the taste changes and it does not taste as good. However, with Luna pizza,  I do not careALSO, I would like to point out that the flavor profile from this luna is very different from the simsbury luna. Simsbury has a sweeter sauce and I think that it is more expensive....(don't quote me on that)Anywho, Luna Pizza is awesome and I would recommend it to anyone!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,2/2/2013,132,600,2,4,2>Ok, been here a few more times. Enough to say, "Woohoo!".  Love this place for lunch.A recent trip provided the perfect reasons why you should try this local place and avoid the chains.1) Friendly service. I mean real friendly table service. Like when you order water, and she offers up a fresh ice tea that is miles ahead of the manufactured stuff that you get at other places.2) Creative menu.  I got a pulled pork quesadilla with tomatillos. But did I mention pulled pork that was melt in your mouth delicious? And fresh corn to top it. A side caesar salad was a good compliment to it.  The daily specials change, well, daily, and they should some thought put into them.  3) And Fast. I needed to get in and out quickly. Mission accomplished.  Sandwichs and salads are around $10 which might seem a little high but its worth it for the quality and quantity.  A good value.  Support this local place.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,2/1/2013,12,139,6,8,4>Just when I was just starting to think I had discovered all there is to find in this section of Hartford, I was pleasantly surprised to end up here. This. Place. Is. Awesome. Here's the bottom line: We enjoyed our experience here so much on Friday night that I went back Saturday night and brought two additional friends. If anything, the second meal was even better. How many places are that impressionable? Now, stop reading and go get dinner!Top 5 Reasons to Go Here1) The staff are so friendly and work hard to make sure everything is perfect. Honestly, the family-run atmosphere is the best part of this place.2) Food is amazing! My party and I have now tried a dozen things on the menu and each was delicious. The pacing between courses was perfect too, which is always a bonus.3) Recently remodeled after the name change, this place has the feel of a cozy home but is also spacious to fit big parties. A really unique atmosphere.4) BYOB. Enough said.5) A diamond in the rough. The neighborhood leaves a lot to be desired, but this place is the gem it needs. I appreciate it that much more for being a fun, delicious place despite the area. I'm a local and having a go-to place near by is a real treat. Obviously, most of the diners are from Trinity College, so brace yourself for some youthful banter.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2012,1/31/2013,48,117,1,15,2>Amazing how many classy places are within a stone-throw from each other in this little hamlet called Bloomfield.  The most recent addition is from a family who's culinary reputation precedes themselves...Carbone's Kitchen.Situated in the rear corner of Wintonbury Mall, the decor is dark wood and dim lights. The bar, once copper-clad, now boasts beautiful wood tones.While waiting for our table, we had a martini. The Bitter sunshine is a truly unique concoction, made with vodka, fresh ruby-red grapefruit juice, and Campari. A real sipping martini to be sure.We were seated and perused the menu. It is apparent that they have gone for quality over quantity with a semi-limited menu. Still there was plenty from which to choose. For appetizers, we had Fried calamari, which were light and crispy, and served with a tantalizing marinara sauce. We also had Brisket Ends...possibly a homage to their former BBQ endeavor, W.B. Codys. They were singed on the outside, tender on the inside, and covered an a delightful sauce.Main courses - she had chicken parmesan, which was tender as can be, and served with a side of orchietta. I had the steak fundato, which had a lemon-butter sauce, onion confit, and sauteed fresh spinach. Extremely good!I don't know how we did it, but we had just enuogh room for dessert. Wife had cheesecake with a special type of cherry...it's Italian, and I'm sure to butcher the name if I attepmt it...but they were amazing.  Not to be undone, however, was what I had...a special deseert for the night: Red Velvet Bread Pudding...Are you Kidding??!?? Every bite was accompanied by a chorus of angels!!The service, although there were a few minor glitches, was for the most part informative, professional and attentive. It certainly did not detract from the marvelous food, delicous martinis, and the wonderful experience we had at Carbone's Kitchen. This place is a keeper...I can see people coming from as far as Torrington, Tolland, Springfield and New Haven to partake in their top-flight, imaginative offerings...and with an 8-theater movie complex a minute's walk away, you can come here for dinner before, and/or dessert after!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,1/30/2013,8,55,4,5,4>We celebrated our anniversary with a last-minute decision to stay local & go to J. Gilbert's. I was definitely not disappointed.We sat in the bar at a cozy (ok, tiny) booth-like table, but I really enjoyed the atmosphere in the bar, despite the extreme lack of space. We split an order of onion rings that were just heavenly. They are coated in a pretzel mix and were perfectly crisp on the outside. The only thing I would have liked is if they had a bit of salt on them. The rings were served with 3 different sauces: the house BBQ sauce (I liked it, Mr. said it was too smoky tasting), a mustard/fennel sauce, and the garlic parmesan sauce, which we fought over!The Mr. enjoyed a filet with a loaded baked potato. The filet was cooked perfectly to order and the potato looked great. He had another side too but I don't remember what it was. I had scallops on top of lobster risotto that was fantastic. For dessert we shared an apple pie/turnover sort of dessert with a scoop of fantastic cinnamon/vanilla ice cream on top. A big shout out for our waiter - he was fantastic. I couldn't stump him on a single question about the menu and he was very friendly, too.We rolled out bigger in the belly and lighter in the wallet. It's probably good that our budget doesn't allow for more visits - we'd end up buying bigger clothes too.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,1/29/2013,402,2019,,6,2>a big thank you to karin and shawn d. for their reviews that led me here, this place rocks! ok, i know i have only been here once and only had two slices and they were reheated end of the day slices, not fresh from the oven or anything but ya know if a slice is this good at the end of the day it's a good sign.i had two grandpa slices which was a bit like a grandma slice but a bit thicker, sicilian style square cut you know the deal. cheese on the bottom sauce on top. a little char in the crust and maybe the crust is a little oily. chunky sauce but not big hunks of tomato. overall, this was a great slice and i can't wait to come back and try more. pretty sure it was just plain old deck ovens, no wood or coal, no bricks from italy. not new haven style or thin crust or fancy schmancy, just a damn good slice o pizza. (note i didnt get the plain round triangle cut slices that didnt look as magical to me)i dont know anything about east hartford. it seemed like the middle of nowhere near a coca cola bottling plant. is it sketchy over here? i didn't see any other people around and the pizzeria was dead at 9pm and no cars on the road. it was pretty easy to get to over by rentschler field (or however you spell it).if you are near by and looking for pizza i would check it out.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,1/28/2013,108,203,4,5,4>Excellent lunch here! I am glad to see such a fun joint in the center of Wallingford. Service was friendly, but seemed overwhelmed. It was a busy place at lunchtime, with all different types of people grabbing a bite to eat. I went with one of the specials--the triple threat dog--bacon wrapped hot dog topped with pulled pork and cheese sauce on a buttered, grilled bun. I did not want to give up a bite to the hubby it was so good (but I did anyway since I am such an awesome wife). I also got a side of the sweet potato fries--huge portion size with great sweet flavor to them.  Tom had the Big Kahuna burger--with bacon, grilled onions, pineapple and chipotle mayo--he said it was the chipotle mayo that really made this burger and defined things for his tastebuds. Awesome place with a great vibe and great food to match--their special apps for the day sounded amazing too--fried cheese curds and fried pickles. I'll definitely have to come back again to try these!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,1/27/2013,0,15,2,9,2>My wife and I visited Vinted late afternoon/early evening on 12/15 based on a family members recommendation.  We were greeted by the GM who was constant motion during our 2 hour stay.  We started with a cheese/speck dish and a beet carpaccio salad.  Both outstanding.  We also had scallops over braised short ribs and a wonderful braised veal dish.  Service was quick and friendly.  Since we decided to sit at the bar, we engaged in some great conversations with the bartender.  One note - we arrived around 5:00 and were able to land that spot at the bar.  We turned around 45 minutes later and the place was packed.  Good food, wine and service is a simple recipe for success that Vinted definitely had during our visit.  We are looking forward to dining there again.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/26/2013,34,102,2,6,3>This store has everything and if he doesn't the owner will order it for you.  I found the tea that I wanted and more, they have a very nice selection of dried herbs. They are very helpful and knowledgeable about the items they have in stock also. The prices aren't bad for what they have and they have some items that let you know that this spot is the real deal.. do your research when you come into places like this because they offer so much you need to know what your looking for. this store has been around for some time so they have a lockon the goods. I will be coming back here for any other of my wholistic items that I need especially the dried herbs for teas...BTW I love the hippy feel of the place
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,1/25/2013,15,54,2,7,2>Came here with my wife and a couple of friends to pick up some BBQ and bring home for football yesterday. I was incredibly pleased with the meat and sides at Nat Haydens, but it wasnt quite perfect for my BBQ tastes. We got there at about 3 on a Saturday afternoon, and the place was dead. Which was good because between the two of us (not including my two friends) we were about to order nearly all of the meats and as many sides as possible. We just wanted to try everything out to learn what we would want the next time. Heres what we thought of the food. SidesPepperjack Grits- these were awesome. nice and creamy, with just enough cheese in them that it didnt take over the flavor of the grits, but wasnt lost either. From what i had read, it can differ from day to day and we seemed to have gotten these on a great day. Mac and Cheese- We both thought these were well above average for a side dish to go with BBQ. Not as bland as others noted. Sure, they wont knock your socks off, but theyre not gourmet either. Its a side dish. Mix it with meat and sauce, and theyre fantastic. Macaroni Salad- way too much mayonnaise. i thought these were pretty awful. Dripping in mayo and hardly any flavor. Oh wellPotato Salad- again, way too much mayo. Wasnt a fan of these either. Cole Slaw- I thought this was really good. Lots of vinegar and briny with a lot of crunch. A good slaw. Cornbread- My wife didnt like it (dry) but also didnt add butter. I added butter and loved it. So, I guess it is a case of being moist if youre willing to add the trans fat. I always am. The MeatsBrisket- My favorite of the meats we tried. Good bark on the outside, great tenderness in the middle. Couldnt quite see the smoke ring because of the color of the sauce, but the pieces of brisket I ate were all flavorful, fatty, and saucy. Pulled Pork- My wife is a pulled pork connoisseur. Its her favorite of the BBQ meat standards. She absolutely loved this pulled pork. It was more chopped than pulled, and had more of a tangy and sweet taste than some of the more spicy pepper ones. Pork RIbs- I thought these were above average. Good taste, good bark. The pieces were pretty fatty, but I like them that way. Meat fell off of the bones and was even good the next morning. Andouille Sausage- Not bad. Im not usually into smoked sausage, but these were a good version. Went great with the tangy bbq sauce. The two large links we had were not dry at all, but nice and moist. Not as much snap on the casing, more mushy but the flavor was good inside. Im really excited to go back to Nat Haydens for more. I would have loved to give 5 stars, but for BBQ it would really have to blow me away. While a great meal, and easily the best BBQ in the local area for takeout or quick lunch, it had a couple of little issues that didnt quite get it there. I cant wait to go back again. If youre in the area and want some smoked BBQ at a great price (seriously, the brisket or pork sandwich for 5.25 weighs about 3 lbs) you should swing by Nat Haydens. We will be back soon.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,1/24/2013,86,169,2,6,3>On a Friday night in November, the Firebox was pretty busy, but my friend and I were still able to get a spot in the Tavern area, eventually sharing the six-spot table with two others and laughing occasionally with the pair at the table next to ours.The high tables and chairs were pretty comfortable, all in all. I succeeded in choosing the beer they'd just run out of initially (everyone's got to have a talent, and that's mine), but the waiter steered me to another seasonal ale that was very nice indeed. My companion raved about the butternut squash soup, but I was hungrier, and went for the braised short ribs.Heaven on a plate, that's what it was. Comfort food extraordinaire. Tender, succulent, flavorful... Pardon me, I'm making myself hungry all over again.Firebox has a well-earned place in the Billings Forge Works, which includes this farm-to-table restaurant, arts programs, vocational education, and housing. I'd support it for that.Or for heaven on a plate. I'm not picky. Hungry, now, but not picky.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,1/23/2013,412,837,2,7,6>We just arrived from Frankfurt yesterday and drove from Boston to CT. Before getting our apartment for my 4 months of work in Middletown, we're staying in a hotel close by. A little jetlagged, we wanted to grab some dinner before retiring. To my delight, Yelp showed me that Priya was within walking distance.The front door was not open and I did not see a sign directing us towards the side but, we found the entrance up a makeshift handicapped ramp. The place appeared somewhat small. We were greeted, seated, and asked for drinks. They had large Indian beers which are our choice for this cuisine. Normally we like to order three main courses for variety but given our condition, we stuck with lamb vindaloo and chicken tikka masala. I liked both dishes and would give them a B. The garlic naan was excellent. I cared neither for the raita which just seemed to have something missing in it's spicing nor for the Indian pickles which seemed more like a chutney and lacked the typical black salt flavor.Service was attentive and we were not at all rushed. We'll be back but will also try some other local Indian joints to compare.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,1/22/2013,81,208,1,6,3>Birch Hill Tavern was on my list to try and I'm glad I made a visit the other day. A friend and I decided to order two of the small plates and split. It ended up working fine and there was plenty of food.The food was well-prepared and my friend enjoyed his beer. I found the beer list to be a bit limited when it was recited to me. Surprising for a "tavern". The wine list looks more exhaustive and may be telling of their clientele.The decor is well-executed inside. Consider it "polished American tavern". There is one larger area with the bar,  tall table tops and 3-4 large screen TVs. Then there is a smaller back area with several tables. Some would call it small, others would consider it cozy. Anytime I stop in this plaza for a quick Walgreens or Highland Park Market stop, the place appears packed.Our server was nice. She disappeared for part of our meal and my water glass sat empty for a large part of the meal. The one thing that I really remark is if they keep my water glass full. I had to ask her twice for refills while the glass sat right in front of her empty. Minus one BIG star for that. Would I come here again? Yes. Would I get perturbed about my empty water glass? Probably. Are the prices a bit inflated as other Yelpers have claimed? Yes. When you have to pay an extra $2 for French fries or an extra $3 for steak fries on a $12 burger, you bet. Birch Hill Tavern: stop being cheap with a side that probably costs $.25 to make. Some of the apps also looked like they were a priced $1-$5 too high for me to bother ordering them unless I was splitting them with at least one other person.They offer a Happy Hour 4-6pm where the chef picks 4 apps that are $5 each. I don't think they do any drink specials. When asked, the server was a bit reluctant to even share HH info.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,1/21/2013,617,380,3,6,3>Ordered from the takeout menu with some coworkers yesterday and came in to pick it up. When we walked in to the take out/market section I was delightfully surprised by the lack of fish odor in the air. Usually when you walk into a fish market that's all you smell, but not here! We went to pay for our order and noticed the long line starting to form behind us. There were 2 girls behind the counter, but just 1 handing the register and taking phone orders. The girl was so busy that she actually forgot to give me back my debit card and I had to go back today to pick it up.The delightful aroma that filled the car as we drive back to work made us very excited to tear open our meals. I ordered the small lobster bisque and broiled sea scallop platter with Cajun seasoning, fries and cole slaw. My coworkers had the seafood soup and lobster roll platter. I wondered why my coworker who loves to eat ordered just the seafood soup, but when I saw the size of my small bisque I realized why. It was a very decent portion for a small! And let me tell you it was some of the best poster bisque I've ever had! Nice big pieces of lobster and delicious bisque for only $4.75! The lobster roll was big, chock full of lobster and my coworker said it was yum! I shared the scallop platter with my fiancé for dinner and it was deeeeeelicious! When I went back today to pick up my card I couldn't help but order the seafood soup. Lol. It was really yumm and full of salmon, potato, and a lot of other types of seafood in a bisque broth. Not as delicious as the lobster, but good and very filling. I will definitely be going back to J's!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,1/19/2013,357,375,,2,4>I first heard about Arch Street Tavern when Beach Fossils came around and I really wanted to go but couldn't make it. Fast forward nearly two years, and while Arch Street brought in more live music I wanted to see, I never made it out until last week for The Hold Steady and Fang Island. I was fully impressed. Located right off the highway on its own little corner of Arch Street, this place is much bigger - and way cooler - than I expected. Open layout with high ceilings, stage area in the back with lots of space in front, tables behind the open space, bar to the left, and an outdoor area to the right when you walk in. The whole place is very conducive to a great concert experience. There were lots of beers on tap, including the more interesting, and there were some good $4 specials (Brooklyn Summer and Anchor Steam!), which we stuck to. While there was a crowd, we got our beers pretty quickly. The ladies' room was clean, and while I didn't have to wait too long, there was a pretty nice waiting area inside, which I can appreciate. Parking was a little tough since Arch Street's own lot was full by the time we got there, but we were able to park on the street around the corner for free after 6. I'm sure we'll be back for another show or just to hang out at the bar if we're in the Hartford area.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,1/18/2013,226,428,,2,2>My wife had tried this location a handful of times for karaoke and wanted to try for dinner so we did.  I have not had much (any) lunch with Chinese food places in Connecticut to date so this was probably the best Chinese food I have had to date in Connecticut. We liked this location enough to go two nights in a row.  Although I was tempted to get the same thing twice I tried something new each time.  The crab rangoons are a little different from most locations, they are lighter with less wrap material making them easier and more enjoyable to eat.  The hot and sour soup is very good, a must for me.  We tried most of the seafood dishes, I was most impressed by the Ginger Lobster special, although I feel like the shrimp dishes are also very good.  The Hunan Style Shrimp is really a similar sauce to the Shrimp and Scallops so unless you don't like Shrimp there is really not point in getting the Hunan Style Scallops.  During Saturday nights they are very busy, they usually have someone playing the piano in the middle of the main dining area.  Not really sure why they have three dining areas and a karaoke area when they only sit people in the two.The dinner prices are a little high but I think worth it, especially when compared to other prices of inferior restaurants in the area and Connecticut in general.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,1/17/2013,78,60,2,4,3>I came across this place during my lunch break and decided to give it a try. I was so excited to have stumbled across hotdog heaven. The menu has a wide variety of options in regarding to hotdogs and toppings. They cater to vegetarians, people who don't eat pork and people who want to try something extremely different. I'm definitely pleased they are a new addition the the Downtown scene and I will be returning to try their Happy Hour next!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,1/16/2013,23,65,,9,5>The battle for pho supremacy heats up with the arrival of Pho 99. The old standards better get with it, because a couple of upstart pho joints have brought their A Game, and the newest among them, Pho 99, might just be leader of the pack right now. The restaurant is unusual compared to most of the small, family-run pho places in the Hartford area in that it actually looks like a restaurant, and not a re-purposed storefront with a bunch of mismatched tables and walls full of calendar art from the local oriental food distributor as the primary decor. The owner, Peter (I suspect that is not his given name), clearly took this new venture seriously. It is an open, inviting space. And Peter is an inviting host, eager to talk to you and very attentive.We arrived less than a half-hour before closing time on a Wednesday evening (something I usually try to avoid, because many restaurants tend to be more focused upon closing up, not serving fresh food). Peter immediately jumped up to greet us. At 7:40pm there was only one other table occupied. When we mentioned that we're always excited to see a new pho restaurant, Peter seemed genuinely delighted that we were pho fans. He was quick to explain why Pho 99's noodle soup was special. "If you're familiar with the other pho places in the area," he explained (no doubt, speaking of that tiny pho joint up the road, by Pratt & Whitney), "you'll notice that my broth is different." He makes it fresh, he says, with no MSG, and it simmers overnight. Okay...serve it up! Pho tai for me, pho ga (chicken) for my wife.First off, let me just say that I'm always amused that bowls of pho seem to come in only two sizes...medium and large. What happened to small? Well, there is no small here, either. The medium bowls we ordered were more than enough for a hungry pho fan. The large must be enough to feed a small family. And the price was very reasonable at $8.99.We enjoyed an order of fresh spring rolls while awaiting our pho...and they were very fresh indeed, plump with shrimp, sprouts, vermicelli and plenty of mint. My wife thought the peanut sauce was too sweet, but I loved it. BTW, in addition to the usual tray of sriracha and hoisan sauce, Pho 99 offers up fish sauce and two other chili sauces, one a nice red sauce full of pepper flakes, and another probably best reserved for the truly hard-core...a bowl of red chili oil filled with crushed peppers.Our pho arrived pretty quick, but by this time we were the only ones there, so I can't comment on what the regular service is like. Anyway, the noodle soup was so fresh, so incredibly good, I knew immediately what Peter was speaking of when he said his soup was "different." This was light, but very flavorful. Not a whole lot of fat floating on top, but tons of flavor. It truly had a very fresh taste, and everything about it was simply perfect, including the thin flank steak slices. Pretty much the same for the pho ga. Just nothing bad to say about either. Be aware, though, that as of this writing, Pho 99 specializes in SOUP. No bun or shaking beef, or lemon grass chicken. Just several variations of traditional Vietnamese soups. Peter says they'll expand the menu in the future, so stay tuned.Finally, while I hate to mention competitors in a restaurant's review, I can't help but point out the other "upstart," Pho Saigon in West Hartford. I also gave it five stars, but there are huge differences between the two. Saigon is one of those little re-purposed storefronts I mentioned; I feel like I'm in the waiting area of a dentist's office. It is tiny compared to Pho 99's spacious, nicely decorated dining room. Both restaurants are run by a very friendly proprietor, but where Peter at Pho 99 is an up-front man who likes to chat and make sure you're well taken care of, the proprietor at Pho Saigon tends to disappear for long periods of time, and seems to forget you're there. The style of pho is different, too. Again, Pho 99's noodle soup has a very fresh tasting, light and flavorful broth. Saigon's is also very good, but sweeter and heavier on the star anise and cloves, and more fatty (that is not a bad thing, just a different style). My point being, there are some excellent new choices for quality Vietnamese food in the Hartford area. Don't succumb to the old standbys. Check out the new guys in town.As far as I am concerned, for pho junkies in the Hartford area, Pho 99 takes it to a new level.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,1/15/2013,70,152,,5,4>I met Alyssa at a charity event for the Meriden Humane Society last August. Opening a storefront was a dream of hers. She made it come true this spring. It's a small quaint shop but the cupcakes deliver in flavor. The flavors are inventive and the cake is moist. She is a one person operation right now (along with family help!) so be sure to place cake orders ahead of time because she does run out of slots.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,1/14/2013,71,294,,7,5>We were greeted with a line that nearly reached the door when our group of four visited Paradise Hills recently. The vineyard's off-the-beaten-path location certainly doesn't keep crowds at bay, but luckily we didn't wait long at all for a tasting. Just a couple of minutes after our arrival, we were directed to another, smaller tasting area at the rear of the property, and were able to enjoy a semi-private tasting with just two other guests.As Lisa M pointed out, the tasting fee is comparable to other Connecticut vineyards, and I thought the wine was as well. Paradise Hills is unique, however, in that it seems to stay open until 8 or 9 most nights-- much later than the standard 5 or 6pm last call at most area vineyards. I'd definitely recommend grabbing a seat in the patio area near the vines, and soaking in the Wallingford-meets-Tuscany ambiance...
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,1/13/2013,61,81,,3,4>I don't like french fries and I don't eat beef, but I LOVE Plan B Burger Bar. I know, it's ridiculous but true. Like several other people have already reported, the Simsbury location is by far the most worthwhile. From the building (an old train station) to the decor (meat hook light fixtures!), Simsbury's Plan B would totally get a 6th star from me if it were an option. Since Yelp won't let me 6 star this joint, I'm going to blather on about the burgers. Mind you, I don't eat cow so I cannot comment on the quality of the beef but I've had a number of the burgers on the menu and substitute turkey.  Last night I had  Three Shrooms, the visit before that I had the West Coast(er?) and I liked both equally.  Desert was the B cup which is basically a hostess cupcake on steroids. I'm a creature of habit and normally once I've vetted a restaurant I quickly settle into a routine of ordering my usual at each and every visit. Plan B is a rare sort of experience for me. The menu has actually forced me outside of my comfort zone and I willingly look forward to trying a new burger each trip.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,1/12/2013,53,66,3,16,2>Pho 75 fo sho! This place is a little off the beaten path out right off the runway at Bradley Airport, but I would fly for miles for a bowl of their pho. The broth!!!! OMG! I want a bathtub filled with the stuff. So good! My regret is I have but one stomach to eat with.Hubby and I enjoyed a large bowl of the vegetarian pho and the vegetarian bun. Both were exceptional. The service was friendly, attentive, and fast, the decor was charming, the food was amazing, and the price was right. I encourage you - urge you - to go get your pho on at Pho 75 ASAP!!!!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,1/11/2013,55,281,4,5,4>Had lunch here yesterday. First they bring out nice and crispy Italian bread with olive oil. Got a refill within 10 minutes. So for appetizers we ordered the Salumi and cheese, Coppa Picante, Sopressata, and Speck for the Salumi part and the Piave which is a young Parmigiano Regiano. All 4 choice were delicious! I had the Prosciutto arugula, mozzarella, truffle oil Panini. Very tasty! My wife had the Merluzzo cod, escarole, white beans, tomatoes who said it was very good, I can tell because her plate was clean. The staff is super friendly and accommodating.
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,1/10/2013,312,447,4,9,5>I've been coming here since I moved to the area four years ago.  Ting, the owner, is sweet as could be and extremely knowledgable.  She is informative about the nuances, aromas, flavors, history, and origins of all the different teas she carries in her beautiful tea shop.  There is a huge variety of loose leaf available that you can purchase from 1oz and up.  There are a ton of different teas for people to smell and several prepared in pots for sampling.  Surely there is something for every tea lover here.  Also, they carry lovely teapot sets on sale as well as infusers, strainers, tea travel mugs (on my wishlist!), tea to-go, and variety packs to try different kinds at home.  The store is set up in a way that makes it easy for people to walk around and explore the wide variety of teas that they have.Recently I picked up the Strawberry Slim Pu-erh (which I absolutely love), Malasa Chai, Dragonfruit (a blend of green and black with hint of fruitness), Passionfruit Jasmine, and a traditional Chinese Oolong tea that has flowery orchid-like taste.  All of them have been excellent.  I am drinking the Passionfruit Jasmine as I type this up.  After having tea from here it is difficult to return to bagged teas from the grocery store.  If you like tea, you definitely want to check this place out!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,1/9/2013,245,117,10,9,8>I LOVE THIS PLACE. If theres one thing my someone from California can confidently comment (alliteration!) on its a self serve frozen yogurt shop. I've been on a tear since moving to Connecticut---juxtaposing every eatery I've come across to it's California equivalent. Atmosphere, service, flavors, toppings, location---they got it all! No comparisons necessary, doesn't matter if you're from California, Connecticut, or the North Pole---if you're of this world, make it Froyoworld! On days I'm feeling 'healthier,' I opt for their Original Tart flavor (which I find to be slightly different than other frozen yogurt shops; in a good way!). The tart flavor pairs nicely with their fruit selection (mangoes, strawberries, kiwi, and lychee!) and a bit of granola! Perfect in the morning!  On days I'm looking to 'indulge myself,' I lean heavily on vanilla bean and some sweet complement of cake batter, cookies and cream, or chocolate---PERFECT NOMS. Then add some graham cracker dust, toffee, a few gummy bears for color, and brownie bite. #ifthatsnotindulgenceidontknowwhatisNow, It sounds like I love frozen yogurt and could have said this about any establishment; so what makes Froyoworld different, what makes it better? Uh, everything.First off, Froyoworld LOOKS like i place i want to eat, hangout, and come back to----to eat and hang out. Plenty of seating, good music playing, and free WiFi--I've hung out in here on my laptop for an extended period of time and nobody seemed to mind or death stared me to leave. kudos! Also, I don't know if this is just a comparison to some gross Cali shops I've frequented but Froyoworld is CLEAN. Most noticeably their topping section is an immaculate thing of beauty! The last thing i want to see is a popping boba ball floating in the cherry juice, but the Froyo staff makes sure to get its presentation points! Theres nothing less appetizing than seeing a crusted/dried out version of the topping you wanted to select sitting on the counter---thank you for sparing me the distress! We eat with our eyes first, and I love visually eating here! Finally, the staff is friendly (and cute!) and the service is great! They also have a YELP deal! If you check in you get 15% off your cup! See you soon Froyoworld, I don't need Cali creature comforts (alliteration), I have you.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,1/8/2013,52,107,10,4,4>In my phone, I have Joe, Joey and Joe's.Joe is my ex, I only call him to tell him off.Joey is my son, he only calls me to ask for money. Joe's I call whenever I want a clown face full of wing sauce. It is important not to mix up these phone numbers! Asking Joe for a large pizza only results in him replying with a remark about my weight, and telling off Joe's Pizza results in hunger, neither of which are good. Joe's is like a friend with benefits. You don't get the attention that a full-on boyfriend would give you, but you know when you get it, it's so good you put up with his casual attitude towards you and hate yourself later. The wings are the BEST around - sold bone-in or boneless by the pound. Breaded or un-breaded. Super crispy coating on the breaded that soaks up their delicious sauce served with a nice, thick blue cheese dip, carrots and celery. Salads are big and awesome with lots of mozzarella all over the top of 'em. House dressing is really good - a balsamic kind of mix, nice and hearty. Scrum-diddly-yum. Nice and fresh veggies, I've never seen them use anything of poor quality. The pizza is pretty good, I like the thicker crust. They have some interesting topping combinations that are fun and delicious - Buffalo Chicken, Philly Cheese, etc. Nice, light sauce. I've eaten here many times and never been sick.My only criticism would be that Joe's has become so popular and busy, they are closed two days a week now which sucks when you forget which days and you are jonesin' for some wings, but I guess when business is good, you can afford to close a couple days. They don't always have the greatest customer service skills in the world, and delivery takes an hour or more - but the food is great and really, that's what you're paying for. You won't ever be disappointed with the food, it's always been super good and worth the wait. :-)
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,1/7/2013,69,136,,5,8>You will love their food from hot oven grinders to pizza and cold drinks! CJ's Pizza & Grinders has been a staple in the town of Manchester since the 1970's. All I can say is "Mouth Watering Grinders", the way momma used to make em! Shredded lettuce, top quality meats & cheese including everyone's favorite provolone!!! My top two favorite hot grinders are: Ham & Cheese in the oven, as well as Pastrami grinder in the oven with melted provolone/lettuce and their amazing Roasted Peppers that spill flavor all over your mouth!!!There is a reason why this place is constantly busy and people know where to go for a high quality , reasonably priced lunch break or dinner takeout! Yes, you can eat there as well, with about 6-7 comfortable booths!!Summary: A combination of friendly staff, (family) as well as high quality food made just right, will keep you coming back for more! I really am proud that CJ's has been serving the town of Manchester and it's visitors for over 40+ years!!!!Thank you:)
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,1/6/2013,115,309,1,6,4>Located kind of across from Bushnell Park, this is a great place to visit for a business lunch, stop in for a nice meal with your special someone, or to relax after work.  Wonderful service, great staff and the menu is really a winner.   One entree in particular stands out for me.   I had never heard of  "SPASTA PESTO?"  It was delicious.  Vegetables, squash and sauce.  I have stopped in and enjoyed the happy hour in the past, also and excellent experience.
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,1/5/2013,803,1274,9,7,6>It seems as though every Hartford Yelper I have met feels a duty and obligation to eventually make a pilgramage to A Dong. Today, it was my turn to oblige.I have to admit that I really don't know enough about the Oriental groceries, produce, and bakery items I looked at to intelligably talk about what they were. So my review is basically an account of the experience (really an experience of amazement and wonder) to stroll among the aisles and see things I had never seen before.The store is enormous, much larger than I would have imagined. The first thing we saw as we entered the doors were these hanging carcasses of roasted animals- I'm guessing pork and ducks? Pretty awesome to behold, although I would have to be pretty inebriated to consider buying any of that. The bakery section was amazing -tray after tray of items I was seeing for the first time- dessert buns, savory buns, and even buns with hot dogs.In the meat section, I saw a container of quail eggs - little bitty things with spotted shells. As we walked the meat aisle on the left wall, we heard the grind of a saw blade and the screech that could only be that blade plowing a groove through some sort of bone. I immediately envisioned some grim faced guy sawing a roast pig in half.The produce section was a cornucopia of color -things I was familiar with and things that looked like a science experiment gone amuck. Hairy peaches with seaweed sprouting out. Strange green stalks. Things I can't even begin to describe. We did see some great looking red grapes, and scooped up a few bunches.This has to be heaven for tofu and noodle lovers- I saw more permutations, combinations, and variations of both than I ever knew existed.Besides the grapes, we bought some Chocolate Mint Pocky sticks, some Chocolate Soy Milk (I love chocolate soy milk!) with Oriental lettering (bummer- it was made in California), and a Japanese box of chili cooking sauce for shrimp.The reviews I had read warned me of the strong odor in the store, and we didn't really notice that until we hit the fish counter- it was quite pungent there, but it was worth it to see the large variety of fish laid out for the customers.I'm glad I went. I think its wonderful that our Vietnamese, Korean, Laotian, Chinese, Japanese,and Cambodian friends, as well as adventuresome gourmands of every persuasion have a gigantic authentic market to go to.Seeing it for the first time was a very enjoyable experience. It was also a very humbling experience, because it reminded me how ignorant I am of the Asian cultures.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,1/4/2013,397,324,7,15,6>I admit I am super lame because I skipped homework to write this review.  I tried this place out with my sister on Monday and was so impressed with the concept. I've never been to a Mongolian Grill before but it reminds me of a meal we have on a skillet at home. It incorporated the same concept, tons of veggies and various types of meat. The only major difference was it wasn't cooked in butter. After reading the reviews I bookmarked the place and was actually impressed. I'll definitely be back but I might have to ask Shao the owner if I can bring my own sauce. I'll sign of waiver if I have to ;) The concept is to fill your plate with all the ingredients you want and then take it to the cooking station.  I confirmed it you can make as many return trips as you would like.  Frankly I couldn't handle more than two trips and on my second trip my dish was full of nothing but veggies. I was impressed with the variety and freshness of the vegetables.  I'm a huge veggie snob, I cringe at the sight of dried veggies.  They had two types of mushrooms out, different types of peppers, pricier vegetables such as snow peas and asparagus. You can easily get your money's worth if you load up on the snow peas and asparagus (my favorite veggies).  Seriously I would definitely return simply because of the freshness of the veggies. For Yelpers who are a fan of Pick and Mix, this place is similar but with MORE VEGGIES! The meat selection was okay. Beef flank, goat, shrimp, scallops, salmon and trout. The protein was frozen chips, I guess that's to keep cost down? I would like to see tofu added to the selection in the future. They had three types of noodles to pick from, yellow lomein noodles, udon and starch noodles. The udon was my favorite because it absorbed the most flavor.  The sauce selection was pretty impressive but I can see how it can be overwhelming for someone who is not familiar with how the flavors taste. One recommendation I have is that the staff put indicators of their most popular sauce to facilitate the lost and confused in their selection. I'm sure a little star over the tags/ labels will help facilitate an enjoyable experience for those new to Asian cuisine.  My favorite sauce was the garlic sauce. For one of my dishes I mixed Korean BBQ and a bunch of other things, that concoction was not my best. I didn't touch the ice cream bar. Nothing was calling out my name. Would love to see red bean ice cream in the freezer. Since I'm in a "request mode" a chocolate fountain would be nice if its within the budget for the next quarter :) Shao works/ helps on the floor and I was impressed with his attentiveness. I was dressed like a total slob yet the service was top notch.  Overall for the price I would definitely return. Innovative concept, fresh veggies and friendly staff. Don't make the same mistake I did, I had a snack before coming so I didn't get to try out as many sauces as I would have liked to.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/3/2013,129,155,3,3,3>Yet another great experience at Tisane...they open at 7:30 AM for coffee/pastries, etc. It was the unexpected morning visit  (the I-need-coffee-to-stay-awake-at-a-desk-on-6-hours-­of-sleep-after-a-boisterous-night-out-with-a-­girlfriend type of morning). Great prices (under $4 for a latte...I can't believe that's actually a GOOD price ($4!?), but it is. Especially considering the dominant corporate version available at your nearest Starbucks is $4.31). Staff told me that they don't raise prices much, which is obviously apparent since their prices are lower than other competitors. I absolutely love how this place is open early! Tisane, you do it again for me and make me that much happier to move down the street in a few months!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,1/2/2013,48,116,3,6,2>You never know with a new place. However, I stopped in here with my husband right before a doctor's appointment, so we knew we had to be in and out within 40 minutes or so. Not a problem! We sat at the bar, and the bartender was super friendly and right on top of things. I had a cobb salad (huge and good - only downfall was the lack of avocado), and my husband had the jalapeno burger (he really liked it). When a bug happened to randomly dive into my beer bottle (yes, I had a beer before seeing the doctor, so sue me), the bartender was kind enough to replace the beer! Considering all of the above, we'll definitely be back for a more leisurely dinner next time!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,1/1/2013,1,224,3,3,3>This place is a very serious restaurant!! solid thumbs UP! On a sunday night around 6pm Mill on the River  is packed and with good reason. drinks are very good...food is excellent...service top notch...and its a very attractive location. CT. restaurant week winding down and my wife and I ventured for one more $20.12 three course dinner. we both had the butternut squash bisque....very flavorful with nice herb croutons. we decided to splurge on an additional app and had the pumpkin ravioli....extremely tasty. For dinner my wife had the atlantic ocean combo....salmon,swordfish,shrimp and scallops mixed with rice and veggies.....and ate every bit. I had the black angus steak frites.....juicy and flavorful hangar steak with peppercorn sauce. Our tremendously professional server named shea(guy)(ask for him when you go-he's high energy and seems excited about everything on the menu!)..recommended the pumpkin maple panna cotta for dessert. solid suggestion!! Wish CT. restaurant week happened all the time. We will return!!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,12/31/2012,257,66,3,4,2>I am giddy to write this review! This visit is my highlight of the week.  Can I say I'm more than impressed!I always to go Style Points Salon in the same plaza to get my hair cut and the girls at the salon always tell me to take a look at the Clothes Mentor as there are good finds. Of course I always brushed of the suggestion. Me- consignment shopper? No way, not me! I will stick to my regular clothing brand establishments. Well, yesterday I got my hair cut, and decided to venture in as the curiosity was getting the best of me.I walked in and was greeted my an employee who quickly told me that everything in the store was 20% off. Score! Now let's see if I can find something...Right away I found two pairs of Nike work out pants with the original tags on, never worn both at $6.00 each! My heart was racing! I must explore further! To the career section! Right away I scooped up two blouses ( Ann Taylor & New York Co) both in excellent condition for $4.00 a piece. Then I found two pencil skirts ( Coldwater Creek & New York Co) one with the original store tag on- $6.00, & $8.00!  Then I found a lovely Ann Taylor long jacket in excellent condition, could not pass that up! 30 bucks.All these wonderful finds for under $50.00! I was overwhelmed by the selection and delicious finds..I had to stop & walk away.Highlights:-All merchandise is popular labels/brands ( Express, New York Co, Old Navy, Coldwater Creek, LL Bean, Etc)- They only accept clothing that has been gently or never worn, 2 years old or less- They do pay you for your donations. That amount is undetermined- They do turn away items which I actually admire. There was a women attempting to drop off clothing, but since the clothes were full of cat hair and worn out- the store did not accept them. Love that!-All the merchandise is organized & neat- separated from Petite to 3XL, pants, sweater, shirts, causal, career etc, are all in their designated sections. - They carry mainly career clothing ( this workaholic LOVES that) causal attire, coats, designer bags, & shoes that do not look like they have been worn.- Location is accessible & there is plenty of parking. It is located in the Verizon Wireless Plaza across from Evergreen Walk ( Lowes & Target entrance)-Staff is friendly & helpful.I walked out of the store practically skipping. I believe this to be my new favorite clothing store!If you are looking to shrink your budget considerably & still look fashionable, I HIGHLY recommend you visit this golden gem!   :)
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,12/30/2012,103,163,3,5,3>I have a helluva time choosing what I want every time I go into Mozzicato, as the selection is ridiculous (in the best way possible). I have tried the cookies (the amaretti are delightful!), pastries (they have some kind of lemon ricotta pastry that was simply per. fect.), and the tiramisu (unfortunately, nothing to write home about). Because it's Easter season, they have rice and ricotta pies available, so on my most recent visit this past weekend, just had to get one. Rice pie is my absolute favorite.The pie is infused with an overwhelming lemon flavor. It was delicious, don't get me wrong, but I prefer citrusy undertones instead of having it dominate the flavor of the pie. It did not stop me from having two slices, though.My suggestion is that you must try this bakery! There is something for everyone, and more often than not, you can't go wrong.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,12/29/2012,38,41,2,3,4>I didn't know such a restaurant was housed in Middletown. I'm not too familiar with the Middletown area but after my experience at Luce I'm willing to explore.  I'm still wondering to myself why I haven't explored Middletown.Food: The Duck Two Ways was simply amazing. I haven't had duck that good in a long time. The plum wine reduction is something you can brag about once mastered. All the flavors complimented each other.  I'm not a diehard duck fan but after that meal I am addicted.  Another item that you have to try is the Luce Signature salad with fresh mozzarella cheese.  My dining companion was beyond happy the flash from my camera didn't bother him at all.  Our oysters were fresh and I wish I had some right now. Price:Not priced for everyday meals but the prices are far more reasonable than anything in West Hartford Center. Luce was charming and the entrees exceeded my expectations. I would pay their asking price in a heartbeat knowing the ingredients used to prepare my dishes were simply fresh and top quality.Service: Was I queen for the evening? Amazing service, staff was friendly and attentive. Parking:Adjacent to the restaurant no issues here.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,12/28/2012,125,121,4,6,5>This adorable little farm stand is literally a hop, skip, and a jump away from my condo. For the past few years, I've been randomly stopping here for local fruits, veggies, and flowers. Just a few months ago, I noticed that Jem's Gardens had expanded to include a dairy stand and small paved parking lot. I stopped to see what was new, and holy cow...what a fun little menu of local treats! At Jem's, you'll find everything from homemade pies, smoothies, and frozen yogurt (made from their own berries and fruit), to clam chowder, peppermint toffee, and Nutella cinnamon buns (ermahgerd yes...you read that correctly). I just love the eclectic mix of options here, and I especially appreciate the fact that they support and sell items from other local businesses, too.This place is truly a "jem" in South Windsor! So proud to call them my neighbors.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/27/2012,79,188,6,7,3>You want a pretentious nightclub with a dress code and barely legal women puking in the bushes? Sorry. This ain't it. The Red Rock is a neighborhood bar. It's where the rugby team comes to celebrate, where political savvy types regularly discuss hot topics, and where anyone is welcome to be themselves, whether that means wearing a suit or a ripped and stained t-shirt with jeans. Divey? Please. You don't know from dive. The Red Rock is clean. The bathrooms are not remotely terrifying. There are appetizing specials, but nothing so pretentious you'd have to ask what the heck it is. They don't cave in to food trends, and I love them for that. There are some options for vegetarians including eggplant grinders, grilled cheese, salads, and veggie grinders. There are eggplant fries. Curly fries. Plain old fries. Billiards and darts, large tv screens, live music, election night gatherings -- something for everyone who has grown out of beer pong.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,12/26/2012,18,78,2,2,2>Had a friend in town and I wanted to meet up with her for breakfast.  It has been a long time since I've been to Bella's Cafe and I am so happy that I recommended to go here today.  There wasn't a wait at 9AM on a Tuesday and there were barely any people in (people started coming in at 10ish and usually I see people waiting outside during the weekend which is why I don't go here).  I am not usually a "sweet" kind of person for breakfast, and I often get omelets etc but today I ordered the italian bread french toast (and my friend ordered the challah french toast)....this is what I have been missing.  I ordered the short stack which came with three pieces of french toast- more than enough for me with strawberries and bananas.  The plating is exceptional and the taste of the food is divine.  Also, the coffee was strong.  Holler!  My friend who came all the way from Boston was impressed with the food, service, and the ambiance.  I am going to try to come back again.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/25/2012,3,55,,1,1>My favorite burger place of all time.  Always good burgers and beers to be had here.  I think I've had almost all the burgers by now and they all have their own special qualities but bottom line - this place has simple and quality ingredients prepared fresh to make melt in your mouth tastey burger creations.  They really know how to combine all the right ingredients from smoked gouda and applewood bacon to roasted onions and cranberry mayo.  It's hard to choose but I'd have to say the Badland's Bison burger is my favorite.  I'll be honest in saying that I've never had bison elsewhere but I'll also follow up that statement by saying after having it at Prime 16 I don't have to...it's perfectly cooked and served with melted cheddar jack, black bean corn salsa, a delicious almost BBQ  ( deemed "badlands") sauce and tortilla strips.  Just thinking about it makes me want to get in the car to head up there.  The sweet potato fries are also some of the best I've ever had.  Slight crunch on the outside and soft wonderful sweet potato goodness on the inside.  If I'm not mistaken I think they use a cornstarch coating.  Either way - I'm sold!It can get very packed on certain nights especially with HH crews but it's still a nice environment.  The service is friendly and efficient.  Oh and for those who enjoy a good beer this bar is top notch.  Check out their daily list of draft/specials online.  They boast a selection of 20 premium drafts - many seasonal and local.  For me the food comes first to mind but I know many out appreciate the brew just as well.  Whichever strikes your fancy you should make your way over here for lunch or dinner sometime soon.  It's always worth the trip for me.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,12/24/2012,79,190,2,4,2>The only pho that I've had in the Hartford area that could maybe ease the pain of a broken heart. I love Pho Boston (Hartford) because it's classic, Pho Saigon (Hartford) because it's absurdly delicious, and Pho 88 (Hartford) for the same reason, but the broth and the meat and even the noodles at 501 are something out of pho mythology...they're absolutely fantastic. Plus, unlike many pho stops, they have a small size bowl for like 6$. Go here immediately if you want pho...I had the spring rolls once and they were meh. Love the steamed up windows and the local crowd. Yumz.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,12/23/2012,128,184,,2,2>Rounding up on this; I was VERY happy w/ the dimension and subtlety of flavor. Its been a long time since having I respect Sanh's reviews but have to side w/ Emily; yes, the prices are more, and eyebrows raised when receiving the check. Who wrote about this being the best-looking staff? I have to agree. But, also very courteous. Minus points for not being able to whip up something for my daughter. There were a couple places back in NYC who would sautee some veggies and put some chicken in it. This seemed to take too too much explanation for something which I believe is rather simple. My high marks are because of the flavor, ultimately. It was just really tasty. Again, tho, the pricing makes this not for the faint-of-heart.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,12/22/2012,19,119,,4,2>Myself, my fiance and our friend came here on the advice of said friend for a late lunch. I ordered my favorite Open Faced Turkey Sandwich. This came with choice of potato and a veggie. As it was on the special it also came with soup or salad and choice of coffee, tea or soda. It was $10.95 for all of that! It came out quickly and looked pretty much like a regular Open faced sandwich. It was really pretty darn good, I have to say. The gravy was nice, not too flour-y and the turkey was moist. Not sure if the potatoes were real or not but they tasted pretty darn good to me. After soup, coffee and 1/2 of my turkey and potato ( brought home the other half) I was so full! Overall, I would go again and try something else.  It's pretty typical diner food. Oh and the waitress was nice too. :)
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,12/21/2012,59,121,,7,4>Since I can't think of how to properly update my review, I am copying an email I sent to Brent Bushong II (the Maitre'd) after my experience August 29th. I have visited the Tavern 3 times since it opened and must suggest the Prime Beef burger, Short-Rib Mac n Cheese, and the Lamb Meatballs. Also, the Jericho Rolls are out of this world.  Those are my staple orders, along with a Tom Terrific, at the Tavern. This will be the first Michelin Star restaurant in CT, guaranteed. Anyway, here's the email I sent. Enjoy! First of all, I want to say that I have never written an email to a restaurant about their service unless it is sub-par, and usually only show my gratitude for great service by bringing more guests, talking about the restaurant and writing reviews (all of which I do for Millwrights as well).  But, this is different.  While some restaurants will do their best to make a customer feel "special," Wednesday night my date and I felt like royalty.  Now, this isn't that royalty that one feels when they only have a spectacular meal and service; no.  This is royalty like we were the absolute most important people in the restaurant.  You have absolutely earned my continuous service at Millwrights for as long as I can eat and/or drink.The staff was incredible: from the hostesses to the servers; we felt comfortable and relaxed.  You, specifically, shined.  We had no problem whatsoever with the original seat we were given, but you had promised that we would get a window seat and were not satisfied seeing us sitting against the wall.  The fact that you came over and made sure that we got the window table and brought us champagne glasses to sip while we waited was above and beyond what we expected.  The entire time we were on bridge watching the waterfall and talking, as well as the time we spent sitting at the table, we kept talking about how we felt like there was absolutely nobody else in the restaurant.  The view was spectacular and we could not have asked for anything better.  Jeffery, our server, was an absolute delight the entire evening.  He showcased his knowledge of multiple languages and I got to chat with him a bit about his past in the U.K. and working on cruise ships and in foreign countries.  He was never intrusive, kept our wine glasses full, and always had something fun to say during that time.  He was very courteous and made our dinner time extremely comfortable and enjoyable.  Even when we were the only ones left in the restaurant, we were never rushed. Jeff even brought us each a little dessert before we left; of which we could not possibly eat as we were absolutely stuffed!  The service was incredible, the wine spectacular, the dinner amazing and the desserts savory.I really felt this email was necessary because even now we can't get over how perfect an evening Wednesday was.  I have never, ever been treated or seen someone treated with such respect and kindness at a business as we experienced.  I would expect this treatment for perhaps a celebrity or some famous politician or delegate; not for a normal everyday person.  This is how you treated us and made us feel: like we were celebrities.  Even when we were leaving and talking about the Tavern opening and as we walked out...absolutely exemplary.  You in particular, and Jeff and the rest of your staff, made Wednesday night absolutely perfect.  I can't express my/our gratitude for your stellar service and dedication to excellence.  I wish there were some way to repay the favor!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,12/20/2012,5,165,2,2,2>How do I love this place? Let me count the ways. Now while I do not eat most meats, this place has seafood, chicken and pasta options that will blow your socks right off your feet. Not to mention the amount of food they give you at a fixed price. On top of that huge beers, cool decor, great waitress's and waiters that dress up and a guy in tights that plays the accordion. Beer garden on second floor, almost frozen jeager, live music some nights, fabulous homemade pies, they sing in your grill when you order a big beer: ticky tocky oy oy oy!! And then talk smack in the form of  a song when you order a small beer. Try the corn fritters as an appetizer. You will not be able to handle it. This place rules so much I cannot say enough.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2012,12/19/2012,173,343,2,4,4>This past October marked the 3rd ING Hartford Half Marathon I have participated in.  It is my Fall "A" race.    I love this race, not only because it is so close by but it is one of the most well run races I have had the pleasure of participating in.  I have never run the full marathon course so my review is for the half marathon.  Here are my thoughts on the race:*Expo - I had no problem picking up my number.  I always go and pick up my number during my lunch break and have never had to wait that long.  It's very organized.  Volunteers check you in, you pick up your number and then head over to grab your shirt.  I love the fact that you get a long sleeve tech shirt ( I am a sucker for those) and because they were not busy I was able to try it on to make sure I got the right size.  There are a good quantity of vendors but you are not going to see (at least yet) any of the big running companies.  However, there was definitely a good mix of vendors for me to geek out to.*The Start - No problem finding that - the race for both the full and the half start at the same time in front of the state capitol.  This race does not have a wave start - once the "gun" goes off it's every man and woman for themselves.  I hope that as the race continues to grow that they implement this system.  Makes it for a less congested start and would help runners get into their "groove" easier.   *Course - The half and the full separate less then a mile from the start.   Signage and the well placed volunteers make it very difficult to "accidentally" run the wrong race.  The half marathon makes its way through the Park section of Hartford up through and around West Hartford near St. Joseph's college before bringing the runners back down Farmington Avenue to finish under the arch at Bushnell Park.  This is not a flat course by any stretch of the imagination - it's relatively hilly with the last "gentle rise" coming as you run down Farmington Avenue thinking to your self - "Self - why isn't the arch getting any closer are you sure we are running toward it."  OK maybe you don't but I have said that to myself each of the three times I have run this race.Another thing I love about this race is the fans on the course - which runs through several residential areas - because it is their cheers and noise which at times has kept moving me forward when my legs did not want to go as fast.*Fuel - *Hydration  (water and Gatorade)  stations were well stocked and there were plenty of them throughout the entire courseAlthough I carried my own fuel - it was good to see that they have one fuel station along the course with volunteers passing out GU.*Finish Line-  Heat blankets are given to runners as soon as they cross the finish and they have sure come in handy.  In an effort to be more "green" the organizers have implemented water fountains for the finishers to drink from AND THEN after you are handed your medal - you are presented with a full and reusable water bottle.  Great idea and a great way to eliminate waste.  I also loved the fact that this year, in addition to the water bottle, each runner was handed a reusable bag with several snacks in it. I cannot tell you how many races I have had many things to juggle (water, i pod, medal, heat sheet) and I don't have any room to carry the food. *This is a great and very well run event.  I look forward to it every fall and am glad that more and more runners are discovering this great fall race
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,12/18/2012,140,96,4,6,2>I love this place. Sure their service isn't A+ and yeah the building isn't high class. but damn the food makes me so happy I could burst into tears at the table. The inerja (kinda like if bread and swiss cheese had a baby - an amazing baby) is tremendous and really fills you up. - you may think you can consume everything on the plate but you can be wrong. (quick tip - you use small bits of bread to scoop or grab food with your fingers and then eat the bread and the food together like a sandwich).I always get the veg platter (i'm vegan so either get the platter or a larger serving of just one veg item) the salad and the sambusas are really good and my boyfriend liked the meatball app. one of our friends had a rice dish that she said was tasty - variety! They deliver in west hartford and hartford.YUM!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2012,12/17/2012,12,98,2,3,3>This was our first time at L&E and we ate in the more formal upstairs (separate menus upstairs and downstairs). We started with a drink at the downstairs bar and the bartender was extremely gracious and I loved the cozy atmosphere. The upstairs was charming but not quite as cozy and the seats were fairly uncomfortable (at least mine was). The menu upstairs is limited with four choices for appetizers and four choices for entrees. I had the Salad (not really a salad, so not sure why they call it that?) of Roast Breast of Magret Duck with toasted almonds, wild rice, spiced pumpkin purée and a cider glaze. The duck was cooked perfectly and the glaze was delicious, but I did not love the rice. The pumpkin puree really did not taste of pumpkin; it tasted fine but nothing fabulous. I then had the amazing Pan Perdue with a spiced pumpkin ice cream and a dark rum caramel sauce which I unfortunately shared with my husband. It was gone in seconds. The service was very good and I am eager to go back and try the downstairs menu. Our friends have eaten downstairs several times and have loved it.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,12/16/2012,30,93,3,3,2>I was so happy that I finally took advantage of restaurant week to visit Ibiza this year.  I have heard many great things about the restaurant and everytime I walk by dog past the beautiful, large windows I sigh and wish I had gone in.  Well, no more sighing for me.  Two things to point out: 1) this place is expensive but basically the same price points as any other downtown New Haven restaurant (so don't be surprised!) and 2) make reservations.Service:  Great, timely, and friendly.  All of the staff whether it be the hostess, waiters or floor managers were very nice and offered any info as it was my first visit.  I had reservations so sitting wasn't a problem (unfortunately for the couple who walked in before me...it was. No reservation on a friday night at 6:30=sad face and no food.  The specials looked great and the restaurant week menu was very diverse, not to mention, all the other patrons looked very happy and satisfied at the surrounding tables.Food: very nice presentation, pretty good portions, and the flavors were pleasing to the palate.  I generally will try anything once, so I went for a bean stew app, oyster risotto entree, and chocolate torte. My husband had the salad, hanger steak and anis infused cheesecake.  Everything at our table was superb, with the right amount of savory and sweet or the respective dishes.I'd definitely recommend Ibiza for a special occasion (i.e. visiting family, anniversary, etc...) because it's a very nice place, so you'll need to dress up a bit.  Save up some dough for the meal because you can easily spend $100+ for a 3-course meal and drinks for 2 ppl. However, if you are a lover of food like me....you don't mind spending the $$$ to please your stomach!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,12/15/2012,60,72,3,4,4>We've been here a few times and have always had a good time. The food is southern style home cooking. We've had a catfish po-boy, Lox omlet, leg of chicken and garlic mashed, BBQ nachos, broiled catfish with collard greens, pumpkin brulee and carrot cake. We've enjoyed every single dish here. The owners are down to earth and welcoming. Its byob so we've brought some homebrew with us and they offered us tall glasses to use with no problem. Get here for some authentic southern food, make sure to try a dessert. The desserts are a bit pricy and can easily be shared.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,12/14/2012,88,253,,5,4>This is a great place for a toddler. My son had a great time here. Everything is at eye level and easily accessible. All of the activities are straightforward and simple but exciting nonetheless. The one downside is that the place is a bit of a maze. The activities are spread out over 3 floors. There is not much signage so you're not really sure where everything is. That aside we will return again and again. I'm not sure how much an older child would enjoy it but this is the perfect activity for a toddler. They get to explore without being overstimulated.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,12/13/2012,39,148,,2,2>We've gone here so much in the past 4 years, my husband told me we had to take a break and eat at new places. I think we've had everything on the menu and I haven't found something I don't like. The vegetarian options are always really good and they will make a dish vegetarian if they can and you ask.The brunch and lunch are super cheap for the great quality. There are so many good options, I don't know which to name. I always love the Nachos in the Park (they are huge) and, Indian Rice, Vegetarian Burrito, and  tempeh wrap for lunch.For brunch (my favorite at the Pond House), I love the Roman Omelette, Pond House Scramble, and Eggs Rancheros. My favorite part of their breakfast is the plates that come with their cornbread. I'm from South Carolina and the Pond House is the only place around this area that knows how to make authentic corn bread. It is amazing because it isn't the sugary sweet crap from a box mix you get most places (even many in the south.)Sometimes we come here just for dessert because theirs is always excellent. I also like to buy Pond House Cash when they offer it because there will be months that you can use it for double the value on certain days of the week.If you haven't been to the Pond House, stop reading this and make a reservation (you may need them on a weekend for brunch).
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,12/12/2012,151,129,,5,6>I said "YES, to the dress" today thanks to the amazing customer service and attention to detail I received at Mariella's. Dora was my consultant and she was beyond phenomenal! She listened to what I was looking for, but she also showed me many different styles. The dress I ended up choosing was not what I had initially envisioned but it took my breath away. She was honest and incredibly knowledgeable. Mariella's is an absolutely gorgeous bridal salon and the service is top notch. I would recommend Mariella's to anyone looking for a wedding dress, bridesmaids dress or formalwear.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,12/11/2012,35,59,2,3,2>So I've been here about three times, twice on my lunch break at work and once for dinner.  For my lunch break, first time, I had the chop salad with dill ranch and hanger steak with a glass of the pinot.....divine!  Second time I had the "prime" burger with cheddar, no bun and mixed greens....also amazing!  Dinner I splurged and did the "Taste of Hartford"...Corn hushpuppies for an app.....SO DELICIOUS.  I had the Cod for dinner, it was very, very good.  And the deconstructed chocolate cream pie for dessert.  Amazing.  I will be going back again and again!  Also, the bartenders and waitstaff are amazing!
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2012,12/10/2012,33,132,2,4,3>Only been a few times, but certainly a fan and wanted to give them props.First, if you haven't guessed yet, the place is a hot dog place...They do one thing really and they do it well.  You want other kinds of lunch?  You should probably head elsewhere.My hands down, goto dog is one topped with meat (only) chili, cheese, and raw onions.  You do that well and you got me as a repeat customer.  Capitol Lunch delivers for the most part...Don't think they do the raw onion thing (maybe if I asked?), but the chili, the cheese, and the dog itself are top notch.  Look through the pics posted by others to get the idea.  I can easily knock back 3 and would go for more if you let me and be in a food coma for the rest of the day.It doesn't bother me, but be forewarned that the location is not exactly customer friendly.  Street parking mainly and you can also park in the Ocean State Job Lot parking lot across the street (recommend).  Never feel that I am in danger or anything, but if you're not familiar with the area...understand that the restaurant is not in a high rent district.Oh...and for those looking to go old school on the drink, it's nice to see a place serving milk to go along with your dog...very nice!Definitely a recommend.  Keep it up guys!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,12/9/2012,69,97,,4,2>In life, it's nice when things work out in an expected way.  When it comes to food, it's even better: I hate visiting a much-hyped restaurant and finding out that it is subpar.  Luckily, there were no such concerns with Republic.The setting is trendy, and the inside is bigger than you would expect from the outside.  There is seating on the upper and lower levels, and while the tables are close you don't feel like you are on top of the party next to you.The food is the star of the place.  The burgers are not quite Plan B or Burger Baby quality, but they're very good.  The au poivre burger with the cognac cream sauce is a must-get if only for the sauce itself.  I ordered the Peruvian chicken on another trip; while I generally don't like to get chicken when I eat out, the tender meat and rich flavor made this a winner.  The hummus appetizer was straight-forward but delicious.For dessert, I've only tried the cheesecake lollipops with a raspberry puree.  I was nervous that the dessert would be overly-sweet, but that was not the case.The service has been solid on both of my trips.  Republic has a great beer selection, which is a bonus for a beer-snob like myself.Bloomfield is a "sneaky good" food town, with places like Sake Cafe, Pasticceria and Thai Palace.  Republic continues that trend of good food, and I hope the place stays successful.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,12/8/2012,116,265,3,6,4>The Shish Kebab House of Afghanistan is a great place to have dinner! I had an opportunity to dine here with the International Supper Club and boy was it a treat! Several of us tried the Afghan House Dinner Treat which is basically a feast prepared and served as if you were invited to an Afghan house. It was truly delicious and I found all of the food to be quite delicious and flavorful. Other than all of the delicious meat, I really liked the pumpkin puree and the eggplant dishes.The ambiance is very nice, there are some great tables where you can sit around them on the floor and eat (although for this occasion, we were seated at a more typical table and chairs arrangement).A huge bonus is that they have a hookah lounge! I'm not a smoker but I do enjoy a cigar every couple of months and this was a great experience for a first time hookah smoker. A friend and I had the pomegranate/mint flavored tobacco and it was quite good. The atmosphere of the lounge area is very laid back. It's a nice place to hang out a bit and enjoy the surrounding city views.I will be back to experience the flavorful deliciousness that is the Shish Kebab House of Afghanistan!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,12/7/2012,80,717,4,6,5>Yes! Finally, this place is gaining some traction...We just came home from a late meal and a few drinks at Tools, and the place was happenin' - A solid 30-40 customers, a FANTASTIC jazz band (the best we'd seen in our 4-5 visits), and a good time had by all.I had a very good burger, cooked medium as requested. And the girl ordered the Fried Oyster Po' Boy, which she said she really liked. All burgers and sandwiches are served with these positively AWESOME homemade chips on the side - a little burnt, a little salty, all delicious. They're a decent deal too - the Po' Boy was $9, the burger was $8.50.The owner came over to say hi, and he was great. He took my suggestions to heart, namely, having a specialty drink menu with various martinis, mixed drinks, sugary nonsense beverages, etc. Upon making said suggestion, he gave my girl a drink on the house, a "preview of things to come," so to speak.They've been open four months, and they get better every time, I mean it.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,12/6/2012,138,275,7,4,7>I'm so glad this place opened again!With the samplings of all the vinegars and oils you want, it's a great way to have a free lunch in WHC...jk!Seriously, if you are OBSESSED with truffle oil like I am, stop here ASAP!  Not only there is truffle oil, but you could choose between black or white truffle.  I prefer the black truffle.Truffle oil is very expensive at $30 a bottle, but they offer smaller bottles at $9.95 per bottle, which is something I can manage.Now I have to think what to cook with the truffle oil.  Pumpkin Pasta?  Truffle Burger?
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,12/5/2012,9,27,4,8,4>We love Harry's in West Hartford so we were more than excited to see it opening in Glastonbury. We've gone twice now for dinner - once on the first Saturday night it was open last weekend and again the following Sunday night. Both were great. On the first occasion, we ordered the house salad - good (i.e., not iceberg lettuce!). My husband ordered the white clam pizza and loved it. I ordered a pizza with ricotta, broccoli & spinach, and it was delicious. I was tempted to eat the entire small because it felt so light (not greasy or soggy)...thankfully, I didn't and we had tasty leftovers the next day. The decor is bright & casual. My only complaint is that the tables are narrow while the booths are wide so I feel like I need to lean way over to reach the table. I suppose it accommodates people of all sizes, which is nice, but I would prefer a wider table myself. The service was good. It was really busy since it was a Saturday night, but fortunately we arrived at a good time and only had one couple in front of us so the wait was 10-15 minutes.  Not bad with a toddler.  I also love that they give you a complimentary taste of lemon Italian ice at the end of the meal.  Just a nice refresher before you head out.The second visit was just as good. (I waited to write my review noting the other reviewer's vastly different opinion because I wanted to make sure I still felt the same second time around.) It wasn't as busy, but it was pretty steady. They had real menus this time rather than just the paper ones. We did the broccoli, spinach and ricotta again along with the Harry's Special and a pepperoni (more people in our party this time) as well as House and Mediterranean salads, and it was all excellent. I would imagine that they are having some growing pains as the other reviewer mentioned. As it is, it may only be a soft opening since there was no Grand Opening signage, but either way, we really enjoyed both of our visits. I'll have to go back to one of the West Hartford locations to compare. Perhaps takeout is a different story, but again we did have leftovers that were very good.  I'm hopeful that we'll finally have a reliable pizza place in town now that they've moved in!! (For a comparison, our favorite pizza is Pepe's in New Haven, and the one time we ordered Gino's a few years back when we moved in, we threw the pizza out after a few bites. It was thick and soggy with more cheese than ever necessary.  Harry's is more similar to Pepe's or perhaps Luna.)
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2012,12/4/2012,5,71,2,15,3>Hands down the best thing to come to Enfield in a long time! In an area full of chain restaurants and overly processed foods, this little store is a breath of fresh sea air.  The owners get their fish fresh from Boston and you can really taste the difference between what they are selling and what you might find at the local grocery store.  I have been here several times and have always picked up something unexpected.  They make excellent crab chowder and shrimp salad.  The last time I was there I tried the swordfish skewers which were amazing.  Their prices are reasonable and definitely worth the product.  The owners are so nice and love to talk about the food and give advice on preparation.  This is a great place that I'll be visiting on a weekly basis.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2012,12/3/2012,119,143,6,9,6>Here's the deal.  This place is pretty cool and fun.  I went there with about 20 friends to celebrate a double birthday on a Saturday night.  I honestly can't remember the last time I paid a cover to get into a bar when there wasn't a live band playing....but since it's been so long, I didn't mind ponying up the $5.  Also, I was drinking some light domestic beers and they were pretty cheap ($3.50).  I do prefer better, tastier beers when I'm out for a shorter, tamer evening and this place did have some decent stuff on tap in addition to a HUGE domestic selection.The staff was welcoming and very nice and the bartenders were attentive.   A nice bonus for one of the birthday girls was getting an extra shot out of a bunch that one of the b'tenders was making for us.As a boyish looking lesbian I was a little fearful that I'd get the usual funny looks in the bar and especially the ladies room but there was none of that.  I felt completely comfortable there and that was huge to me.  If you decide to go here are my top Do's:Do shut up if you hear the National Anthem playing.  I think they play it every night at a certain time.  I wasn't paying attention and was waving my money at the bar only to be reminded by a fellow patron that I must wait until the song is over.  I felt like a total tool too.Do ride the mechanical bull or encourage your friends to do it.  I passed on the ride but enjoyed watching my friends flail about greatly.Do try to get there by 8pm and take one of their free line dance lessons.  We missed most of this but those who got there early seemed to be having much fun.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,12/2/2012,21,208,2,4,3>I love this place. I stop here for a cup of coffee, enjoy a treat the orange cranberry scones are a favorite. That said, I will enjoy a brioche with a little jam for breakfast sometimes!I am always treated very nice by the staff and had a wonderful conversation with the barista when he made me a over-pour.I have tried the breads and other bakery treats and have never been disappointed. I am thrilled they have Agave syrup out for my coffee too.I bring friends when I can to have them meet HBC - its in a strange little strip mall but worth the drive.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,12/1/2012,95,659,2,5,3>This is the 3rd year in a row we've gone to Belltown for our fall harvest stock up!  3 pumpkins and about 30 lbs of apples later we rolled out with enough stock to bake pies & fry fritters for weeks!  I'm writing this review after making both the pies & fritters and for the price we paid for the apples, it was well worth it!  The cider they sell is not made from apples on site -1 star.  Make sure you pick up your "bucket of blacks" on the way out....The kids enjoy taking the trailer ride into the fields as well.. all around fun family place!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,11/30/2012,23,731,16,7,6>Nora, Nora, how much I Adora! Your cupcakes remind me of a girl named Laura. Cup cake, ever since I laid eyes on you, I could never ignore ya. For "A" (the "a" is pronounced like "uh" for this review) nice good price, I would never think twice, what suffices are your quality and aura. ;)How do I describe one of the cupcakes I had? Well, like another type of woman I'm attracted to, she's sweet, rich, dressed well, dark, tall and pleasing to the eyes. I was kind of surprised when she said she was Irish.Yes, the Irish Car Bomb. A chocolate sponge cake, with rich, creamy, vanilla frosting topped with a chocolate candied Malt Ball. When you bite into her, she, Miss Car Bomb, leaves you with a mini fudge/cheese cake filling. I was very impressed by her.I also must say, Miss Car Bomb, that your staff, as well as the owner (your mother), were so nice to me. Very sweet and awesome people who seem to care about their young (the cupcakes). I guess when it comes to liking something as sweet as you, it's hard not dropping any money. So it took me some dough (no pun intended) to take you out of the house (the NoRa cupcake company store). All in all, I get to brag to the boys about how beautiful and awesome you are, my lovely dark Lady!Would she be considered in a sense Black Irish?Sincerely, your sweet, charming and loveable man.....Anthony "Chocolate Bear" P.;)
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,11/29/2012,47,138,2,2,4>The Spicy Green Bean is one of the top food stops in Glastonbury, a town known for a wide array of superb dining options.  I have been here twice- once for lunch and once for breakfast. Both trips were excellent.The menu is small but very diverse.  They will pretty much make anything you want as long as they have it available in the kitchen and even state this on the menu.It is mostly sandwich-like fare for lunch but the Saturday I was there (my first trip) they had some great specials (as is their custom) including the item I ordered- the Banh Mi Burger.This burger consisted of a thick ground pork patty with a tangy, vinegar based coleslaw and sriacha sauce.  If Thai/Vietnamese is your taste you will love this burger.  It is one of the most creative and flavorful gourmet burgers I have ever had.  And I am a hard grader when it comes to burgers.  I highly recommend this as a special or a request if they have the available ingredients.The second trip was for Sunday breakfast.  I am not a breakfast fan in general but occasionally I'll be in the mood for a hearty mid-morning meal. You can't go wrong at The Bean.I had a three egg omelet with chorizo sausage, cheddar and tomato.  It was light and fluffy and served with the Bean's famous tri-colored potatoes and my special request of their cheddar biscuit.  This was an excellent power breakfast with a huge portion and a ton of flavor.  The biscuit was especially light and flavorful.My wife ordered the Kentucky Bene, which was a well crafted dish.  It starts with the cheddar biscuits on the bottom and it is then layered with a thin fried chicken breast fillet, two poached eggs, hollandaise sauce and country sausage gravy.  Kind of a cross between Eggs Benedict and country fried chicken.  Not exactly my thing, but my wife loved it.  I tried it and it was actually quite good. The Bean gets busy on weekends and during lunch time because word spreads fast about this place and they are so accommodating, but the wait is worth it.Plus, on the way out on my second visit we talked to one of the waitresses about how great things were and she was really forthcoming in discussing the menu and she suggested we come back for the BYOB dinners they hold on weekends. It's an offer I can't possibly refuse.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,11/28/2012,5,10,2,3,2>Bolo had been on my radar for far too long, eventually the universe aligned and I was finally able to stop in for breakfast.  Bolo is located relatively downtown, so parking is sparse.  The breakfast menu has some great options; I decided to go with a frittata with veggies and chorizo, and a fruit cup side.  Service was friendly without being overbearing, my coffee was consistently topped off, and breakfast was served quickly.  The frittata hit the spot- a perfect ratio of eggs to ingredients without being runny or overcooked.  On my way out the door I glanced over some of the great looking pastries/treats on display, and decided to pick up a few slices of pie for later.  I will definitely be back to try some of their other options off the menu (I've got my eyes on you, corned beef hash).  If you are looking for a treat in Plainville, definitely set some time aside to check Bolo out!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,11/27/2012,9,21,2,6,3>Wow! I've been blown away and totally surprized by this little eatery. I had the jalapeño popper grilled cheese, which had the unlikely pairing of bacon, apple jam and jalapeño added to the traditional grilled goodness we all know and love. It was amazing. Their were no seeds so the entire sandwich had the right amount of heat. I finished with the bananas foster crepe. Out of this world. The staff were helpful, efficient and didn't rush us out the door (we were the last customers). There were comfy seating areas that would be great for just hanging with friends over coffee or a book club meeting. I can't wait to visit again.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,11/26/2012,31,250,5,7,7>Alrighty Yelpers, this place is officially the shit.I still have not come here for anything but take out but I usually sit at the counter and have a soda if I did not call in my food. I love the guy who works there, he is super friendly. Last time he gave me some chips and salsa while I waited, and I demolished it with their amazing creamy guacamole sauce. I've never had sauce like that anywhere and I'm usually not a big fan of guacamole but I love it.Tacos mi Nacho now deserves 5 stars because of its shredded pork. I got a shredded pork taco my last visit and IT WAS THE BEST TACO EVER. Seriously, I almost died. I couldn't believe I didn't have the shredded pork before. And the prices? Great for my budget that is basically non-existant. PS the tacos are small, you generally need about three for a full meal. Its going to be hard passing by this place on my way home and work and NOT getting at least one taco now...
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2012,11/25/2012,14,84,2,6,3>Fresh, delicious Thai and Laotion food in a funky atmosphereIf you're an uptight, old bag from Simsbury, you might find this place too much of a dive.  It's in an old diner, but has a really funky, clean look.  The food is incredibly fresh.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I don't eat much meat out and that can be annoying at Asian food places.  Sometimes they have really disgusting gelatinous tofu.  East West Grille has a combination of three kinds of tofu that are all delicious.  I love the Tom Yum Soup.  I ask for extra spicy.  The drunken noodles are really good, really any of the noodles are good except I'm not a fan of the pad thai.  I generally judge a thai place by the pad thai and was disappointed until i tried everything else on the menu.  All of the curries are phenomenal too.My favorite thing about East West Grille are the lunch specials.  You can basically order pretty much anything on the menu, just a smaller size and you get a salad and soup with it.  The soup is a clear noodle soup and you can get it with or without chicken.  The salad is phenomenal.  It has purple cabbage, carrots, tomato, and often unusual seasonal extras like fired lotus root or pomegranate seeds.... amazing right?  If you get a meal that comes with rice, do yourself a favor and ask for the purple sticky rice.  It's so great and less adventurous people probably miss out and just get plain rice.  It can get busy on weekend nights, but not nearly as busy as some of the lamer west hartford center places.  They also have a nice patio when the weather is good.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,11/24/2012,38,130,2,4,2>Great thai food, ambience and service!BYOB, which is great, and NO corkage fee, which is greater!The food was amazing!  I had drunken noodles with veggies & tofu.  If you like HOT, get it a level of 5...I read some reviews before I went and they said to order conservatively....I say 5!! I did a 3, and it was barely spicy..but still delicious.We tried to order mango & sticky rice, but they were out of mango, so they did banana, sticky rice and an amazing sauce over it....they said they might add it to the menu...AMAZEBALLS!This place is very little. the table next to ours was maybe 3 inches away..which lead to some amazing conversation overlaps :)I recommend reservations.  We went for 7pm on Friday and there was a 1 hour wait..so we went to El sombrero a few miles up Queen street for a quick round of drinksAnd last but now least, we stayed well after closing time..talking and sobering up a bit.  We asked if they wanted to murder us, and they laughed, and said no problem, stay as long as we want.Love this place!  can't wait to go back :)1 entree, 2 appetizers = $31.70
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,11/23/2012,80,144,,4,4>A big cheers to all the yelpers who wrote reviews for this place. After seeing the constant number of 4 stars n 5 stars I started craving to go to this place. Finally dropped in for lunch this past weekend n loved every bit of it :)The restaurant is cozy yet clean n is located in a small busy plaza. The staff is so very warm n welcoming. One among the staff was the owner of the place. At no other restaurants I had ever received this kind of warmness. The menu is not really huge however it is vegetarian n Vegan friendly. I ordered a veggie Bowl with rice n tofu. They have a special clay bowl, which is heated and then served. I loved this bowl coz the food remains hot till your last bite. The rice was cooked perfectly n so as the veggies too. You get to select your sauce just to season the veggies a bit. I seasoned my with only salt n pepper. The lunch special also includes a small portion of Soup n a beverage. One lunch special portion can be easily spilt by two, the portions are generous. The interiors are decent with only couple of chairs n tables. There's a small stretch of painting on one of the walls which attracted me somehow, that was a cute one.This was my first visit n will go back again loved it :)
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,11/22/2012,51,26,3,4,5>I don't like to workout, its sweaty, sticky in an air-condination room surrounded by mechanical noises. I like competitive sports when I was younger, but never did I enjoy my own sweat or somebody else's. Swimming is an exercises of it's own class. So when I looked for a "gym", I chose one that has it's main feature being a mass body of water. Good thing about swimming is that its never as busy as the gym. Water creatures tend to be loners as well. Swimming is a solitary exercise, you focus on your strokes, enjoy the under water silence, meditate while you burn off fat. For that reason, on the weekdays, this establishment does not have a lot of traffic. Always has lanes open, even after 5pm. I have only been to the lap pool, which has about 12 lanes. There are  three more pools, one for kids, one is like a sauna and one smaller for people who wants to swim and hang out. There is a small gym with cardio and weight machines, scheduled swimming classes (not included in membership) including diving lessons (the lap pool is up to 13 ft). The services are minimum, locker, good-sized shower with shampoo/body wash in one, bring your own towels and dryer. The facility is cleanish, it gets dirtier as the week goes on, I don't even want to be there on Sundays. If you also like tanning, having membership here gives you access to numerous outdoor pools in the West Hartford area, that is a big plus. The price is not cheap, a year membership is close to $500 to just swim (higher for non-WH residents) but pool maintenance is not cheap. To justify my annual spending of $500 on water, I come here a lot.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/21/2012,6,208,3,5,3>Wow! After reading all of the reviews about this place I am wondering if I am now one of the 1% (LOL). Quotes like: It's only for wealthy patrons, etc., boggle my mind. I didn't think that the prices were that bad at all. I found that it had a lot of good items, the store is attractive and I didn't have any issues with parking: a lot of whining on this site. I was able to find what I wanted, and I noticed a great selection of beers from throughout the world and the US. Too bad they get hurt by Connecticut's archaic liquor laws; it would be nice to look through a good selection of wines also. My preference. God, I miss California. I picked up a pork tenderloin for a holiday dinner; it was reasonable and absolutely delicious. Everyone loved it. I was talking with a butcher there and I found him to be very knowledgeable. They have a good selection of prepared foods; however, I would never buy sushi at any store, even Trader Joe's.  If you have young children I would agree that they have far too many goodies for the kiddies. I guess that would be an issue when you go by all of that sugar with the youngsters tugging at you. The produce is excellent; they have a little of everything and it is plentiful. I imagine that it will only get better when the locally produced produce is available. I like a lot about this store, and it is good reason not to drive over Avon Mountain to get to a Whole Foods. I was wavering between 3 stars and 4 stars in my review. I was leaning toward 3 stars, but I felt that I had to counter some of the negative reviewers who don't really understand what this store is all about. So I just changed it to 4 stars.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,11/20/2012,92,73,,5,3>Clean. Tasty. Affordable. Breakfast all day, a unique offering in Hartford county. Fantastic experience with the pancakes and sausage combo. Friends' chicken parm sandwich and eggs looked just as good. Rare gem in an area you would not expect. Like the mutant werewolf-vampire dude from Underworld - half diner, half IHOP, best of both! Give these guys a look. As others Yelpers have said, they will not disappoint.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,11/19/2012,402,2019,2,3,2>i finally made it to La Paloma Sabanera. This is one of those coffee shops on my to-do list, and now I can check it off. The place is very cool and has a real neighborhood friendly vibe. the coffee was very good, iced coffee on a hot day was refreshing. Parking - i am not sure if i was allowed to park in the lot behind the building so i parked on the street and it seemed a bit dodgy but not too bad. A few one way streets around here make it hard to get around if you miss your turn looking for a spot to park in.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,11/18/2012,108,203,2,4,3>Growing up in this neck of the woods, I sometimes feel like I've eaten at every place in town. Maybe, maybe not, but I sometimes get the sense that my options are limited and my family and friends choose to eat at the same joints over and over. Consistency is comfortable but I am always on the hunt for something new. We've been meaning to get to this place sooner, so when plans deemed that Tom and I would both be in Southington for dinner, there was no better time to give this place a shot. We went to dinner around 530pm and there was only one other table filled in the restaurant. The restaurant was tastefully adorned with culturally appropriate decorations and was a comfortable atmosphere. We were quickly seated, glasses filled and papadum and its accompaniments were brought over. For appetizer we tried the Jhinga Manchurian--crispy shrimp in hot cilantro garlic sauce. I can't say that I got the cilantro flavor--the sauce was more reminiscent of a bbq type sauce and although it was mild to our tastebuds, it was still very good. For dinners, I went with Chicken Curry and Tom had the Lamb Saag. My curry was very good, nice and flavorful--next time, I will definitely kick the heat up from mild. The chicken was nicely cooked and the portion size was great, leaving me with leftovers. The lamb saag was not exactly as we might have pictured it--the spinach was pureed and coated the lamb chunks. The flavor was surprisingly good and the lamb was a good match, with the Indian spice blend shining though. A large bowl of Basmati rice was also placed on the table for us to share and we also got a side of garlic naan, which of course, was excellent. Overall, we had a very nice dinner. It is nice to finally see an Indian restaurant in town and it seemed that the citizens of Southington appreciate it too from the steady stream of phone calls and takeout orders during our dinner. We would definitely visit again!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,11/17/2012,258,368,,6,3>We had a reservation for 2 at 6:30 tonight.  Great place!  I had the Berkshire pork chop with sauteed spinach and lobster mac & cheese.  Let me tell you the food was perfection.  That pork chop was juicy and spinach was sweet.  Now, I saved that mac & cheese for last....let me just say it was just the right amount.  It was creamy and flavorful.  I was happy to save the best for last. Curt had the oven roasted salmon fillet with the side of green beans and mash potatoes.  I tried a little here and there.  That salmon was well season and cooked correctly.  The potatoes were creamy.  I thought Julia Childs passed away?We ended the J. Gilbert experience with a French classic.  The creme brulee....it was delightful.  The beautifully warm cream under a delectable caramel shell.  Yummy in my tummy! The service was on point.  The dishes came out promptly.  My water glass was filled constantly. The establishment was clean and the staff was pleasant. I'm going back.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2012,11/16/2012,86,169,2,4,3>Ken's is quirky. It makes no effort to look upscale - or even very consistent - in its decor, and the menu is pretty straightforward breakfast and lunch classics. But if you cast your eye over the specials board over the register, you realize that there's some creative thinking going on in that tiny kitchen, and it gets executed very well indeed. Tucked into the back of one of Glastonbury's small plazas, it was literally years before a friend told me Ken's was there. The crowds pretty much determine whether you'll find a seat quickly; Saturday and Sunday mornings have lines out the door. The front room features tables and chairs, and the back room booths: it's a little quieter because the kitchen and cash register aren't there. Service in both places is friendly and attentive. The home fried potatoes are great, with plenty of flavor. Today I tried the biscuit and sausage gravy, and they captured that nearly forgotten classic perfectly. I've also enjoyed their omelettes and particularly the pumpkin or coconut French toast - on one memorable morning the waitress and I conspired to have pumpkin *and* coconut French toast. Boy, was that good. I have to love a place that isn't content with doing good food well, but takes another step beyond.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,11/15/2012,2,27,5,8,7>I really hate shopping. But after a few visits to Fashionista, I can see how that could change.I first stopped here on the off-off chance they might have an accessory or two for my pirate cruise birthday party (the Schooner is dope by the way!). One of the proprietors brought me to their secret hideaway costume room, where she pulled together a Helena Bonham Carter-esque gothic pirate outfit for me, complete with tricorn hat, black corset, and skull and crossbones purse, as well as a Keith Richards-style pirate outfit for my husband, including a black wig to which she tied bits of yarn and shells and shiny things, transforming it from scary-thing-from-the-attic to way cool. I'm not a skilled shopper, and never would have picked these things out myself, but the outfits were perfect. And they let me rent almost all of it, so I could go all out. I love how rather than giving you a shopping bag, they box your jewelry in a plastic Easter egg and tie your purchases up in a cloth bundle with a a bamboo stick to carry it--you feel like Huck Finn. (And to top off my grand pirate experience, my purchase was rung up by someone with a rubber prosthetic arm.)  On subsequent trips, they have 1) spontaneously cast my beautiful young friend Isabel to star in a promotional video for the book inspired by the store (weedliterary.com/the-tim )--the existence of the book is a better recommendation than any review I could write, 2) loaned me an umbrella when it was pouring rain, and 3) opened the store on a Monday just so my sister could take pictures there. (She lives in Boston and has very suddenly decided living in New Haven really wouldn't be that bad :-) Thanks, Fashionistas. I wish all retailers would visit you to see how business should be done. I hope that for a future birthday party, I can rent your store for costume charades. I aspire to someday be as cool as you are. And Yelpers, if you buy that amazing floor-length black velvet coat before I do...may ye walk the plank for it.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/14/2012,1182,148,,6,3>Friendly service, decent prices, good selection of food. I went here for breakfast and as my quick tip says the bacon, egg, and cheese on a hardroll are $3.25. I called ahead and ordered them and when I walked in the place it was much larger than I would've expected due to the small store front.  There was a decent sized area of tables and chairs for you to eat at which is nice option for someone like me who lives downtown. I plan on eating here for lunch and expanding on my review, but for now I'll be using them for breakfast since they make a better breakfast sandwich than Max Bibo.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,11/13/2012,81,208,4,7,4>I try to come here at least once a summer. It is one of the little known places with a beautiful spot on the CT River. Located 10-15 minutes south of Middletown, it is 100% worth the drive.The menu is pretty simple: burgers, chicken sandwiches, salads, entrees, and decadent desserts. It is BYOB so bring your own booze. They do want you to buy water, soda and juice with them, though. No fries, though. :((Bring cash as they only take paper money, folks. I love walking on the docks post-meal, checking out the boats and their quirky names, and sitting on the dock watching the sun set. Has got to be one of the most picturesque places for a sunset. Make sure to bring a camera to capture the beauty.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,11/12/2012,617,380,3,10,4>Came here to get my watch battery replaced. Called first to make sure they do this and the guy on the phone was very courteous! Was able to find metered parking right across the street, which was super convenient. Was greeted by an elderly woman who looked to be making jewelry. Shortly thereafter who I assume was the same courteous gentleman I spoke to on the phone walked out and greeted me. After a short polite exchange he informed me he would have my battery changed in a few minutes. The cost was $11I took that time to walk around the store and admire the beautiful and well-organized displays. I also spotted a GIA certification, which was very impressive. Shortly thereafter the courteous man returned with my watch,  politely thanked me for my business and asked me to come again, which I definitely will!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2012,11/11/2012,357,375,2,3,3>I am a Dad's convert. I've gone back to Dad's multiple times for breakfast since my first time this year, and each time, I've left extremely satisfied, happy, and ready to start my day. Everything I've had has been really good - from pancakes to omelets to the homemade corned beef hash. (Again, the corned beef is homemade. Homemade. And incredible.) The specials are super creative and, from my experience, wonderful. Today I brought some friends who were visiting the area to Dad's for breakfast, and one friend got a special omelet with crab, asparagus, avocado, mushrooms, and swiss, and she enjoyed it very much. My boyfriend got another special - a bbq bacon cheeseburger omelet, which sounds kind of weird because of the bbq sauce and eggs, but I had a bite, and it was fantastic. I got a 2x2x2 with eggs, bacon, and pancakes. The eggs were cooked perfectly, and it all made for a filling breakfast. I've noticed the pancakes are not as fluffy as other places, but they're huge, and satisfying. Because we raved about the corned beef hash on the way in, my boyfriend and I split a side order of hash and our other friend got a corned beef hash omelet. Great orders all around. We had a little bit of a wait for Sunday morning, but it wasn't too bad. The service is really friendly. We had multiple waitresses refilling our coffees and bringing us waters, and this one older woman in particular is my favorite. She's just that really friendly, definitely experienced waitress who has quick comebacks and puts a smile on your face from the first coffee fill-up to your walk out the door.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2012,11/10/2012,226,428,1,6,3>I think the varying reviews are indicative of their consistence, which is in some ways non-existent.  Depending on what you get on what day of the week can totally alter your experience.  The shrimp and scallops broiled are done well, the shrimp stuffing is a little much, the fishes are really too bland broiled and not something that i would get again, better fried for sure but I am usually not in the mood for fried seafood.  The clam chowder is really heavy, i would say they over due it on the cream and under do it on the clams or seafood.  Not the best clam chowder i have ever had but not bad either.  The uncooked shrimp we got had maybe 72 hours before they would expire so not a huge window, if I went here more often I would shop around when they get deliveries, I went on a Monday and am pretty sure based on the condition of the fish and shrimp that they get orders on Thursday for the weekend, still they were not in bad shape considering what i have got for seafood before.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,11/9/2012,23,65,6,6,4>Six stars for food. 2 for atmosphere. So I'll kind of average it out and give it a five overall. I've enjoyed pho and Vietnamese cooking at many different locales, from Springfield to Boston to the many offerings in West Hartford, and even Thailand.Ironically, there is a place in Springfield (MA) that is also called Pho Saigon, although I'm pretty sure there is no relation...that is where I had my first taste of pho, when that restaurant was also a tiny hole-in-the-wall. It's a real restaurant now. Will this happen to West Hartford's Pho Siagon hole-in-the-wall? In a way, I hope not.The West Hartford Pho Saigon reminds me of the Springfield pho joint I first visited almost twenty years ago...exceptional food, even if the atmosphere and service was lacking. The parallels are worth noting. They go beyond decor and service...the owner of West Hartford's Pho Saigon comes to your table and seems genuinely concerned about your experience, just as Hy used to up north. But then, being the owner, other things pop up, and he might disappear for a while while your tea cup goes empty, or part of your order goes missing.Still...it's the food that earns the stars. I've simply never had a better bowl of pho ga (chicken pho). So aromatic and flavorful, you're actually content to sit and breath it in for a moment, letting it cool down. On our recent visit, as much as I wanted pho, I opted for another favorite, bun. (Can't spell the full name...basically, it's bun thit nuong --  grilled pork -- and a spring roll). I've never had a "bad" bowl of bun. As with sex or pizza, when it's good it's great, when it's bad it's still pretty good. This was freakin' stellar. Perfect spices on the thin slices of grilled pork, a nice crispy fried spring roll on top, the usual fish sauce with carrots to dump over the mixture of lettuce, sprouts, mint, cucumber and noodles...it was quite literally perfect.There is a lot more on the menu to try. For a tiny restaurant, the menu is extensive. There is a large "vegetarian" section, but you might want to ask them about it....for instance, there is a vegetarian chicken soup listed. I'm not sure how that works. The only real drawback to the place is the service, which, while not great, isn't terrible, either. There is just one guy, the owner (I assume), and he's as attentive as he can be while also keeping the kitchen on task. This is stuff I can easily overlook. I remember my days at the Springfield Pho Saigon; we would literally be cashed-out and walking out the door as the owner called to us that we'd forgotten our appetizer! But if you can relax, and remember you're not at Ruby Tuesday or some corporate restaurant whose only concern is table turnover, you'll have no problem. I love this place. Just five more pages of menu items to try out!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,11/8/2012,200,181,1,3,1>This review is for the Middle Eastern Food.HORRAYYYY!! I moved from the Albany Park neighborhood of Chicago last year where there are middle eastern food joints on every corner. My husband and I both had meetings in Berlin at 6:30pm so after work we decided to venture out to find a quick bite. Trusty Yelp brought up Aladdin Halal (which, to be honest, I was shocked came up from my search of Restaurants in Berlin). Thanks to Michele T's review, we were in the car and on our way. I ordered the Falafel Sandwich (in a pita) & my husband ordered the Chicken Schwarma (in a pita...I would have personally ordered it as a wrap).Holy authentic...! The falafel was crispy, flavorful, and accompanied by some creamy hummus & pickles on the bottom.I DID notice that half their menu is italian and half is middle eastern...not sure about that but I would be willing to try the Pizza next time as an experiment!*get your butt here right now*across from Home Depot in Berlin right off the Berlin Tnpk*take out is quick and they take credit cards
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,11/7/2012,53,66,1,5,4>Mi amigos! Esta restarante es muy excelente!OK, enough of my bad Spanish. Hubby and I had the pleasure of dining at Suso last night with another couple. Our foodie neighbors, Vin and Megan, had raved about this place for weeks, and they weren't kidding.First off, Suso is a BYOB establishment (bonus points for being located next to a liquor store, especially since hubby accidentally dropped our bottle of wine when we got out of the car). The place is unimpressive from the outside (and maybe on the inside - considering it was about 90 degrees inside), but don't let that fool you or stop you. Our server (Fin?) explained the restaurant's concept: representative dishes from a variety of Latin countries, including Puerto Rico, Peru, Spain, and Portugal (I'm sure there are more). Yes, they have paella, but I'm personally not a fan so I didn't order it. Actually, what we did was order four appetizers to share. Hubby's favorite was the Papa Bravas, which are Spanish home fries covered in some seriously tasty aioli, These we super rich, but so good! My favorite was the Ceviche, which featured large chucks of fish (perhaps tilapia) that had marinated and "cooked" in a lime, garlic, and chile juice mixture. This was served on top of torn iceberg lettuce and topped with thin slices of red onion. Be still my beating heart! We also sampled the Mofongo de Camaron, which was tail-on shrimp served in some yummy sauce with what was essentially a smashed plantain cake, and the Pollo al Ajillo, which was chunks of chicken breast served in a creamy papakria sauce over a slice of bread. But I'm still on the ceviche and don't really care about anything else in this world. That is, until they brought out dessert.Flan de Coco is, as the name implies, coconut flan. Flan is not one of my favorite things, as the custard is almost always overcooked for my taste. This was no exception, but I did like the coconut that was added in (I'm coo-coo for coconut!). But the show stopper was the Chocolate Pisco Mousse with Pisco Liquor. O.M.G. It was like eating a chocolate cloud that was covered in a spiked chocolate sauce. Drooling!!!! How inappropriate would it be to lick the inside of the martini glass this scoop of heaven was served in???One last thing I am reminded of (as I glance at another Yelper's review). They brought out this small dish of some type of corn kernels that had been fried or baked or something. They sort of looked like corn nuts, but they weren't hard. Instead, they had a slightly hard shell, and the inside was like fried plantains. I guess they are called cancha (according the Jennifer H.), but I think you could call them crack and get away with it. Crazy addictive good!Great service! Great food! Great value! What more can I say? Oh, I know - GO!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,11/6/2012,15,136,3,4,3>I just don't get the hate for the tasting/tour event.  Stink eye, bros who want to fight...I've never experienced such a thing here.  What I did experience was a younger crowd that was there to enjoy themselves.  You can mingle, hang out with your friends, mess around on the Xbox, or just sulk and drink while judging everybody else.  There's something for everyone here.It's $10 for a Friday event, but you get a pint glass to take home.  You can't drink from it, though.  Instead, you get a small sample cup.  I've been to large brew fests that give you the same size cup, so it struck me as fairly standard.  Sure, it goes quick, but what do you expect for a sample?  Just get right back in line, and try something else.When I was there, they brought out some pizzas around hour 2 of the tasting.  I believe it was $1 or $2 a slice, and went quickly.  All in all, it's a good time.  You can't beat the value, and Hooker is a great local brewery.  I would recommend it to anybody.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,11/5/2012,24,72,,7,3>Wow - I was speechless.  What a great little place.  Ever since a few folks had raved about J.Rene's on Yelp and my husband told me about this place, I have been more than excited to check it out.  We found some time today, since their new hours in the their new location are more than fair.  I am very grateful for this.  In a recent conversation, some folks weren't sure if they were still roasting their own coffee or if the owner had sold the location when they moved.  The mystery is solved...they do still roast their own coffee there and the owner did not sell.There are several options to choose from when it comes to brewing...I stood there in aw not knowing which option to choose.  That said, I am sure I will go back just to try each version so I can be educated on which is most appetizing to me.  I chose the siphon flask this time around.  It was cool, unique, and generated a full-bodied cup of coffee that I was drooling over.  They have a station to the side where you can put in your sugar and cream to your liking...always nice when I have control of the situation.  They offer raw sugar too...very nice addition.  The ambiance is great, clean, modern, new, and very welcoming.  As you look around you will find folks on their PCs surfing the web, or couples/friends having intellectual conversations in the corner.  The place just feels smart...if that makes any sense at all.  The owner spent time talking to his patrons explaining the history of coffee and his shop.  His engagement with the customers was a welcomed sight.They offer a small selection of scones and muffins, bags of coffee, and even the various types of brewing options such as the french press or the siphon flask for sale which is very nice.  I am already looking forward to our next visit.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,11/4/2012,259,227,,3,2>Inside (front and back) and outside seating. Nice atmosphere and very nice service. Everyone that worked there seemed very nice...tall too. Haha. Our waiter looked like Harold from Harold and Kumar =P (Seriously)I recommend the Burrata....you can never go wrong with the burrata. So creamy and it comes with a simple side salad with arugula and peppers.Calamari was a one person serving but delicious as well.I definitely wanted pasta and so my date and I both got their pasta dishes. He got the tagliatelle special (tagliatelle with crab meat 3 giant scallops and this very flavorful sauce that I couldn't identify). This dish wasn't on the menu but they had something similar (the "Mare") on the usual menu. This dish was delicious! Such a unique flavor and such large scallops. SO good.I got the Maltagliatti (butternut squash, mushrooms, asparagus, truffle oil) and the pasta itself has herbs infused inside it. It was VERY good. The truffle oil was just amazing...definitely the highlight of the dish. Not something I can eat more than what they gave me....it'll get too much after a while. But really, both entrees were deliciousss.I will definitely go back and try their other dishes. Pricing was fair and service was great. Definitely a great place to go for dinner. I hear they have brunch...might try that one of these days too. YUM!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,11/3/2012,312,447,,5,5>I had been looking forward to the day when I would finally visit this wonderful place.  Ever since I moved to Connecticut I have been wanting to come here.  This evening my dreams came true when my ice cream buddy and I made the 45 minute drive from West Hartford to have the experience of the UConn Dairy Bar.My GPS needs some updating so it didn't recognize the address I typed in, but soon after we arrived in the campus area we saw signs leading us in the right direction.  Just as the sun was starting to set we parked, walked by the handful of picnic tables out front, and into this dairy heaven as our excitement continued to build.  We stood in line and mulled over all of the delicious-looking flavors, wanting to make the right choice.  Then, we remembered:  we could sample a few!  Between the two of us we tried the Banana Chocolate Chip, Cake Batter, Toasted Almond Amaretto, Strawberry Cheesecake, Husky Tracks, and one other one that is slipping my mind.  All were incredibly tasty - some of the best ice cream I have ever had.  It was evident that this stuff is made fresh with milk from the nearby cows.  After much deliberation (it is a very important decision after all) my friend went with the Banana Chocolate Chip with chocolate sprinkles and I chose to get a scoop of two seasonal flavors: Peach and Strawberry Cheesecake.  The Strawberry Cheesecake was great but I definitely played favorites with the Peach.  There is just something swoon-worthy about ridiculously fresh ice cream base paired with actual pieces/wedges of fresh peach.  Not canned stuff, not candied stuff, it was the real deal!  My friend's Banana Chocolate Chip was really good as well.  A nice mellow banana flavor shone through the rich, creamy ice cream with each bite.  We both got our ice creams in a cup with a sugar cone on top since we were going to take a little walk with them.  The cones tasted like they were made that day - not a hint of staleness to be found.Also adding to the pleasurable experience was the beautiful setting.  Since it is housed in the College of Agriculture and Natural Resources the area is peaceful and relaxing with the rolling green hills and farm-esque landscape.  There's indoor seating as well as outdoor seating, with picnic tables on one side of the building and small seating areas on the other side.Was this worth the 45 minute drive just for ice cream?  It absolutely was.Can't wait to come back!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,11/2/2012,115,309,,6,5>Great experience.  THIS RESTAURANT EXTENDS HAPPY HOUR TO THE PATIO!The meals are very well reviewed by others, I will point to some things that I thought were great examples of why this is a great place to dine.What a nice patio... I love the way the wind off the street seems to breeze by without making it's way in.One of the owners came out.. and personally leveled up a table on the patio.  Details...  Meals were delivered HOT...I was surprised that the patio is small dog friendly ..  a server brought a small bowl of water to the two dogs sitting quietly under a chair.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2012,11/1/2012,48,158,2,7,4>Had an absolute, unexpected blast tonight.Arrived at bar taco around 8:15 and the place was packed.  We had about a 15 minute wait, which is not bad for west Hartford.  I had already scoped out the menu, and pretty much knew what i was after as soon as we sat down:  tripe.  Yes, kids- stomach lining.  Often considered texturally weird when not cooked properly (i.e. long enough), this stuff definitively melts in your mouth when done right.  Bar taco did it right.Let me back up:  we started with a pitcher of mojitos which, just so you know, is not a value over ordering separate drinks, monetarily speaking.  That said, they were very good and well-balanced.We started with a small order of guacamole which was excellent, though we did need to request more chips.  From then we decided to order a large platter, which is billed basically as a taco sampling with accoutrements.  For 4 people, it was more than enough (9 tacos + spicy slaw, pickled veg, 2 tamales, large guac, tortillas, and oh, yes- their house trio of salsas).  This was perfect, and totally fits Barcelona's tapas/tacos POV.  We enjoyed everything, though the baja fish and red snapper tacos stood out.  I preferred my tripe, though also sampled the lamb (superb), beef (good), chicken (average), cactus pad (i.e. nopales- sorry- didn't love it), and chorizo (delish).Drinks were flowing and, while tasty, were definitely expensive for the size (as previously mentioned by others), and on the weak side.  This might be the kind of place you go to after you've already hit up happy hour somewhere else.My friends did indulge in dessert, while i just sampled from their plates.  We had mint chocolate chip gelato (really good, though not particularly Mexican...), churros  (deemed the best had in a long time), and a chocolate tamale.  The tamale was probably the least successful- good, deep, complex flavor, but dry.  It needed a sauce, or ice cream, or whipped cream, or anything.For a party of 4, with drinks (more than 1 round) our bill was about $140- way less than expected, and totally worth it.  We weren't even able to eat everything we ordered.  This place IS a good value for food.There was a house DJ so, even after paying our bill, we decided to stick around (really good DJ...).  We ended up having a total blast, and even- literally- danced on the table.  Bar taco is a great choice for a fun, lively, communal night out.  The food is good and cheap, and the drinks delicious.  Check it out...
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,10/31/2012,69,136,,6,6>Wanna start your day off right? Take a ride down to South Glastonbury and you'll be in for a treat of your favorite coffee, tea or espresso! -They have very good coffee, as you would imagine. Once they pour it, you have to walk to the back wall and add your cream etc. -We tried two bakery items, one with circle- dough covered walnuts in it, another was a apple-filled croissant which my daughter loved! -Very friendly staff-Clean & cool place to hang out , drink coffee & read the paper or meet up with friends.-I personally love my coffee in a mug, but was served with a plastic cup. I know that places such as Panera Bread will gladly offer you a ceramic mug if you are staying there for a while. I wonder if So G Coffee Roasters practices this as well??-They have a variety of home roasted coffee, so be sure to ask for the one that's most suitable for you. I tried their light roasted breakfast bland! Was great!-Attention Tea Lovers, they have a dozen glass jars off pure tea leafs. A joy to just see this behind the counter top, so I'm sure any tea enthusiast would appreciate this place as well!!!I added a picture of the sign in front of the plaza, so that you won't drive by it like we did! Parking was perfect, right in front of the establishment. There is a grocery store and restaurant as well within this plaza.This was a morning weekday visit..there a few tables already taken, as the locals were enjoying their coffee's and pleasant atmosphere, including tin ceilings, and their "Roaster" just behind my back from where my daughter & I were sitting.-We'll be back again!!! Can't wait!!!! Cheers with my coffee raised up high!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,10/30/2012,40,227,1,9,4>**Summary**Great food, quick service, easy to get to, and they'll deliver if you prefer, unlike some others in the area.  My "go to" local pizza place.  **Food**Their pizza is pretty damn good, so Antonio's (Vernon/Rockville) has quickly become my "go to" for when I have people over.  It's fairly thin crust, but not rock-hard crispy like Pepe's sometimes is, and they don't skimp on the toppings.  The prices are reasonably competitive, especially considering how huge the pizzas are.  (The large is so big it comes in a "Party Pizza" box because it's all they can get that fits, and the party pizza is even bigger!)I've also had their Chicken Parmesan grinder a few times.  Big slabs of nice juicy chicken, fresh bread, lots of cheese, sauce, and roasted peppers..mmm.  I may ask for extra sauce next time, but other than that it can't be beat.  Good onion rings too.  Fairly thick cut, crispy, and not too greasy. **Tips**Cost - My only caution would be to watch how many extra toppings you add.  They're incredibly flexible on what they'll make for you, whether it's splitting pizzas between two types or adding a bunch of extras, but it adds up pretty quick.  I've bought a large that was over $30...ouch!  Delivery - They WILL deliver over the Tolland line, which I was pleased to find out.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,10/29/2012,52,107,6,6,4>Strange little location for a Spanish Restaurant, but don't judge a book by it's Furniture Upholstery Parking Only Area cover. If you park on this little section of Main Street that I normally speed-walk through, park closer to Dairy Queen where the happy ice cream eating families gather. I don't want a ton of hate mail, so I won't go into detail people - Just trust me on this one. If you're a TRUE FOODIE, you have learned some of the best food comes out of questionable locations and visa verse. There's something special about watching someone cook your food right in front of you. To me, it screams FRESH. I can see the cook, chopping and swinging his utensils all around the grill - those sexy sizzle sounds - the steam - the smells of fresh peppers and onions and StEaK!!! - all come together just enough to tingle your foodie senses and send that tiny bit of drool out of the side of your mouth that you hope no one else saw. I enjoyed sitting at the counter for the show. OK, so the cook was no Bobby Flay. He didn't even acknowledge me much less talk while this was all  happening, but I'm not buying his personality, I'm buying his Delicias Latina Cuisine, and I got my dineros worth senor. The waitress - was VERY nice and I was jealous that she seemed to understand what they were saying on the TV blasting Telemundo while I waited for my food. The prices were very reasonable. We had a few chicken tacos, steak tacos, chicken and steak fajitas, etc. The "fajitas" to-go were wrapped up all in one like a big burrito - wasn't expecting that. I'd prefer they be REAL FAJITAS like I get at CHILIS! hahhahhaa! (In my best novella laugh - staring at the camera) Seriously though, the meat was fresh, the flavor was great. They give you a ton of rice and beans on the side, which is awesome if you're seeking revenge on your spouse that night. Enjoy!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/28/2012,257,66,,8,5>Wowza!!  If you are looking for a afternoon or evening of fun with friends or family..you have to try this place! Totally outstanding! When you step foot onto the grounds, they are immaculate. You can eat off the floor...the curb appeal is amazing. The rock walls, patios, flowers...stunning!My sis & I tackled the Go Karts first. A little pricey ( $8.00 per person), but well worth it! The Karts are cool and sharp looking. They are also fast. You can press a button on the steering wheel called "Turbo Boost"  We had a good 10 laps around. We also went for the batting cages ( $2.00 for 18 ball) soft ball or baseball which was a great price. We enjoyed soft serve ice cream after on the patio which also had a fire pit. They also offer a full grill menu with Angus beef.  You can pay in cash or re fill your "Sonny Card" which can be swiped at the Batting Cages & Arcade. There is a QR code on them to scan with your smart phone to check the balance as you are out and about to check on the status of ticket amount or how much money is left on it.What Sonny's has to offer:-Mini Golf-Go Karts -Batting Cages-Arcade-Rock Climbing Wall-Driving Range ( This was it's original landmark before they expanded)-Money Flips ( Jumping with a harness and flipping in the air)-Virtual Bowling ( 2 lanes inside arcade)-Entertaining areas for Group Outings & Birthday PartiesI highly recommend this place if you are looking to burn off some steam and want to break up your routine. Its centrally located and most likely is that place that you say when you drive by.." We will have to try that place sometime"..you do! Also, a great place to take out of town guests. Who ever owns this establishment put a lot of thought into it. It shows!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,10/27/2012,104,202,2,5,4>Not that I was at all skeptical when walking up to Tyler English Fitness, I mean I had two amazing reviews to go by, but, seriously, people, take my advice: YOU MUST CHECK THIS PLACE OUT.  Drop your 2lb weights and "b" line it straight to Tyler English Fitness.Sunday, I joined a bootcamp class.  I wouldn't even call it a class, because what I experienced today (my first real go at it), was above and beyond anything I've ever been a part of. I woke up before the world and was at the gym at 530am.  Not my usual cup of tea, but I'm so beyond pumped to be a part of the change happening within every single person who walks in the door of Tyler English Fitness, it just makes sense that I be there first thing.  Once checked in (simple process of signing a chart), you are instantly greeted with smiling faces by the trainers.  Definitely helped in adding to the positive atmosphere this place oozes.Because I attended an orientation session yesterday, I knew exactly what I needed to do to begin warming up (before the actual warm up) but could also be  guided by the multiple trainers on hand if need be.Tyler English and his amazing staff have this down to a science.  Every one in the building is there with purpose and conviction and with multiple trainers per session, I felt I was in good hands, even when I felt I wasn't good enough.  If my form was a little off, instead of yelling at me or making me feel like a complete idiot, the trainers were there to show me correct form, while keeping the coaching positive.  I felt so at home in this facility- there is absolutely no judgement.  I am not better than you, you are not better than me.  We are all here for one reason and that is to "GET BETTER".We went through a series of circuits set up around the gym, each time, the trainer would instruct us how to properly do a movement without stressing muscles in the wrong ways or hurting ourselves.  Depending on what day you come in to a boot camp class, you may be working more on a strength training regime or you may be working on a metabolic regime.  Both meant to work you out and kick your butt!!  At the end of each session, the whole class comes in close, puts their fists in the air and on the count of the three, screams as loud as we can "get better".  That last little ooomf helps with the rest of the day!!The next four weeks of my life will be life changing.  Many of the trainers were clients to begin with and I am so passionate about being the best me I can  be, I foresee amazing things in my future with the help of Tyler English Fitness.  Who knows, maybe I'll be coaching YOU some day!!!Don't waste any more time or money on the big corporation gyms that know you only as a number in their computer.  Head over to Tyler English Fitness (in Canton and West Hartford) and give yourself the workout you deserve.This place rocks!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,10/26/2012,803,1274,,15,7>A very nice farmstand in the Granby countryside. Yes, garlic is all over the place, (the aroma of garlic and fresh basil was intoxicating) but we also saw veggies of every description - tomatoes (regular and heirloom), peppers, onions, zucchini, eggplant, corn, leeks. We also saw some very nice peaches and artisan breads. The real star of the show was the gent (had to be an owner) who was manning the store today. We told him this was our first time here, and he carefully explained how the store was laid out - freshly picked stuff up front, three day picked stuff over there, etc . He was super friendly and a helluva nice guy.We bought a giant heirloom tomato and a sprig of basil to enjoy for lunch, and it was delicious -a creamy intense tomato flavor, but very sweet almost like a peach or a ripe plum. We picked up an eggplant, a zucchini, a pepper and an onion for a stir-fry tonight. Check out the photos.If you're in the area, and would like to meet a super nice farmer, and see some nice produce check it out.By the way, he is selling fresh zinnias next weekend- where else do you ever see that?
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2012,10/25/2012,1,224,4,4,3>The food here is very good and inventive......drinks are always potent...it always gives off a very positive "vibe". went with my wife during CT. restaurant week. at 3 courses for $20.12..who can beat this deal? It started off a little shaky....both of us had the butternut squash bisque....it was out of this world delicious but the cup was only half full! server  told us portions are smaller on restaurant week specials. OK. things went uphill from there. wife had the autumn chicken risotto and declared it 'delicious!'. portion seemed "normal". I had the niman ranch pork chop. it was topped with roasted peppers and cheese with herbed rice and broccoli. really really good. server asked me how i wanted my pork chop? does anyone want any "pink" or red in a pork chop? i just said well done and it came out perfectly. for dessert we both had the gingerbread ice cream sandwich..topped with pumpkin spice caramel. extremely decadent and good. we definetely got our monies worth. have been here before and must say..its a bit pricey...but you get what you pay for. Its a restaurant that has its act together and purrs along like a well oiled machine.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,10/24/2012,397,324,9,13,13>Located across the street from Job Lot this Indian buffet was actually a nice find. I meet up with Karin for lunch here and would definitely make this a lunch spot if it were closer. For the price tag of $8.99 during the week that's amazing and their mango lassi is $1.99.  Even if it was from a concentrate I'll be glad to pay that price.I entered the place alone and was greeted by what appeared to be a happy employee. When I think of buffet workers I always have this assumption of foreign students working in exchange for a warm bed and 9 meals a week. No transference at all in this case the guy greeted me and was nice as can be. The buffet layout was interesting. Everything was labeled!! I like that they rotate the food so if you wanted to you could have lunch there every day. I had the typical offerings at most buffets. I expected fresh fruit but that wasn't available but that didn't ruin the experience as the company was good and the food was delicious!For the price tag I was impressed that the place was clean. Silverware nice and shiny. Tables not a speck of dust or crumb. Staff attentive in their own way. The best part of all was they made Karin's favorite dish. Veggi Manchurian is now one of my favorite dishes!! It reminds me of Chinese food but with more flavor and personality. It was super spicy, it definitely had a kick.  Overall a good experience.(still trying to locate the pics I took)
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,10/23/2012,129,155,1,7,6>The Firebox is a farm-to-table restaurant with a social and environmental mission, apparent by their hiring of people from the Frog Hollow Neighborhood, encouragement of local food consumption and support for local agriculture. A little expensive, but this is to be expected for a farm-to-table restaurant with an upscale menu. Cocktails are delicious, there is one with ginger beer which is my favorite. I recommend going here during the Taste of Hartford weeks if you're on a tight budget...you can get two courses and a desert for around $20, which is an incredible price for such high quality cuisine. This restaurant is part of the Billings Forge Community Works, which is a community organization aimed towards revitalizing the Frog Hollow neighborhood. Check out the Billings Forge farmers market on Thursdays from 11-2 from April-October. This market also runs indoors from November-April. The market is amazing! The largest in Hartford, with everything from bread, soap, jewelery, live music to fresh produce. It's the only market in the city, in my opinion, which tries to also create a communal space for gathering and succeeds!
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/22/2012,149,237,,9,3>A must try....hands down the best neo-soul creative cuisine in New Haven!    As someone who is very health conscious, the food is a lot healthier than traditional soul food...and it does not sacrifice flavor and substance to achieve it.  I think that is a testament to how good chef Steve (the owner) really is.  I frequent this place on a regular basis and have tried many different dishes.  My favorite entrees are the blackened Salmon/Tilapia, stew chicken, chopped turkey sandwich with bbq sauce, or smothered turkey.  And I always get the dirty rice and collard greens (perfect balance of sweet and tangy).  The menu is pretty extensive and has lots of different options to choose from, which is important to me because I dont eat pork or beef.  And its BYOB so dont forget your bottle of wine!  Go here, try what you want, and dont forget to inquire about the specials.  Like most places in the country with really great food, its off the beaten path so dont be deterred by the location...the food will definitely be worth it!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/21/2012,13,123,,4,4>I have frequented the Kitchen for lunch a number of times.  On the old menu, I was a fan of the honey mama and I hope they bring it back someday.  My go to now is the tuna melt.  The red onion jam is just what every tuna sandwich needs. At lunch time the service can be a little slow, but not because they are ignoring people.  It is because it is a small space and a lot of people are picking up food.The ice coffee is awesome! The desserts are awesome! In the fall (before I had yelp--a sin, I know) I ordered some pieces of the pumpkin cheese cake for a co-worker's birthday and it was by far the best cheese  cake I have ever had.  If you see it in the case, get it!
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,10/20/2012,79,188,8,9,7>Dear Tastease, In a world of homogenized eating experiences, you are a gem. Life-changing, even. When I first saw your midi doughnuts at a community event several years ago, I admired their beauty from afar. Perhaps I felt unworthy. Then, I had a cookies-and-cream doughnut. Just sweet enough. Unlike the chain coffee and doughnut shop that everyone in New England seems obsessed with, your creations have flavor. The portion was perfect. This reminded me of how in many places in Europe, people may indulge in the same type of foods as us, but they scale down the quantity. Because the quality is so fine, they can reduce portion size and be satisfied. This morning was a major breakthrough, Tastease, in my relationship with you. I finally stepped foot in your storefront. Though there is parking on both sides of the street, I ended up having to cross over. (After shopping: The stress of crossing New Park Avenue was mitigated by a friendly school crossing guard who stopped traffic. It is good to know that there is someone who cares enough about the well-being of a woman who clearly has a sugar contact high.) Upon entering, the owners greeted me with warmth I only normally experience from still being under my blankets at 7:15am. They informed me that none of the doughnuts have nuts, which means those of us with tree nut allergies can relax now. One of the owners, sitting at a table by the window, assured me that "the only nut in here is me." While I enjoyed not standing in line and having all the variety I wished at this time, I enjoyed even more learning that you can reserve doughnuts. In the future, I may do just that-- call the day before, order two dozen, and rise from slumber at a more reasonable hour. But these little works of art are worth dragging one's tired self out of the house during morning school traffic. I'm totally smitten. XOXO,Kerri
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/19/2012,48,116,4,13,8>This place is amazing. Fun for kids and adults. Totally get your money's worth. I'm kind of obsessed. :) Here's an excerpt from my Stefcations travel blog: If you're a Connecticut native like me, you'd likely never imagine that a cool place like Brownstone Discovery Park would be hiding anywhere near this neck of the woods. If you have kids and are looking for an all-family activity - and even if you don't have kids (because I don't), you would be amazed by the fun you'll have here.The cost of a pass? $28. The hilarity? Priceless.A daily pass that will gain you admittance to all of the "adventure" sports (cliff jumping, swimming, ziplining, waterslide, wakeboarding, scuba diving, and large inflatable toys - the fun of which should NOT be underestimated) will cost you $28. (The park happened to offer a special this Labor Day weekend for $20. Yay, us!) Call me crazy, but the admission price for places like Six Flags or Lake Compounce is considerably higher than that ($35.99 a person at "the Lake" last time I checked); plus, at those other places you'd have to pay extra for parking. Here at Brownstone, not only is parking free, they've got a shuttle to bring you down the road and drop you off at the gates.The other option at Brownstone is the general swimming pass, which includes swimming, kayaking, hiking, and biking, and costs $18. But come on, face it, you'd really just be wussing out.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/18/2012,47,114,,11,2>O.K., as promised, now that we've been back a few times, here is an update.  I continue to wholeheartedly recommend BHT!  The first day "glitches" are long ago a memory, the menu has been tweeked, the service is stellar and the food - DELICIOUS!   I am a huge fan of the swordfish and my teenage son adores the fish and chips - but really, regardless,the food is fresh, perfectly seasoned and beautifully presented.  On my last visit, I noticed a number of people ordering blood mary's - think  I'll have to give that a try next time ! A few reviewers have complained about pricing....I mean really, have you been to other "good" restaurants in this town?  This pricing is right in line with the level of quality offered.... I am thrilled to have such a wonderful establishment as BHT in my end of town!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,10/16/2012,128,184,5,6,3>4+The customer service is worth the 4 stars. THEN you get to the food. We get gyro; the tzatziki sticks out. Akin to "dry" when describing wine, its sublime. We get chix (the lamb is good as well); the pita is top notch as are the rest of the ingredients.Chicken curry and kebab, feeeeeelin' the love.Baklava, tasty, but not the "best in the universe" as advertised. Lotsa fun drinks and groceries.Just so ya know; its NOT cheap. But, we keep going back for a reason. What Kara said about the waitstaff.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,10/15/2012,59,121,2,6,2>On recommendation by Anthony P., my friends and I checked this place out. First off, it was really clean. Second, the pastries looked delicious. Third, I thought the steak & cheese sandwich might be really good, so I got that over the highly touted Cubano.Pastries were incredible! Delicious and crispy. The sandwich is where they shined though.  That possibly was the greatest steak & cheese I've ever had. It was so flavorful I could've eaten many, many more just because I didn't want to lose the taste! Way better than the Cubano in my opinion, but they're separate sandwiches so I guess that's a stupid comparison.Anyway, low low prices and awesome food. I'm definitely a fan!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,10/14/2012,125,121,7,7,6>A visit to La Via Del Gusto feels like comin' home. Claudio (the owner) and Laurie have almost become like family to me in the short time that I've known them. On weekends, you'll find me at La Via typing away on my iPad, while enjoying my usual cappuccino and mini cannoli. Yes, they have free wi-fi here...I know because I helped them set it up lol. Just ask them for the password.Speaking of cannoli: I've always found this pastry too heavy, too crunchy, too...something. Stale, perhaps? At La Via, however, they fill the cannoli with fresh cream right before your eyes. Best filling I've ever tasted! I might even like it more than the lobster tail I had here, which is saying a lot. La Via has converted me into a cannoli believer.It's quite obvious that everything at this Italian deli/bakery is made with love! Claudio takes his time building your perfect sandwich. The deli meat and cheese selection here is top-notch! Claudio told me he even special-ordered the hard-to-find buttiro/burrini cheese for a customer earlier that week: turns out that customer WAS MY OWN MOTHER lol! I immediately paid my parents a visit and grilled them about La Via. My dad nonchalantly replies: "Oh, my buddy Claudio? Yeah, he makes a great espresso." Haha what a small world.I really wish the location were more visible from the street, but what can you do? Maybe it's better this way. Maybe I can keep them all to myself mwahaha. Just kidding...I'm actually telling everyone I know about La Via! Friendly service and authenticity is so hard to come by these days, but you'll find it at La Via del Gusto. It's places like this that make me proud to be a Yelper.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,10/13/2012,5,165,2,3,2>i  have been to this place twice and each time I have thoroughly enjoyed my meal. The atmosphere and service is really on point...but the dining area and bar are quite small..best to make a reservation if you go for dinner. The best things I have had there are the sacitini...which are these little pasta pouches filled with ricotta and served with vodka sauce..YUM! I also enjoy their homemade pasta and the garlic CHUNKS they throw in their sauce..their brushetta bread is to die for!!! LOVE! the only thing is EVERYTHING is HUGE portion wise and you will leave overly full and always with leftovers. Be prepared to have some stomach issues the next day due to over eating..but it is WELL worth it!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,10/12/2012,173,343,2,7,4>For about a year a co-worker that used to work in downtown Hartford kept raving about a restaurant on a side street whose seemingly non descript exterior hid some of the most delicious food and well made food in Hartford.Finally - on a rainy Friday I decided to take the plunge and see what all the fuss was about.  I have to say she was 100% correct, this is a total hidden gem of a restaurant in Hartford that I had never heard of and if I did not go searching for it - would have passed it by.   What they lack in ambiance (table and chairs for those on their lunch hour looking to grab a quick bite and the food is served in Styrofoam containers) they make up for in the food!All the food is made from scratch daily (including the salad dressings) by the owner/chef whose accent seemed to be of German decent.  There was a large board of creative sandwiches and I was told that there was a daily rotating hot bar.  I got the roasted chicken salad with tender, juicy chicken breast that I was told was roasted that morning.  It was moist and all the vegetables in my salad were crisp and fresh. My co worker had the chicken Cesar salad with freshly made Cesar dressing (with extra garlic).   The quality and freshness of the ingredients as well as the time and care that the chef put into each dish came through in the final products  I tasted.They also had a variety of fresh breads and desserts (again made fresh on premises by the owner/chef)Parking is not easy to come by (we had to drive around a couple of times to find a spot), but if you work downtown this place should be added to your list of places to try for lunch.I was surprised that it did not have much of a lunch crowd for a Friday but it might have been the weather or the time we came through (about 1:30pm
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,10/11/2012,27,42,5,4,2>I like this place.  I'm not sure I want to though.  The fried seafood is off the charts perfect everytime.  I've only experienced the deep-fried food here because I haven't wanted to venture out of what I know is good and f up my flow.  You can also call ahead instead of waiting which helps for takeout. I've never eaten in the dining area because frankly it's tacky.  Note: Just because you sell seafood doesn't mean you have to have a huge aquarium full of fish and a gigantic fish mural.  Without these things we still know it's a seafood joint.  Wonder what chef Ramsey would say about the decor.  I'm confident he'd have good things to say about the food though so it's all good.I've experienced a couple problems here though.  Let's discuss.  The visitors really have a way of showing their @ss sometimes.  I've gone in there when people were cussing people out, over-the-top loud on their cell phones, not once but twice.  Worse, I've been in there innocently standing in line while the guy behind me explained to his girlfriend that he wasn't looking at me, "'cuz I ain't even that cute."  Sidenote: I'm not that damn self important to just assume he was talking about me, he literally said, "You think I'm looking at who?  This chick with the curly hair and the glasses?..."  I was the only "chick" in there with these features.  Clearly he wanted me to hear him.  Rude little a-hole.  It hurt me deeply, especially since he looked just like Gucci Mane, and ok so I KNOW most of you do NOT know who Gucci Mane is but please google an image?  Puleeeezzz.  Thanks.My guy looooves going in here, he loves the seafood and the prices too!  But I'm convinced he comes here because the girl behind the counter is a modern day Hottentot Venus.  I mean her "assets" are huge and even I get distracted.  I sure do digress with every review, sorry.  This place is sooo worth checking out if you are in the neighborhood.  I think it's better than City Fish in Wethersfield and it's closer so I'm a lucky gal.  Try it!  You'll like it!!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,10/10/2012,79,190,6,8,6>Bare Bones: Or, How I Learned to stop Yoga-ing and Love the Box.For workout junkies, this place definitely delivers. Located within a decidedly ugly strip mall (the same one that has Goong Asian Restaurant and a huge closed pet store) and across the street from the Aldi on Silver Lane, I really had no idea what to expect when I walked in to Bare Bones. What I found inside was a ton of people, some tread mills, a boxing arena, and a sea of punching bags in back of the studio. I walked in, a nice guy pegged me immediately as a living social coupon kid and wrapped my hands up and pointed me towards the gloves in the back of the room. Note: if you are squeamish about other people's sweat and plan on going here often you might want to invest in your own pair of gloves, although they are kind of pricey.The class started unceremoniously, with the instructor sitting down and beginning the stretches. Then we segued into some cardio, running in circles around the gym, doing push-ups and squats and mountain climbers and jumping jacks. After this, punching the bags, followed by an ab workout. It's awesome. I suggest you bring a water bottle, although there is a drinking fountain in back. Wear sneakers. Get ready to sweat. Enjoy.You can try out your first 3 classes for free too, so there's no reason not to give it a shot!!!
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,10/9/2012,54,171,2,4,2>It doesn't get any better than this!  I have been to Plan B only once, but I come to Max Burger more often because of the atmosphere & location.  I am actually surprised at myself for not having reviewed here yet.  Since I learned about it, I would say I have been here over a dozen times.First things first, great location in West Hartford Center; prices are very reasonable; fine service (& enjoyable to look at from both sides of the aisle); excellent selection of beer.  It is also very clean with nice outdoor seating *although they are very picky with party size on the patio & the wait is usually very long.*I have tried a variety of burgers here; the ones that stick out are the Blackjack (jalapeno), Miss Daisy & the Turkey Burger.  All are very good.  The fries are fine & if you substitute a salad, you feel better about yourself when eating such a juicy burger :)The reason why I popped on to write a review here (& realizing I never have yet) was the special burger they had last week that NEEDS to go on their regular menu ASAP...the Big Kahuna Burger.  Topped with ham, pineapple & a Hawaiian aolee, this could possibly be named the greatest burger I have ever had.  If anyone from Max is reading this, please tell your management that it needs to be on the menu permanently!!If you head into West Hartford & don't want to spend a lot of money but have a delicious meal, stop in to Max Burger...enjoy!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,10/8/2012,44,171,4,6,4>Being a student at Capital Community College requires me to commute from Plainville while avoiding rush hour traffic, which places me on campus rather early before class sometimes. This affords me a chance to either work on my studies, or more often, explore downtown Hartford.Woody's is tucked away down an alley on Pratt Street, and also accessible from Main Street, though as far as I could tell, it's not labeled on that side of the block.Atmosphere was welcoming, bright and casual. I got the famous Deputy Dog, a hot dog with bbq pulled pork and cheddar. I wanted to roll my face in it, it was so good. The fries were nothing particularly special. Yay for diet rootbeer in the bottle though, perfect beverage. Bring cash.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,10/7/2012,3,25,,3,3>El Sarape is a small, hole-in-the-wall place in the hood of Hartford... so you know the food is going to be authentic.They have a pretty expansive menu but so far I've just had the tacos every time. Their tacos are among the best I've ever had. The carne asada ones are exceptionally great.Before you place your order, you are provided with chips and salsa. The chips are perfect -- not too salty, and they're pretty thick. The standard salsa served with them is the pico de gallo which is excellent. They also have a salsa verde and a hotter red sauce. Make sure you ask for all 3 if you're not automatically provided with them!Along with the tacos they also serve a side of avocado-based sauce which is delicious. I prefer to top each of my tacos with some of the avocado sauce as well as some of the red sauce.One of these times I'm going to try their burritos since I've heard they're delicious as well. In addition to the food, the service is prompt and friendly as well.No complaints over here.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,10/6/2012,21,126,,4,3>I have dined at Francesco's a few times for lunch and I have not been disappointed yet..  Great food, great service and from what I understand dinner time is even more rewarding with live lounge entertainment. I will try dinner here soon.  Started with Italian wedding soup, very fresh tasty and comforting. Then followed with the Francesco salad with grilled shrimp. Nice portion, delicious favors in the dressing. I have also tried their veal and chicken dishes and all are very high quality. The prices are not cheap but once you taste the food you will understand why they charge a little more.  If you are looking for real Italian cuisine in the heart of Hartford's Little Italy. Francesco's is a great choice. They also have outdoor patio dining in the summer.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/5/2012,4,13,,2,1>Awesome massage. Probably one of the best I have had in my life. I will definitely be going back. I had Lisa as my massage therapist. She was amazing. You can tell she is very experienced and really cares, because it seemed like a massage customized to me - the exact areas I mentioned beforehand as well as the areas she found as she worked.I live downtown, so I've been to Prossage before - but hadn't seen this new location yet. It is beautiful. A tranquil spa on the 22nd floor of the Marriott. It is small, but every inch has a warm, glowy, relaxed feel. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2012,10/4/2012,151,129,3,8,2>Charismatic, personable, talented...just a few words that come to mind when I think of Joe's Shoe Service. The owner is not only one of the friendliest people you will ever meet, he is incredibly skilled. Being a "people" person myself, I really value owners that make it a point to genuinely ask how their customers are doing, and really get to know them.The first time I visited his store was actually because my then puppy had chewed right through the leather handle of a bag I had just received as a gift. He fixed it and it looked as good as new for $10. Over the last few years, he has brought life back to several pairs of shoes for me, a service I wish I knew about in college! Boy were all those nights at the bar (and those walks home!!) rough on my shoes...and they usually ended up in the trash after a year or so.Whether your shoes need a-fixing, you broke a zipper, or your dog ruined something else in your home, Joe's Shoe Service is the place to go! There are also miscellaneous shoe supplies for sale here.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,10/3/2012,71,294,4,10,4>Barcelona, you win. Though my last trip was only average, both the food and service were outstanding this time around. We started with a flatbread that featured basil pesto, garden peas, and goat cheese. It was phenomenal. Ridiculous. Outrageous. Drop whatever you're doing (unless you happen to be fighting a fire or performing open heart surgery) and go order it.We also ordered chorizo with sweet and sour figs, which had a nice flavor, but the meat was just a little dry. The hangar steak was cooked perfectly and had a nice crust, and the sauteed shrimp in butter were delicious as well. Even the complementary bread at Barcelona is fantastic, and is served with a nice olive oil.The service was absolutely top-notch. Our water glasses were promptly refilled, and the pacing was excellent, which is important where tapas are involved. Our primary waiter was cheerful and very friendly, and the experience was great from start to finish.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,10/2/2012,8,55,,9,4>Went tonight to try it out after having been a big fan of Bangkok Spice.I had the mango fried rice with shrimp. LOVED it. It was just the tiniest bit sweet. I had expected some stronger mango flavor or maybe some small bits of mango but there weren't any. There were some sweet onions and plenty of good sized shrimp in there though. It was cooked perfectly - the rice kept a little stickiness, not a bit dried out.My husband started with the rice soup - the smell of the ginger was intoxicating. The broth was rich and flavorful. He had the Pad See Ew for his main dish and I sampled that too. Wonderful stuff.We will definitely be back...new owners, new menu, not sure what the story is but it was so good I'll ask next time
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,10/1/2012,80,717,9,5,9>If you don't like The Corner Pug, then you don't like bars. Just stay away from them, and stop running to Yelp to whine about how you weren't treated like the Sultan of Brunei at a FREAKIN' PUB!(That appears to be the trend pervading the majority of negative reviews for this place... Do yourself a favor and don't listen to these prissy socialites...)Anyway, rant over. The Corner Pug is just a great ol' fashioned pub, one of West Hartford's best, for sure. It's a place for every emotion - celebration, relaxation, love, sorrow, loneliness. And how could you not love an ol' dirty bar with pictures of cute little doggies all over it?And the pub fare matches the pub feel. Plenty of beers, plenty of food. I'll especially brag about the brunch, which is truly fit for kings. I had a steak and eggs with toast and a mimosa for 14 bucks... Not sure if the price is still the same today, but what a deal, and a what a meal to last me till the middle of next week!Show up, wear jeans, order beer. That's the life at The Corner Pug.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,9/30/2012,116,265,4,6,6>I was initially hesitant about trying MONDO Pizza. What kind of place that takes their pizza seriously names it Mondo? What does it mean? Well for me MONDO now means a very good pizza in a fun, clean, and sleek environment. The restaurant has an open type kitchen and a bar area and there is outside seating.The crust is a bit thicker than any New Haven pizza that I have had but it is quite good. I tried one of their Artisan Pies, an Oozy Egg pizza which consists of Fresh Mozzarella, Romano cheese, prociutto di parma, egg and truffle oil and it was fantastic. It had a couple of fried eggs on top cooked perfectly to deliver the Oozy yolks as promised in its name sake! For the less adventurous,  they also offer more traditional sounding pizzas along with the ability to create your own by selecting from a toppings list.They even have Foxon Park soda my favorite of which is the Gassosa flavor!I can't wait to come back and try some more varieties of their delicious pizzas and some of the other menu items!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,9/29/2012,62,156,,5,3>I'm late to the party here, usually going to other Thai places in the area. But this is super close to home and it was a cool night that had me craving something warm and spicy. Closeness won out over security of a known commodity. We were glad it did; the food was delicious!A favorite trait of Thai food for me is that all the ingredients seem to stand on their own, yet still blend together in a harmonious dish. This was true at Blue Elephant Trail and was especially satisfying because of what seemed like truly quality ingredients.The pickled veg put on the table to start were excellent, with a sweet pickle taste that blended beautifully with a little ginger kick.I had Tom Yum soup with chicken and found it very nicely spiced and served piping hot. The vegetables were fresh and crisp, making it a perfect blend of soothing soup and bright flavors and textures. My bf had the Tom Kha soup that was a beautiful, creamy coconut base and gave it high marks.My pad thai was excellent. It was a beautiful presentation and generous portion of noodles with a silky sauce, tender chicken and generous supply of ground peanuts. Love that peanut flavor that gives a mellow, sweet background to just a small amount of spice.The bf had curry puffs with chicken and Thai spring rolls. I got a taste of the curry puff and it was fantastic. Served hot, with that hard-to-quantify blend of heat and sweet that pushes my buttons. I'm not a curry expert, but I know that they come in many blends. This one had wonderful notes of heat and complexity from many spices; maybe cinnamon? cumin? I don't know what else, but it's good.The dining room is clean and stylish, with soft lighting, warm colors and an attractive stone wall behind the comfortable bar. Service was fast and friendly.My one gripe? Fairly nice background music ended up conflicting with sound from the TV when "America's Got Talent" came on. The bartender was engrossed. I shouldn't have to listen to that kind of noise battle in a restaurant. If the bartender is bored, perhaps he should go home.That irritation aside, I would definitely add this to my list of Thai options in the area. We'll be back.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,9/28/2012,50,141,6,5,4>Well, well, well.  The Time Machine.  We are incredibly lucky to have the greatest toy store on the planet close to us.  The place is huge and has an amazing array of model trains.  In fact, they run their sets on Sunday from 1pm to 4pm.  It's not a small set and it's extremely impressive.  I like it because they have toys for little kids and adults that act like kids. I can't wait to get some RC aircraft.  Perhaps my wife will read this and get me one for the holidays.  A geeky adult can only dream.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,9/27/2012,119,143,3,3,5>I dig Olympia Diner.  It's often easy to find a seat (except around 9am on weekends) and they take debit/credit cards.  Their corned beef hash is my all time favorite.  I brought some of it home with me on Sunday and it was SO GOOD reheated with my own eggs.  I am seriously considering ordering some to-go, just to have in the house, the next time I'm out and about on the Berlin Turnpike.I usually just order eggs on a roll with cheese.  Nothing crazy.  My wife nearly always gets french toast (and a side of hash) and it looks like you'd make it at home: simple.The menu is huge (like most diners) and the waitstaff is always really nice.  I love a place that gives you a menu right away and they seem to know you're ready to order a few minutes later.  The best part is the food seems to take mere minutes to get to your table.One final note: I am astounded that people wait for a table at the nearby IHOP when Olympia is right down the road.So, to recap....hash, hash, hash....and no need to bring cash.Enjoy!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,9/26/2012,13,49,2,6,7>Acure absolutely deserves its 5-star rating.  I've been a client of Amanda's for almost 5 years, and was thrilled when she opened Acure.  I don't trust anyone else to touch my hair.  She does a great eyebrow wax, too.The atmosphere is laid back and relaxing, and I'm always greeted promptly and offered a drink.  Everyone who works at Acure is nice--there are no attitudes here.  They will even run outside for you and put change in the parking meter.   The environmentally friendly aspect of the salon is a huge plus, and contributes to the positive vibes there.  When I leave with freshly dyed hair, it smells like grapes, not chemicals.   Amanda also did hair for my wedding.  She created a complicated braided updo that came out just gorgeous.Best of all, they don't charge an arm and a leg, which means I can actually afford to keep my hair in tip-top shape.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,9/25/2012,138,275,3,5,4>Thanks to the glowing reviews by Anna E., I have decided to visit this place.  Twice!Sushi California is truly a hidden gem in the Stop & Shop plaza.  The decor is simple, yet elegant.  I like the green tea colored walls.  The atmosphere is intimate and comfortable.  Great for dates!All of the rolls are great!  Last night, my boyfriend and I had the Love Boat!  Given our huge appetites, we were given so much sushi that we had the rest for breakfast this morning!  And we were served miso soup and salad as well!Our waitress (the petite blonde) was very attentive and composed.  She took the time to explain the fishes on our boat tray.  I thought she was one of the best waitresses I have met in a long time.I found that bringing your own alcoholic beverage was an awesome idea.  We didn't have to worry about the exorbitant costs of marked-up alcohol normally found in restaurants.  Another friendly waitress uncorked our wine bottle.The Restaurant.com coupon certainly helped us defray the cost.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,9/24/2012,95,659,2,5,3>Buffet for lunch time was superb.  Parking can be a bit of a pain, make sure you bring money for the meters.  I like indian places that aren't afraid to put different things on the buffet, and aren't afraid to use spices and not "tone it down" for the american crowd.Vegetable Biryani was fantastic, as was the Paneer Makahni.  Chicken Tikka Masala was a bit on the dry side, but the sauce was velvety and light.  Tandoori Chicken was dry also, but had great carmelization on the outside and hint of smoky flavor that i enjoyed.  Naan was out of this world, and they only kept about 4 pieces of the buffet line, so it was coming out fresh every 5 minutes, so fresh in fact you could still see the ghee glistening on top of it.My only complaint is that they had "indian chicken wings", however they tasted just like regular "out of the bag" buffalo wings, nothing indian about them. -1 star.I'll be back. $12 for the lunch buffet w/ tax & tip.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,9/23/2012,23,731,1,7,4>I decided to come here because I saw the reviews on Yelp and it was kind of a last minute thing for my friend, Devin and , Joe C. (of Yelp). Well, thanks to Yelp I made a GREAT last minute decision.I bought the cake at 3pm, but it was actually ready by 2pm. Then I had it in my car, fortunately in air condition. I brought it to my friend's beach house, put it in the fridge and had the cake by around midnight. The birthday cake read "Happy Birthday Devin and Joe" with her name in pink and his name in blue. On the cake were flowers, some of them made in icing form the other were in wafer form (it kind of made me think of Catholic Holy Communion wafer taste). Little did anyone know that that white covered cake was............RED VELVET! O.M.G. should I say in internet words! O.........M..........G!!! This cake was sooooooo friggin' good! The best part of the cake was the Red Velvet, the sponge cake part. It was soooooooooo MOIST! I could not believe it! The cake was rich in flavor AND moist!!! The frosting on the inside and out I believed were different. I didn't really notice any cream cheese, but I some what recall both the outer and inner lay of frosting to be subtly different, so it may have been cream cheese. For $20 dollars, this somewhat custom made cake fed all 8 of us. They said it normally feeds 6 to 10 people, so for our group we managed to save I think two slices.Everyone at the beach house enjoyed it. Rolf L., Stephanie, and Joe C. (all of Yelp) said they will be writing a review and giving this place 4 maybe 5 stars!Modern Pastry? You all did a GREAT job!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,9/22/2012,58,234,,2,3>Breakfast here is amazing!  They offer several variations of eggs Benedict, which are amazingly delicious.  I split the Kentucky Bene with my boyfriend.  We were both full, but still fought each other for rights to the last swipe of gravy on the plate.  The Bene comes with a side of the prettiest homefries you will ever see.  They are little colored blocks of delicious.  Everything on their menu sounded fantastic.  I feel like (and have been told) that you just can't go wrong there.  They also serve mimosas to pair with whatever fabulous dish you finally decide on.  For what we got, I thought the price was completely fair.  I cannot wait to go back again to try another Bene on the list!
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,9/21/2012,25,68,,6,4>Avon Indian Grill is one of my favorite Indian restaurants in the area.  I had gone there years ago in one of its previous incarnations, and I remember the food being decent.  Now, the food is amazing.The restaurant itself is pretty chic - a great place for a date or celebration.  It's small and intimate, with dim lights and modern furniture and decorations.  They have a full bar and a decent wine selection (I have found that many other Indian restaurants in the area are a bit lacking in terms of wine quality).  But really, all of this is second fiddle to the food.The food!  I'm a big fan of spice so when I ask for my vindaloo spicy, I mean it.  Avon Indian Grill delivers - certainly not the spiciest I've had, but definitely enough to work up a sweat.  Every dish I have tried (vindaloo, saag, madras, phaal, and bhuna - chicken and lamb) has been delicious.  Not greasy, deep rich flavor, ample amount of meat, and plenty of sauce to mix with rice or naan.  Oh, and the naan!  Deliciously pillowy yet crisp, not too buttery, and great smoky flavor (try the garlic naan!).  The service here is exceptional.  The waitresses I have had are always incredibly attentive and happy to answer any questions or make recommendations.  My water glass was always full and I never feel rushed.  On a few occasions, the waitress has brought out a miniature complimentary mango lassi (yum!).  Another time, when I brought my mother for her birthday, the waitress brought out a mini molten chocolate cake with a candle, also on the house.  These little gestures make it clear that the restaurant's owners and staff care about their patrons and seek to not only deliver delicious food, but an overall great experience, too.  A bit pricey, but it's certainly worth it!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2012,9/20/2012,59,250,,3,2>We love this great new shop on Main Street.  We've been to NoRa a couple of times now and have yet to be disappointed.  The first time was just to try them out; now we pick up a half dozen whenever we have company or are going to someones house for dinner.  They never fail to delight, as they are delicious.Some reviewers mentioned the price.  I agree that $4 is expensive, if you are going to compare them to grocery store cupcakes.  But for bakery cupcakes that are inventive, interesting and delicious, $4 is more than reasonable.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/19/2012,122,106,4,5,2>WOW!!I started my meal with a little combo plate of grilled beef heart, tripe and chicken gizzards.  I will get this every time i go back... It was fantastic!!The chicha mirada (blue corn drink) was delightful!My ceviche was fantastic.  Medium hot with a rich lime base, tender fresh seafood and very authentic!!I plan on trying everything on the menu here eventually.The staff was super helpful and nice,My only negative was a slightly messy restroom.Oh and the flan was very grainy and heavy... Makes me think it was from a mix but im not sure.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,9/18/2012,23,29,2,4,4>I just love this place.  My husband used to live right down the street so we'd go here all the time.  The only thing holding me back from giving this 5 stars is the fact that on weekdays, parking is next to impossible and it's pretty crowded for lunch.  They do have great lunch specials, though, for $8.95 (I think) which include an appetizer as well.  Oh - they've also decreased their portion sizes recently, which I was disappointed about. *For the same food without the parking hassle, try Thai Palace in Bloomfield, or Tamarind in Wethersfield - same owners*Some highlights : Pork Dumpling appetizer - You get 6 big, juicy dumplings with the owner's homemade dipping sauce. I don't know what he puts in it, but it is incredible. Lab Gai - spicy minced chicken with lime and cilantro.  This is probably my favorite dish.  It's like fireworks in your mouth.  Now, you only get half of what you used to, but it's still good..Drunken Noodles (with beef) - Soooo goood. The seasoning is just amazing and every time I get this, I leave very satisfied.  I don't think the portion size changed for this one which is a huge plus. Mango with sweet sticky rice - Exactly what it sounds like.  Always hits the spot, although I wouldn't get it when it's not mango season. I realize that I could really go on forever if given the time, but those are my favorites.  I'm excited to try their new restaurant in Wethersfield though!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,9/17/2012,38,41,,8,2>Bolo is a charming little place for breakfast.  A combination of cute and cheap all wrapped with a nice touch of eccentricity. I fell in love after having breakfast there.  It's such a great place for an intimate breakfast.  I loved my experience here, the food was great, in flavor and portions.  Food: This has to be one of the cheapest places around that services breakfast. Usually when I have a fruit salad outside of the house the fruit is often ready to spoil. Each melon was sweet and crunchy.  The staff will customize and tweet your breakfast just the way you like it. I love that the food here isn't greasy, most breakfast places have no concept of light on the grease. Price:Phenomenal prices! This place is cheap for breakfast, you can easily leave the place paying under $15 for a breakfast for two.  Really you don't need to save up for a trip here. If I could I'd eat breakfast here daily because it price is equivalent to a McD's breakfast. Service:Friendly and attentive but they gave us space. Mugs were filled. Parking:Street parking. I guess it never hurts to practice your parallel parking skills. Luck for me the street wasn't busy at all.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,9/16/2012,80,144,3,9,3>It was my birthday and my husband wanted to celebrate the occasion at Millwrights so he happened to reserve the table online. The staff called on that morning to confirm the table reserved for dinner. Our reservation was at 8pm and we happened to reach there a little early. By 8 we were seated at the table. There are plenty number of waiters and waitresses. To start off we had the sparkling wine. In the meantime we were served with some warm corn bread with some butter. I dont have words to explain the texture of this bread, it  just melted in my mouth. The butter was that of the almond flavor, this was just perfect to eat that scrumptious bread with.   Later we ordered Avocado fritters n Tomato Sandwich. The fritters looked to "Fit for a King".  The Tomato sandwich was very exclusively arranged on the plate. It never looked like a sandwich. This had some two to three variety of  cherry tomatoes. The bread was thin, narrow and crispy. Also had a little cheese. For the entreé we decided to share and ordered a portion of Ferro. I guess this was Barley dish. The barley was cooked in a creamy sauce and had colorful garnishing. This dish was very unique in its seasonings and the creamy textured sauce.For the dessert we opted for the Berry Trifle. The custard was so creamy and was balanced right to match the berries. As it was my birthday they lite a candle on the trifle and "Happy Birthday" was written on the serving plate. I just loved it!There stands a small bar in the dinning area.The menu is vegetarian / vegan friendly. The waitress who was at our table mentioned that food could be customized according to our preference. The right place to glorify any special occasion. The interiors and the ambience is classy. The staff is so impressive and courteous. They also have an outdoor seating space where the water flows below. They have a private parking space. Outside they have a small waterfall which makes this restaurant even more special and unique. I cant wait for another special occasion to go back.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,9/15/2012,57,93,1,4,1>Typically I find yogurt places to be an overpriced novelty (::cough::Pinkberry::cough::) not worth a second trip.Sweet Frog is the exception. My brain knew this was yogurt, but my tastebuds were convinced it was soft serve. The flavor options are numerous and delicious. Ask for a sampling cup or two so you can try out flavors. The joy of the DIY process here is the ability to put more than one yogurt flavor in a cup. My friend mixed coconut and chocolate, and I put coconut and banana together.You put the yogurt in the cup, and you add the toppings - as generously or stingy as you want. Don't miss the hot fudge and other liquid topping options. The staff was very friendly, the building was very clean, and the outdoor seating options were perfect. We'll be back!
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/14/2012,46,93,1,3,3>The tamales were off the hook, so moist and tasty.  The crispy chips & fresh salsa were excellent.They offer an Americanized version of burritos by adding sour cream and cheese, but trust me the rice so super tasty that you don't need it!  My carne asada taco was a little dry ( I wish they offered a salsa verde) but flavorful.  Also, this is the only place I know of in CT that serves Horchata de Arroz (a Mexican cinnamon rice milk), such a yummy drink. I also had a fresh lime-ade that was insanely addictive and different (salty ?)I'm so happy I read the Yelp reviews and found this little gem!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,9/13/2012,51,26,3,5,3>Took my mom to A Dong after work today. She made me some chili condiments made with dried radishes and shrimps when she came over to visit. I love anything spicy, so I have been eating it with everything. She wants to make me some more before she leaves, so I took her here, the only place I can think of around the area that carries the ingredients she needs. She found everything she needed and couldn't stop commenting that this store has got everything. Coming from an Asian mom, that does meant something. She even bought two bags of rice flour to take home with her. Also, this is the only place I can find around West Hartford that carries small red chili peppers that is hotter than Jalapenos but more tolerable than Habanero, the right kind of spicy for me. Three things I don't like about A Dong: 1) it smells a little funky when you walked in, 2) fresh goods (meats, fishes, veggies and fruits are pretty lousy, 3) One section of the frozen food I will not approach. If you are looking for dried, canned, seasonings, condiments, and snacks from Asia (especially South East Asia) there is no other place like A Dong around the area. Despite it's shortcomings,  my life would be a little less complete without it.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,9/12/2012,42,21,3,5,3>This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Hartford. The downside is that they don't deliver. The upside is that they are fast and even ordering goo-gobs of food, they've been able to handle my large order with only one missing egg roll in years of coming here. (Their egg rolls are awesome, by the way. It was a huge loss for me. I drove back to pick it up.)I judge Chinese restaurants on their ability to prepare my favorite Chinese food meal: Chicken with Broccoli and pork fried rice. It's not exactly the hardest meal on the menu, but you'd be surprise how many places mess it up. Hartford #1 nails it. The dish, like their others on the menu, is delicious without giving you the greasy, weighed down feel that many places give you. It's just the right amount of decadence after a hard day's work. This isn't a sit down place. There's a booth for you to wait for your food, two fridges for sodas and the cooks behind a high counter. If you're looking for ambiance, this isn't the place (like most of my favorites, it seems). I've never had a problem in the neighborhood myself, but I guess it's a little jarring if you've never been there before. But it's well known that this is some of the best Chinese in the City so don't be surprised if you see some boys in blue hanging out as well as people wearing anything from du-rags and baggy jeans to people in 3-piece suits. It's the best and everyone knows it.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,9/11/2012,86,169,4,5,3>I'd noticed the high regard other Yelpers have for Haveli India, so I finally made the effort to try it out. It's on the far side of town for me, and I'd mostly noticed it while going by on the way to and from Points South of Middletown.It was pretty quiet on a Tuesday evening in July, and a server found a table for us quickly. He was very attentive to us through the evening, and smiling and pleasant as well.We decided to share a two person appetizer among the three of us called the Sabzi Platter. It's a selection of vegetables, all of them batter-coated and deep fried. They were all quite good, though some benefited from the extra seasoning provided in the chutney dishes.My daughter enjoyed one of her favorite dishes, chicken saag, while my son went for keema matter, a minced lamb and pea curry. I ordered a chicken dish which, I regret to say, isn't listed on their online menu, and I can't remember its name. A lot of its flavor came from roasted spices, and that gave it a really distinctive taste. If it were music, it would be the bass notes; if it were art, it would be the deep colors. I don't think I've eaten anything else like it.Up to this point, everything was quite good, and I was happy. Then I reached for the plate of naan, and my eyes sprang open with the first bite. It was exceptionally light, with another layer of flavor that blew my mind. I'm a naan fan any day, but this was superb. Bravo.Up to this point, I'd been looking for an excuse to get to Haveli India. I don't need one any more. My taste buds will drag me back!
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,9/10/2012,108,203,,4,1>After three, long years in school, today I accomplished my goal--I passed the NCLEX and now am officially an RN! A celebration dinner was indeed necessary and this place was on my short-list of choices to have that special dinner at. Very rarely do Tom and I get to go all out, but that is what we in fact did here tonight and it was truly one of the best dining experiences we've had yet.We got caught in some awful traffic on the way to J. Gilberts and thankfully when I called to let them know and to see if they could hold our table, the hostess was kind and understanding, assuring us that we would still have our table. Upon arrival, we were escorted to a small booth and ice water filled our glasses. Our server came over and he was professional, efficient and personable. After taking our drink orders (wine for me, beer for Tom), warm sourdough bread was brought to the table with whipped butter and a "pastrami" butter--the bread was perfectly crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.Our first course arrived shortly thereafter--fried calamari with carrots, jalapenos, served with a side of creole remoulade and a sweet and sour sauce--calamari was perfectly done, not rubbery at all, and the sauces complimented the dish very well. Salads came next--caesar for Tom, baby greens for me--nice portions, both nicely presented and not overdressed like can happen at some places.Now the important part--the entrees. Tom went with the 16oz prime angus KC strip, garlic broccolini and lobster mac and cheese. The steak was cooked perfectly to his liking, was tender and flavorful, the broccolini was firm yet tender with a nice added touch of the garlic pieces and the lobster mac and cheese had nice decent sized chunks of lobster in it (Sheri, they must have heard your note from our last visit!). For my dinner, I chose the 6oz filet mignon with the salt baked potato and grilled asparagus. The filet was also cooked perfectly and tasted great, the potato was huge and was loaded up with all my favorite toppings and the asparagus was fresh had a nice seasoning on it.As full as we were, we could not celebrate without rounding the night out with dessert. The chocolate velvet cake was our choice and it was perfectly rich and buttery. A stellar evening all around--service and timing were impeccable, food was sumptuous, and the company of my wonderful husband and the reason we were out celebrating made the night that much sweeter.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,9/9/2012,53,114,2,11,6>Don't you love the people here that have only one review on Yelp and give a place 1 or 2 stars?  I do believe that I could have a 5 star experience and others have a 2... but I'm not sure how you couldn't  have a great experience here!Decor - Trendy... nice... clean...Service - Outstanding.  Our server tonight was Surf and she was terrific. Food.  There were four of us tonight.  We had drinks, appitizers, entrees and dessert.  So, I should be able to talk about all the services!  The appitizers were great!  Chicken wings were perfect, the flat bread was very good... fresh, crispy - delicious!  Our meals were amazing.  I have no idea how this place gets skirt steak (which I love) so tender.  I have never had better... tender... skirt steak!  The steak was outstanding!  It came with roasted garlic, waffle fries and your own little ketchup!  Presentation of food here is wonderful as well.  One other of our party had a cheesburger that they loved!  for desert we had (I believe it was called) sweets under glass.  Basically an assortment of all kinds of delicious desserts.  Coffee afterwards was wonderful too.I will go back!  You should give this a try.  It's really terrific!  I would make reservations - the word is out on this place!
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,9/8/2012,14,72,,7,1>Came here with my girlfriend on St. Patrick's Day before going to the Bushnell for a concert - maybe the best day of the year to go out for Italian food, the place was almost empty at 6 p.m. on Saturday (but started to fill up after a while). We were seated immediately and guided to a table by the window overlooking "scenic" Franklin Ave. This may be billed as a historic area  of Hartford, but in reality it is a fairly low-income part of town with all the trimmings. This didn't bother us at all, and it's definitely not as bad as I've heard others make it out to be, but if you're looking for Victorian charm you might be disappointed. They do have their own private lot, so you shouldn't have to worry about parking on the street.I had wine and an appetizer while my girlfriend stuck with a cocktail. The waiter - a friendly, elderly Italian gentleman - helped me navigate the wine menu and pick something that would go well with the food. Foreshadowing the rest of the meal, the fried calamari appetizer was delicious and easily big enough to share. For the main course, I had the linguine with crab meat, clams, and shrimp, while my girlfriend went with the linguine and clam sauce. Both were outstanding and the portions were massive. I've never had so much food put in front of me at a restaurant. I ate my fill and then some, and still had enough for a meal the next day.We both really liked the ambiance of the place and the staff was sincere and helpful. Our waiter returned several times over the course of the dinner and made sure we had everything we needed. He was intent on us enjoying ourselves - noticing that my girlfriend was sipping her drink slowly, he offered to make her a new one if she didn't like it. There's a fine line between good service and being overbearing, but we appreciated the attentiveness. One negative is that the tables are pretty small, especially for the amount of food that you get. We found ourselves juggling plates and dishes of food a couple times. This is a minor concern though, and we definitely plan on returning!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,9/7/2012,1182,148,2,6,4>Great service, friendly, attentive, smiles. Thy seem to be trained to see what you need, not get you in an get you out. They refilled my water multiple times as I was finishing my glass. That goes a long way with me when someone is there to make sure your water is always filled as well as dishes are cleared as needed. The fish was presented nicely and fresh and flavorful. The Angel Roll as well as the regualr old spicy tuna rolls are a must try. Spicy and delicious. Was here for lunch, bit I will defiantly return for dinner. The sushi and rolls were great. I'm impressed with this place so far, and what was even better the yelp check in coupon got my 15% off the bill. Ill see how thongs are on my next trip, But I think they'll pass the test again!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,9/6/2012,3,94,3,7,4>I moved from the West Coast a few years ago and have had a really hard time finding a salon as good as the one I used to go to. I have been on the lookout for someone willing to be a little more creative and less "townie", if you know what I mean. This is that salon. I read the reviews for this salon and decided to give it a try. Called the front desk to make an appt and told the women I spoke with that I didn't want a "mommy" cut, which is what I got from my last guy (it wasn't a bad cut, just not what I was looking for). She totally understood and put me with Kim by the coming weekend. She sat down with me and asked some great questions about what I was looking for and what I could do every day. I told her that I was looking for someone willing to take some chances and she was pretty excited. Things I like best about this salon: they do a LOT of continuing education. This is really good if you are looking for more current styles or coloring. The salon is very well thought out and offers many services beyond haircuts. New customers get a discount, so tell them I sent you and go see Kim if you go. She's amazing! I usually wait a few days to see if I like a cut and this one is great. Just what I was looking for. Definitely will go back and will recommend this place to others--possibly even the husband. Easy parking behind the salon and it's a beautiful space.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,9/5/2012,281,121,2,3,7>So we were doing some Sunday afternoon shopping at West Farms mall and wanted to find somewhere with outdoor seating so we could enjoy the gorgeous spring weather, and I spent the waiting time at the mall furiously reading yelp reviews to find the best choice.  As much as I love Plan B, I know outdoor seating is limited and the wait is unpredictable, plus with the wifey pressuring me to try something new The Half Door seemed like a solid choice based on the glowing reviews by the seasoned Yelp Elite reviewers Emily C. and Sahn A.  Gastro pub fare and extensive beer selection here we come!!We snagged a table outside and while it was a little noisy due to its close proximity to Sisson Ave and its numerous Harley riders, but we didn't mind because it just feels so good when those rays of sunlight keep you warm as you down a tasty Belgium triple.  Our waitress was really sweet and attentive and everything came out super fast.  The three of us split the Irish nachos appetizer, which came with fresh fried potato chips and was a nice gastro pub twist to this standard pub app.  There was a mound of pureed black beans hidden in the center, with big pieces of bacon, tomato, red onion, sour cream and cheddar cheese sauce generously distributed throughout.  A tasty nachos appetizer and perfect for sharing. For our meals we all went the sandwich route.  My wife got the portobello sandwich, which was juicy, flavorful and pretty damn fantastic.  The grilled portobello mushroom cap was very thick and moist, and the basil mayo coupled with the fire roasted peppers, melted provolone cheese, crispy red onions on rustic, toasted bread provided a great contrast of bold flavors and textures that made me have intense food envy that I didn't order this. But fortunately my wife only ate half of her sandwich, which means I was able to devour every last bite of her uneaten sandwich.  She really is the better half of this relationship in every sense of the word!  I got the reuben of athenrye with pastrami, which was also quite good. The pastrami was thinly sliced and this totally fulfilled my messy reuben fantasies after reading the description on the menu.  Our friend got the bacon cheeseburger, which she enjoyed but she was the only smart one of our trio to get the fries. Don't be foolish and try to go all healthy with the mixed mesclun salad route, because the fries here are perfectly executed with that crunchy outside and creamy inside.  Plus they're thin sticks of potatoes, so you feel like you're eating less with each fry.  That's healthy eating, right??This place would totally be my go to Irish pub if I didn't live 45 min away in New Haven.  It really has everything you want from your local watering hole; quality cheap eats, a wide selection of reasonably priced beers, and a friendly, fun crowd.  Plus I saw the table next to us get their beer tasting passport stamped, which leads me to believe that this place has a loyal following.  And I'd gladly be one of those numerous followers if this silly distance thing didn't get in the way!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,9/4/2012,357,375,,5,5>Napoli is probably my favorite pizza in the Meriden/Wallingford area. There's just something about the cheese - it's thicker than cheese on other pizzas, but it's the perfect amount of thickness for this pizza; salty, but not too salty; and it's got that perfect amount of chewiness. The crust is thin - like a New York-style - and it has a good crunch and smokey flavor. The sauce tastes really fresh - like it's nothing but tomatoes - and there's a good amount of it. I treated myself to a lovely cheese pizza just for me after my last day of classes this semester, and my brother and I picked up one for dinner this week. Napoli is definitely at the top of our list of places to order, and we're looking forward to stopping in to eat there this summer. When we went to pick up our pizza this week, we noticed some nice outdoor seating, and the indoor dining area also looks very welcoming. I once picked up a calzone during the school year, and while it was good, I think I prefer the pizza. Also, I'm not sure if it's because they were out of boxes, or if it wouldn't fit in a pizza box, but I got it wrapped in foil inside a paper bag. It was kind of hard to carry because it was so hot and flimsy, and I was afraid of cheese grease getting on my car seat. If I want a calzone again, I'd probably order one and eat it there. But I'm more likely to stick to the pizza.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,9/3/2012,28,66,4,6,2>Um, yes please.  Fall-off-the-bone ribs + ridiculous gumbo + the best mac and cheese ever + sweet cornbread = heaven.  This was one of the best meals (and most likely will contribute to my future heart attack) I have had in a while. It was a pretty quiet evening, so maybe that contributed to our good service, but we had no complaints on that front.  The atmosphere was fun, and a band was getting ready to play.  There was a cover to sit in the band area, but you could hear them play anywhere in the restaurant, so if you're okay with not feeling the sweat dripping off their faces, I wouldn't pay the cover.The menu has a decent amount of options for a Cajun BBQ joint, and I can't wait to go back to try the fried chicken or that grilled cheese hamburger thing.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,9/2/2012,617,380,3,5,5>This place is friggin awesome! Came here with my fiancé for dinner. There was a 25 minute wait so we sat in the spacious bat/lounge area and ordered drinks. They offer free fresh popcorn while u wait. Yummm. The bartender accidentally poured my fiancé an extra beer and let us keep it on the house Score! LolOur waitress Cage was a ball of enthusiasm and knowledge. She asked of this was our first time when we said yes she said it won't be your last and boy was she right! We ordered a little neck clam appetizer. I don't usually like fresh clams b/c they taste too much like the ocean lol These didn't, which worked for me but not for my fiancé the clam connoisseur who says beachy= fresher. The fresh baked bread was AMAZING! Extra soft ob the inside, crispy but not hard on the outside, warm and yummy with your choice of an Italian or honey wheat loaf. It was so great that after our initial loaf I tried to resist when the entrees came, but ordered a fresh loaf after our meals were almost done lolAll entrees come with a house salad with your choice of several dressings; rice, fries or a baked potato, and a pasta salad or cold slaw. I got the house salad with the optional mushrooms and onions and the Greek with feta cheese dressing. Yummm. I usually skip my side salad so save room for entree but this one was too good to leave on the table! My entree was the lighter side portion of the lazy man's lobster (fresh pulled lobster meat).  For a lighter side portion there was plenty of lobster!My fiancé got the surf and turf with fried shrimp and a medium steak. Cage also offered us some "secret sauce" on the side with tasted delicious with the steak. We were so full from dinner that we didn't have room for dessert, but from the taste of everything else I'm sure it's yummm : )
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2012,9/1/2012,23,65,4,8,4>Let me start out with my sure-to-become-usual disclaimer; I'm not giving Nat Hayden's five stars, only because I think a five-star rating should be reserved for total mind-blowing culinary or service experiences. So, moving on to the review...I stopped in yesterday at the peak of lunch hour. This was only the second time I've visited. Most of the sidewalk tables were already taken, but there were plenty of places to sit inside in the small, dark, windowless cavern ("plenty" meaning, all three or four tables were empty, as it was an 80 degree day in March...who the hell would want to sit inside in the dark?). I grew up in Florida, so "Southern style" barbecue is one of my favorite things on this planet. If you've eaten at the old "Fat Boys" or the roadside bbq joints down south, you know what I'm taking about. Nat Hayden's comes darn close to that Southern perfection as far as the smoked brisket and pulled pork are concerned. Some of the best I've had since moving back to New England. I haven't tried the other offerings, like baby back ribs, or chicken, or the blackened catfish hoagie (definitely next on my list -- but don't they call it a Po Boy down south?), but I have to assume they are as adept at these as they are with their other signature dishes. Their sauces are awesome, the sides of greens and red beans with rice are outstanding, the cornbread is moist and perfect for sopping up some of that extra sauce. What's not to love? Okay, so here's where I run into (very minor) problems with Nat Hayden's...I guess this is more like South Carolina bbq, not the other "Southern" style I grew up with. For me, a brisket sandwich just isn't 100% unless it's served on toasted garlic bread (Nat's puts it on a big sesame seed white-bread bun). And where is my side of baked beans? Mmm...Fat Boys would throw the brisket ends into the beans for added flavor (just a step away from Brunswick Stew -- a wonderful concoction of leftovers that is a staple at any deep-south bbq).My preference for garlic bread and  baked beans are my own issues, granted. But if you're a bbq junkie stuck in Connecticut, I'm not sure you'll find much better in this part of the country. Nat Hayden's prices are reasonable, the portions are enormous, the crew is friendly, and the service quick. Do pay heed to the other reviews...very little seating. Don't plan on date-night before a movie. Other than that, consider this a five-star review. Maybe I'll formally add number five after I try the catfish Po Boy...er, hoagie.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,8/30/2012,68,200,,3,3>The lure of a trip to East West is one of the few things that will cause me to willingly make a Home Depot Run.  Him: "we need to go to home depot for some [fill in the blank]"Me: "only if we go to east west after."Him: "ok!"In the sitcom of my life, this is my "Cheers."  We eat in this quirky little diner turned Thai restaurant all the time, and it's good every single time.  Totally reliable, affordable (check those coupon mailers you always throw away without reading for coupons valid M-Th), and tasty.  It can run chilly from A/C in warmer months and from lack of heat in colder months, so I suggest layers in all seasons if you run cold.Fave dishes:Drunken Noodles with veg/tofuTom Yum soup with vegSom Tum (papaya salad) - medium spicyBasil Stifry with vegBrown riceMango w/sticky riceYum.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,8/29/2012,81,208,,6,3>I've belonged to a gym for years and it's boring.It wasn't working for me and I needed something else. So I tried MELT.They offer one free week and after that week I was hooked. I even think I noticed a difference after the first week (small and positive is still good).I love my boot camp classes and the instructors and fellow boot campers are very friendly. If you're ready to get serious about getting in shape and increasing your health, this just might be the place for you.The classes are only 30 minutes long so it's a quick work out. But quick does not equal easy. You're going hard the whole 30 minutes with proper encouragement and attention from the trainer to keep going and/or increase the difficulty when she or he sees it's too easy for you.You're not self-conscious at all because you're so busy trying to get through each station you could give a heck less what every one else is doing.There are classes in Glastonbury, South Windsor, and Harwinton.They offer kids classes, too.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,8/28/2012,15,136,5,4,3>Long day at work?  Not feeling appreciated?  Come to Le's.  It's like a footrub for the soul.  I came here planning to place a takeout order, run an errand, and then come back for my food.  That errand never happened.  I got sucked in.The inside of the building is nice, clean, and decorated like your grandmother's yard.  Very inviting.  Before I could even look through the takeout menu, I had a chair pulled out for me.  Within seconds, I had a glass of iced tea and a piece of cake in front of me.  This was all performed by the kindest, most sincerely happy woman you'll be seeing for probably ever.  I'm satisfied with "hey, I'm being nice and polite because you're my customer."  But, this was genuine.  This was somebody who was actually happy to serve you and make sure you left with a smile.So, I eat my cake, drink my tea, and grab my takeout order.  The wait was short, and I didn't mind it one bit.  It was $9.75, but she told me to only give her $9.  Now, I'm up to one free glass of iced tea, one free piece of cake, and a $0.75 discount.  Solid.  I get home, open the bag, and BHAM!  Two more pieces of cake are sitting right on top.  Now, we're up to $0.75, a glass of iced tea, and three pieces of cake.  I'm assuming it was because I'm pretty.Okay, now onto the actual food.  The noodles were a lot broader than I'm used to.  It could have just been linguini, but it tasted fine.  I was impressed with the chilis.  At the last place I got pho, I was given two slices of pepper for a large order.  At Le's?  A bushel.  Okay, maybe not a bushel, but a good-sized bundle of sliced chili.  Everything else was fresh, and the sriracha was proper.  So far, so good.  Now, I hate to say this, but it wasn't the best broth I've had in my limited pho experience.  Please don't take that as me saying it was bad.  It just wasn't the best I've had.  It was a little bland, but still good overall.  However, the beef was excellent.  There was a ton of it, and it had a sweet, barbeque flavor.Honestly, I'd come back to Le's if all they served was dry toast.  You're treated like a welcome guest, and the food is good, too.  The next time I come here, it'll be for a sitdown meal.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,8/27/2012,24,72,2,3,3>Being on vacation allows for us to try a few different places we have been meaning to get to.  This was one of them, and boy was I grateful we stopped in here.  They fit us in, but I would highly recommend reservations to avoid the awkward moment when the hostess tries to find you a seat.  They were very accommodating, and the staff was pleasant.  We tried a selection of salumi which was outstanding!  This accompanied by a nice glass of Riesling.  They actually had a whiskey list, which is nice to see.  Often times the waitstaff just tries to rattle off what they can recall or says, what do you want and I will see if we have it...  The bread was awesome, followed by an even more pleasing entrees.  I got the fennel sausage rigatoni and it was delicious.  I am not usually a fan of ordering pasta, but the pasta was fresh made and perfectly prepared.  Two thumbs on this dish for sure.  My husband got the pork dish, which was equally appetizing.  They had an interesting twist on deserts to offer too.  I chose the afogato which was a scoop of vanilla gelato with a shot of espresso.  Simply amazing!Overall, tight quarters, but still welcoming.  It doesn't get too loud so you can actually enjoy a good conversation with your meal.  Surely a pleasant experience which comes with a high recommendation.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2012,8/26/2012,115,309,,11,5>Club - Restaurant .... club-by and currently very hopping. Wow! Friday nights are busy.   Swamped with 25 to 35 year old folks, some people coming in up to 50 or so but I think that was the top end, the music was jamming and everyone seemed to be jovial and liking being crammed in together.  Our party of 5 waited around an hour for a table.  The menu was interesting.  All the typical Mexican, and a few surprises.  An assortment of rice bowls for example.  I ordered a rice bowl, with Duck.  The duck was very good and I liked the brown rice.  Everything was served when it was ready, family style.   Clearly they do tacos well, in addition the plantains were yummy, enchiladas were authentic, and the grilled corn was tasty.This space was a maternity clothing store in it's most recent former life.  The renovation was very extensive, and well done using very interesting materials, the result is airy and natural feeling.I thought they have an Interesting glassware scheme.  Three styles of glassware.  Collins, High Ball and Martini Glass.  Beer in bottles. The margarita presentation is very unmargarita like.  The margaritas are small - 9.50 the volume in the 10oz high ball glass they serve the margarita in is probably 5 oz of volume.   The margaritas are good, a bit small a bit pricey.The Collins glasses seemed to be primarily Mohito containers, but really any drink that requires that kind of preparation would get a Collins glass.Sheet pans - half sheet - mini sheets These serve as plates and delivery platforms for most of the tacos and may other dishes.  If you want plates to use if you are sharing, you will be handed a mini sheet pan.  These are lined with brown paper.  Very becoming.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,8/25/2012,312,447,3,9,6>TIsane has been with me through many stages of my Connecticut life.  It was the first place I had a meal when I moved to the area, alone with my books on the patio while soaking up the August sunshine, happily sipping iced tea, and enjoying my Tisane Cobb Salad (still a fav).  It became the place I'd go on dates when I was part of the singles scene prior to meeting my boyfriend.  During those days, it was also a place I'd go frequently on girl's nights.  Perhaps that's the reason why last night when I arrived, the first time in a long time, our waiter greeted me warmly saying, "I haven't seen you in so long!  How have you been!?"  I was surprised he remembered me because I know a lot of people go through those doors.  And that's one reason why love this place.Last night I brought a friend here for her birthday.  We both really like the General Tso's Chicken, with grilled chicken, and both get it almost every time we come together.  It's similar but different than this dish at Chinese restaurants, as the chicken is not battered and deep fried, but is grilled giving it a more pure texture and flavor.  The grilling process also adds a nice slightly charred, smokey taste where the grill marks are, which is nice coupled with the sweetness of the sauce.For dessert we shared the Bon Tons (molten rich dark chocolate filled crispy wonton skins on a bed of flamed rum bananas) and Vanilla Lemongrass Crème Brûlée: (a classic crème brûlée infused with a vanilla lemongrass tisane).  Yum.I enjoy going to Tisane at any time of the day or night.  The feel is slightly different depending on the time of day you go, but the atmosphere is always lively and full of energy.  It's always fun when we're there on a karaoke night.  As a side note, I really enjoyed the music they played last night, but it did get kind of loud and at times we had difficulty hearing each other.It doesn't bother me that service is slow because I am usually not in a rush when I am here, but my one complaint is that parking is a b*tch.  The parking lot is tiny and always seems to be full, and when street parking seems to all be taken, options are limited.  Friends of mine have gotten towed from parking across the street.  Not a fun thing to have to worry about when you're trying to enjoy yourself.Parking issues aside, still love it!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2012,8/24/2012,44,145,1,10,1>When this nail salon opened I was excited and nervous at the same time. This is close to where I live and would be super-convenient. However businesses on Main Street are not always shall we say...pretty.  There's another nail place down the street that has been there a few years but I've been afraid to go near it.  If there's anything I know--its pedicures. I usually get one every 2 to 3 weeks. I don't cut or color my hair, I don't really wear make up or fancy clothing--this is the one thing I do.I gave Happy Nails a chance on a Sunday afternoon and they hooked me.  I was sort of hesitant to write this because I don't want to give away my secret, but I also want them to be around for a long time-so here we go. First of all the place inside is very nice-its freshly painted with very nice details--I wasn't really expecting that. During my first visit I was the only client and thus I was able to listen to the relaxing music they had playing. The pedicure was pretty standard but they did put parafin wax on my heels, and I noticed the nice scents from the creams lasted longer on my legs than usual. I went a second time and brought my sister who doesn't get pedicures often and she had a good experience too--the owner worked on her and was very nice despite my sister's hesitations (and super short nails). It was a Saturday so there was a little wait but the owner went out of her way to shuffle people to get us in.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/23/2012,47,138,6,12,6>If someone told you that you could get homemade Italian food as good as you've ever had in your life but that you had to eat it in the basement of the Italian social club of Middletown would you accept the challenge?  If you say no, you need to read on and you've obviously never been to the Cantina Cafe.There are hidden gems in seeking out hole in the wall food spots, and there are HIDDEN GEMS.  This place takes the cake.  Unless you know the Cantina is there you'd never suspect the greatness going on in Chef Tomasso's kitchen.This place is so good I had my wedding rehearsal dinner here and no one left hungry or disappointed and they couldn't believe how good it all was.  The menu that day?Start with an unbelievable antipasto course featuring delicious sharp provolone cheese, plenty of salami and prosciutto and featuring some dynamite long hot peppers.  Also, great italian bread is served with it.  Best. Antipasto. Ever!!Then on to a full pasta course with a delicious homemade marinara.  You could stop here and go home satisfied.  But then the masterpiece emerged.Veal rollatini rolled and stuffed with mozzarella, prosciutto, and asparagus. Gigantic portions served family style, as is the entire meal.  You really can eat just one even though you want more!I've not run into Italian food in this state that is better than Cantina  And I eat out often.  Just go here if you want a great meal and plenty of food.  They also do have a regular menu where you can order all the standard Italian dishes but if you go with four or more people order family style.  You won't be sorry.To some of the negative reviews on here about the atmosphere?   If atmosphere is your goal, don't eat here.  If you want to be catered to by the staff, skip it. This is old school Italian.  Prices are fair and portions are huge.  It's all about the food and that's good enough for me.  Any questions?
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,8/22/2012,200,181,4,3,3>GET IN MY BELLY!!!!!!Thai Room. Where do I begin? This probably often overlooked gem is located in a dark corner of the strip mall off New Britain Ave (you know, by Cora Cora).The decor is what it is...it's not very Thai, it's not very American, it's not 80s/90s/00s...it is just...Thai Room.And yes, I'm going to go out there and say this is the best Thai I've eaten in West Hartford. All the others are "good" in comparison.Now on to the details:Each of my 3 other dining companions ordered something different and unique. One ordered the pot of Tom Yum Soup (which has my mouth watering thinking about it and came to the table on FIRE! no literally- girl on fire...soup on fire. You wait until it burns out to eat it). It wasn't extremely spicy which I completely enjoyed because my thoughts on Tom Yum Soup is most places amp up the spicy to cover up underdeveloped broth. This broth had the lemongrassy smooth flavor that Tom Yum Soup should have. Her's came with shrimp..were were perfectly cooked and flavorful.My other friend ordered the Thai Basil with beef which was a perfect combination of veggies and of course, bountiful Thai Basil. My husband ordered the Thai Beef Steak, which had the most AMAZING sauce.I ordered the Drunken Noodle. I'm usually a Stir Fry or Pad Thai kind of person - and I completely forgot Drunken Noodle is a spicy dish! I'm from the North...never really ate spicy food until college and really started liking Mexican food about 4 years ago. Suffice to say - my spice tolerance is LOW. But I drank about a pitcher of water and enjoyed all my Drunken Noodle had to offer - noodles that had great mouth-feel, a spicy (yes it WAS enjoyable...just had to take it one step at a time!), crisp veggies, and perfectly cooked chicken.THIS...is what I want Thai to be! And it's right here in W. Hartford!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,8/21/2012,69,136,,4,5>A brand new restaurant in the town of Manchester that sells wings, wings and more! You guys definitely have to check this gem  out . They are located next to Catsup & Mustard on Main Street , Manchester!Super busy day yesterday, waited in line to order some of the best wings around! The big reason why? According to their menu, Rockhouse BBQ & Wings are slow cooked the old fashion way, using a genuine hickory wood burning smoker! We hand rub and slow smoke our meats over hickory until it's crispy on the outside & juicy on the inside! Our large and juicy chicken wings and tenders are always fresh, Never Frozen...Well, you have me as a customer for life!!! Can't wait for NFL to start and have them Deliver them straight to my house too!!!!Only downside, there are only four tables inside and feels like the inside of a Chinese Take Out Restaurant because of the plain walls, and a tv.But don't let that stop you from experiencing some of the best wings West of The Tavern!!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,8/20/2012,55,59,1,3,2>we stumbled upon this little gem because they were playing a movie that nobody else was. wife and i played hooky and made the 12 noon matinee. first i have to point out that a better value would be impossible to find-  for two tickets it cost us a mere $10. that's right kids. 5 beans a ticket. there was virtually nobody else there which was kind of nice. we skipped concessions as we had plans for lunch immediately following the flick but i did scope out the prices as i was still in awe of our inexpensive entrance! small popcorn $3.50, small drink $3.00. what a steal! the facilities were clean, the staff was friendly, and overall a great experience. the only reason i didn't award 5 stars was that my the end of the movie my hiney was a little sore. i did miss the crazy comfortable seats you find in the gigantic theaters. i should also mention that they were advertising an 11pm showing of the rocky horror picture show coming in a few weeks. that, in my book, is worth it's weight in gold...or stars as it may be!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,8/19/2012,52,107,19,6,4>This would be the PERFECT little place to bring your online mistress. They might look at you strange pulling into a mostly empty, run down shopping plaza in the middle of nowhere - but once inside, you'll definitely get extra points for picking this place and she'll think all that sexting and lies you told her about making six figures is true. Best of all, your wife would NEVER think to look for you here. If she's a stalker wife, park over in the Stop & Shop parking lot and tell her you were finding her lip wax for 3 hours. Sleek, Modern atmosphere - quiet and full of great ambiance. The staff was friendly. I ordered a to-go dish just to try this new place. Being a complete hillbilly from Torrington, I didn't recognize anything on the menu - so I asked if they had any dishes that were similar to Peanut Chicken. They did. I waited near the door and watched all the dishes coming out from the kitchen. Really pretty presentations, it all looked very delicious - and the cheaters / customers were all enjoying their meals. A lot of MMMMmms and Ohhhhhs. I don't think they were just trying to turn each other on - I'm sure BIGpappa69 or YUMgirl00 sincerely enjoyed their meals as much as I enjoyed my Peanuty Chickenish Dish (insert Thai name here).It was a little expensive for a to-go dish - $14, but it was full of flavor and I'm psyched like the rest of the community that there's a wonderful new place to bring your spouse / date / hookup.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/18/2012,257,66,,6,2>I highly recommend this establishment if your stopping off 91 that you drive a couple extra miles after grabbing a bite to eat on Hazard ave and decide you want dessert. The scenery is picturesque, the service is awesome, and the ice cream is amazzzing!What to expect: views, cows, picnic tables, and a few mins of quietude as you admire nature. If you are local, great place to take the family after a long day. Dogs are welcome. :) Open 12-10 during the summerCash only!
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,8/17/2012,151,213,4,2,1>After searching for a proper yoga place to chaturanga my way to an upward dog, WHY has definitely been become my Ashram of choice in the Hartford area.  As they lure you in with the awesome deal of a $20 (and 64 cents, you will have to pay when you sign up) GroupOn for an unlimited month of yoga - you find yourself surprisingly bewitched by the comforts of the studio, instructors, diaphoretic euphoria, and the undeniable peace that comes with the practice of yoga.  It has one large studio and one small studio, a purified water machine, cubby holes, small shop and snack bar, bathrooms and changing rooms all designed with the aesthetics of zen-inspired earth tones and jewel tones. The studios are clean with cork panel floors and high-vaulted wood beamed ceilings surrounded by colors of harvest gold, jubilant purples and warm reds - a perfect place to mediate and practice your vinyasas.  Majority of the instructors are fabulous and create a friendly, non-intimidating atmosphere whether you've been practicing yoga lifelong or completely green to it. Instructors will challenge the advance yet encourage the noobs.They offer a wide range of classes from core/ab workouts, hot yoga, prenatal yoga, meditation and also offer spa/massage services. If you're curious but don't want to commit to a membership, twice a year they offer a free day of classes for everyone and you can always drop in to a daily $6 class to get your feet wet. New students only pay $40 for 1month of unlimited classes (without GroupOn).  After that you'll have to take out a loan to join at $99/month for unlimited classes (with a 3-month commitment) or $120 for 10-classes. I'm still soaking up my GroupOn, but it's so great that I might even consider several things. Panhandling, selling my hair or my dignity by performing sexual favors for money doesn't sound so bad if I can spend an invigorating hour and half 3 times a week sweating in close proximity to complete strangers in tight pants.  Sounds crazy only if you haven't done it!"I can do things at 45, not because I can do a bunch of pull-ups, it's because I do Yoga!" - Tony Horton, P90X
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,8/16/2012,803,1274,6,9,6>Went back tonight to see if its rating should change. This place has taken quite a beating on this website (especially from the filtered reviews)- what with people being  outraged because a) it isn't an Irish Pub, or b) it isn't a grill at all, or c) it only serves pizza. So let me ease on the brakes and talk about this matter first. I hardly consider myself a Farmington Valley Insider, I am not plugged into the local business community at all. But my wife and I absolutely knew 100% what the Colony Grill was before it even opened. All you have to do is a little research, read the articles on Avon Patch, check out the name on line, and you absolutely would know what Colony Grill is. So I discount some of the whining huffing and puffing over what Colony Grill was or was not spozed to be. People who walk into a restaurant without knowing what the restaurant is run the risk of being disappointed. Savvy consumers wouldn't do that. Especially in this day of smart phones and iPads and god knows what else.Anyway, we had a salad, several beers and a meatball/onion and a sausage/mushroom pizza. I liked the stinger peppers last time, but didnt want their spicy essence contaminating the other half of a pizza, so I ordered them as a "side". I ended up with a very generous portion of crazy spicy stingers. The three of us devoured everything except 2 slices. The pizza was out of this world great.I have a new favorite server- Madison. I asked her if I could mention her by name, and she said by all means. Whats amazing is that Madison remembered us from our first visit here a six weeks ago. She is an absolute delight, with a sparkling rainbow of a personality. I couldn't decide on my beer choice, so she offered me up a small sampling of an IPA, and then cheerfully brought over a Blue Moon when I gave thumbs down to the IPA. We also found out that there is menu news at Colony Grill - the addition of Sunday Brunch pizzas (Westeren Omelet, Bacon & Egg, Sausage, etc) from 9-1 on Sundays. We also learned that veterans get a free pizza on Memorial Day,We have become fans of Colony Grill - the pizza is terrific and the service, from Madison and her colleagues has been stellar, Be fair, and give them a try with an open mind. If you like pizza, I defy you not to say this is among the top 3 pizzas you have ever had.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/14/2012,397,324,7,10,5>I've been searching for French macrons for MONTHS or rather weeks. I was filled with excitement when I scored them at La Petite France this weekend. I went in for brunch and was totally shocked to see them there because on my last visit the display was empty. My advice is to arrive early, meaning before 9AM. Seriously the early bird gets the worm in this situation because after we ordered our crepes the place was flooded with people.  This is a cool place to people watch.  They have two single tables outside and many mix and match tables inside. It's a charming little place and very cozy when the place isn't full of people. I noticed that many of the patrons spoke French so that's a plus. I tried both savory and sweet crepes. Not a fan of the sweet crepes because they were too sweet for my taste. I LOVED the savory crepes, what an ingenious idea.  I had sweet crepes before and don't recall them tasting this way. I thought the fruit used was a tad too tart. I got mixed fruit, it could have been the crepe I selected but regardless save your money and get the savory crepes because those were wonderful. There are tons of toppings you can pick from to build your own or simply go with one of the model ones. Now onto my new love. I never had French macrons until I discovered Yelp. CT doesn't have too many French bakeries so this was an amazing find. I'm addicted to these colorful airy treats.  Right now they taste like the greatest thing ever invented. I was a tad disappointed these were minis.  These things were delicate but a tad on the pricy side. I'll seriously do anything for a peace of these girly sweets.  I think I've officially come to a haut on my cupcake search, its French macrons all the way from this day forward.   Upgrading my review because I finally found some Macrons here. Would be a 5 if the place was well stocked. Anyone wanting to impress me hint hint no need to waste your cash on anything just grab a few of these colorful snacks and I'll melt in your hands. For guy who wants to impress their craft loving / froyo eating girlfriend/ wife this is the place you'll find some macrons. Once she opens the bag she'll melt away and brag to her friends about how sensitive you are. I'm seriously in love with macrons.  After experiencing one my previous sour experienced was quickly forgotten. La Petite France Bakery is a pretty cool place. They host brunch for French students all over the place. I wish there were more places like this little bakery in CT.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,8/13/2012,175,385,1,6,4>It's been awhile since I've eaten at a bona fide 5 star restaurant.  It's a rare occasion when in the middle of the meal, you wish you had a 6th star to dole out.  2 Hopewell has a warm and inviting atmosphere, the service is top notch (without being pretentious), and the food takes a minimalist's approach, and it's something every chef would be smart to emulate--maximum flavor while letting the ingredients speak for themselves.For appetizer, I ordered the filet carpaccio-- 2 piece of beef, 2 large "croutons", and a delightful side salad with romano cheese.  Nothing extraneous on the plate, everything still looked artistic, and it tasted extraordinarily good.  My entree was a pan seared sea bass with butternut squash risotto and asparagus.  This dish sealed the 5 stars IMMEDIATELY.  There was this PERFECT crust on the bass (JUST crispy enough)... and the fish was cooked so perfectly, the bass was essentially melting in my mouth.  Seasoning was JUST right.  And the risotto was the PERFECT backdrop.  It complemented the fish-- brought its flavors out even more.  I will admit that my dessert wasn't as good as it looked-- my German apple pie came in a cute tart dish, but the crust around the pie was a bit soggy, which disappointed me a little.  I was expecting flaky crust!!  But... the dessert would have had to be AWFUL for me not to give this restaurant 5 stars.Well deserved 5 stars.
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,8/12/2012,79,188,4,10,4>The Kitchen is the only place where I will tolerate occasional rudeness or inconsistent food quality. Here's why: this is basically a training program for people who may have had very limited, if any, job experience. As their website explains, "Under the combined direction of our Executive Chef, Pastry Chef, and Catering Manager, the staff at the Kitchen is comprised of trainees. Our paid culinary training program teaches kitchen and baking skill essentials for work in the food service industry. In addition to this hands-on approach, the staff at The Kitchen is also provides job readiness training, access to computer learning, and coaching to create a professional resume. Our staff members leave the culinary training program well prepared by their hard work in the kitchen, with top-notch customer service skills honed in our café environment. " If something is amiss, you can let a manager know and the issue can be addressed in a productive way. With that said, I have been impressed with almost every meal I have had here and haven't had rude waiters/cashiers so much as a few who were still working out customer service. You know, like slightly awkward, but not bad. Think of it as Firebox Lite. It's gourmet, but in a more casual environment with a more affordable price tag. Recently I tried the falafel wrap. The flavor was fine, though it was a little dry which made it crumbly. I was told that falafel as part of a salad is also an option, which is a workaround for the messiness. I'm picky about falafel and have decided that basically everything pales when compared with Tangiers or Mamoun's, but this is a fine alternative if I'm feeling too lazy to go across town, and if I get it again, I'd request more sauce. My favorite food here so far is the "grown up grilled cheese." It's pricey. You will wonder why a grilled cheese would cost so much. If you like grilled cheese at all and wouldn't hesitate to drop $8 on a martini, then you should definitely suck it up and get this. It's a little sweet, a little savory. What comfort food should be. It's served on a wholegrain bread, adding texture. There's kale. Regrettably they don't have martinis here, but I suppose if you really wanted an adult drink to wash down that adult grilled cheese, you could stop next door at the Firebox. The Kitchen's soups and chili make for a tasty and inexpensive lunch-- great on rainy days. If you have a sweet tooth, it will be hard to do the right thing and order a proper lunch when there is a counter covered in pastries just starting you down. I have not always won this battle. They have mini-pies. There is free wifi and many outlets. Seating is somewhat limited, but the norm seems to be for people to share tables. The tables are large enough where you can sit with strangers and it's not weird. There are some picnic tables outdoors.I love that this is in my neighborhood.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2012,8/11/2012,104,202,2,2,1>Being originally from Texas, it's in my nature to seek out any local BBQ joints in the area.  When I happened upon Flaggstead Smokehouse, it was like a ray of light was shown through my otherwise bleak non BBQ existence in New England.  Ok, ok, so my life isn't really that dramatic, but it was and has been amazing having a BBQ joint close to home that reminds me of my roots and has amazing food to boot.  I will say I am a huge fan of their sliced beef (brisket) sandwiches, their mac and cheese and their mashed potatoes.  I have also ordered their breakfast tacos on one occasion.  In regards to those, as much as I love BBQ, I'd suggest sticking to the sandwiches and leave the breakfast tacos for chorizo, sausage and egg.  :)  BBQ and egg is an interestingly weird combo.  :)  The chorizo and egg is to die for and I can't wait to eat them again.One tip, since everything is smoked on site, make sure to get there well before closing time, as they do run out of certain things.  Last night, I was craving a BBQ sandwich and was told they only had chicken and ribs left.  No worries, I'm heading there today for lunch!  YUM!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,8/10/2012,48,116,2,5,3>The food and service here are phenomenal, period. We had the most amazing appetizer I think I've ever had - slices of potato topped with scallops, bleu cheese, green onions, and balsamic. A-ma-zing. Our dinner was fabulous, too. If you are a creme brulee fan, ABSOLUTELY GET IT HERE. It's served in a long boat-like dish, so you'll get that sugar crunch that's on top with every bite. It's how creme brulee should be served everywhere. If you like (or even hate) gin, get the Hendricks Experience. Beyond the clever name, it's delicious and summery. The outside of this place may not seem to promise deliciousness, but go here if you know what's good for you. Oh and P.S. David is a fantastic server!! He found out it was our anniversary (hence our night out) and paid for that heavenly creme brulee I was talking about. Love!
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,8/9/2012,47,114,,5,1>I've been back twice since I wrote the first review.  First, I decided to take the plunge and use their catering services to feed 60 hungry teenagers and I was tremendously satisfied!  The fellows prepared a marvelous assortment of gorgeous sandwiches which were appreciatively devoured by the entire group.  I could not have asked for more! Efficient, enthusiastic, professional and DELICIOUS! What else can you ask for?So today, I stopped by to say Hi and Thanks for the above wonderful service.  I decided to order a sandwich to go while I was there...the "Notorious P.I.G."    This is a MUST have!!!! Cuban style pork, fantastic bread, spices.....mmmmm...
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,8/8/2012,226,428,4,3,3>Went for lunch, I got the scallops and risotto which was, unfortunately not the same as the dinner scallops option which I lay awake at night thinking about but still a good dish.  The portions seem a little small at first but once you start eating you realize that their dishes are so rich you probably couldn't eat any more than what you get anyway.  Lunch options are not for the working man, for about the price that it would cost you to go to a nice dinner some where else you can get about half of the serving for lunch, also a little slow(er) I noted at lunch than dinner despite the fact that most of the place is empty.  If you have money to burn and time to kill in the middle of the day worth going to, probably why there lunch audience is mostly the elder, lawyers or politicians, but most are all three.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,8/7/2012,69,97,2,5,3>When you talk food in Hartford, sooner or later you're going to talk about Franklin Avenue.  The area is known for its Italian cuisine and restaurants like Carbone's.  While you can find some great sit-down meals in the area, it also has some cheaper, more casual lunch options.  The giant sadwich shop is one of those.The term "giant" does a good job of describing the sandwiches here; a half sub is more than enough for a meal, and a full sandwich is more than enough to split.However, it's not just the size of the sandwiches that makes this place a must-visit - they're also REALLY good.  They use fresh cold cuts and vegetables, and the hot sandwiches feature tasty spices and delicious tomato sauce.  I usually get the chicken or beef cutlet - both are tender (not always the case with cutlet sandwiches), with just the right amount of breading.The staff isn't overly friendly but is very efficient.  You might see them get more talkative with regulars, but other than that they're just going about their work.A half sandwich will run you somewhere between $7-9, and they also have bags of chips and soup for sides.  For drinks there is a selection of sodas, or beer if you so choose.  I believe there is a $10 minimum on credit cards.Parking can be difficult as the lot is small.  However there is street parking on Franklin Ave. - just watch the signs, as some areas are strictly "No Parking" (and the police have no problem giving you a ticket).Overall, this place is worth a stop if you're in the area.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2012,8/6/2012,59,121,3,6,5>My only place to truly workout.  The trainers are bar none the best in the business.  It's a family environment and I've been a member for 3 years.  I've lost 70lbs to date! They offer group, semi-private, private classes. Custom-tailored workouts for less than a personal trainer.  They are way more knowledgeable than anyone you'll get at Big Lie/Cry or anything like that, and you grow to become friends with them! My trainer and I are always doing things outside of the gym, and we constantly do charity workout events to raise money for various causes.They offer a massage therapist, nutritionist, and training seminars.  Also, they have Athletic Revolution which helps kids because it's a place to go after school, and gives them custom workouts that work on improving their abilities in sports or health in general. Best program, and when people want ideas to open their own gyms, they come here, then open a lesser version! (Can you tell I'm bias?)
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2012,8/5/2012,125,121,3,9,3>I'm baaaaaaack! Can't get enough of this place. Took my parents here tonight to celebrate my mom's birthday, and they were BLOWN AWAY. They could not stop oohing and aahing over the modern decor and the presentation of each dish.The Crabmeat Corn Chowder was STEAMING hot and we burnt our tongues because we were so impatient lol. My mom's Pumpkin Soup wasn't as hot and she said it was delicious. My Roti Canai appetizer was delicious as usual (and now I've got my parents hooked on it, too...mwahahaha). The Crispy Garlic Chicken and Coconut Fried Rice entrées were superb! My sister says she enjoyed her Crispy Eggplant Love Chicken, but that it was a tad too salty.I can't believe we still ordered dessert after all that lol! The green tea and mango gelatos were yummy, but much heavier than authentic Italian gelato. I usually steer clear of anything with the word "bomba" in it, but we took the waiter's advice and ordered the Exotic Bomba. Turned out to be the highlight of the meal! The sorbet is refreshing and lighter than you'd expect, and the white chocolate surrounding it is just AMAAAAAZING!Service was wonderful, as always. My family is now converted! So glad.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,8/4/2012,37,115,1,4,4>Warning: If you're thinking of going to Goldburgers, do yourself a favor and check out their online menu beforehand. Otherwise, you're going to be overwhelmed at the counter with that embarrassing "deer in the headlights" look as you're trying to figure out how many different ways you can piece together the perfect burger. This is a casual, easy-going place with some very creative, funky, and oh yeah, delicious burgers. I went with the Honey BBQ Bacon burger, which was delicious. And the service, from the guy at the counter to the guy bringing it out from the kitchen, was great.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2012,8/3/2012,128,184,,3,2>We like this place on SUN afternoon. We've gone during the week and altho the service has always been friendly and attentive, the SUN bartender makes this for us. Food is decent, margaritas tasty; fresh ingredients in both.I need a child-friendly place, and this is it. We go SUN afternoon as I feel more comfy letting little girl run around, as she is wont to do. There place isn't huge, which helps in that regard.We've had the tacos and nachos; recommended is to stay on the Mexican side of things. We deviated to a steak sammie and it didn't quite have the panache that the south-o-the-border stuff has.Desserts look interesting, but have yet to try anything.There is a private lot, but its small.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,8/2/2012,27,42,6,7,5>I really love this library.  It's beautiful inside and out and in a charming setting.  I just really like the feel of this part of Windsor.  The library's clean, up-to-date, the librarians are helpful for the most part and there's plenty of computers if needed.  My only gripe is nothing against WPL, but when there's a bunch of teenagers there you will want to open up a can of serious whoop- @ss as they have no consideration for the fact that libraries are supposed to be no louder than a standard conversational tone.  Either they are scrapping, making out, yacking on their cell phone or just talking extremely loud and obnoxious.  I'm 29 yet I have no patience for high school riff raff.  But to the WPL's credit there is always the sweet librarian lady trying to calm the kids down.  Great place.
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/1/2012,79,190,4,6,4>Okay...YES! YES YES YES!!This place is AWESOME! I just took my boyfriend there last night because I had a groupon about to expire, and we flipped out with joy over the food (we were both starving).  First off: that Ethiopian honey wine is NO JOKE! You can smell the alcohol in it. Tastes nice but I had one small glass and even after the food I was like yeah...I need to walk around the block before I drive.The ambience is nice. I particularly like that on their world map they have a huge circle drawn around Ethiopia with an arrow pointing to it that says: ETHIOPIA. So not only did I get dinner but also a mini geography lesson...pretty cool.The sambusas are like samosas but with a thinner, flakier crust. I don't usually like samosas but I thought these sambusas were out of this world!!My boyfriend ordered the Doro Tibs spicy and I ordered the Doro Wot. The Injera is amazing and filling, the sauces were super delicious, and the homemade cottage cheese is also fantastic. The cabbage and mashed something were also awesome.  I would recommend the Doro Tibs over the Doro Wot...it was delicious-er in my opinion. But both were great! Plus the Doro Tibs is smaller chunks of grilled chicken while the Doro Wot is a hard boiled egg and a chicken leg on the bone. The meat still tasted great though and the sauces were bangin.They got a "B" on their sanitation rating & they don't put ice in their water. But if that bothers you then...you're silly!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,7/31/2012,59,73,11,3,4>Based on the intense discomfort and lethargy that I suffered through yesterday, I can rate this only as being at the top of the donut food chain.  You see, I normally cannot be tempted to eat more that one or two donuts, but I quickly ingested three of these fat pills in rapid-fire succession: chocolate glazed, raspberry filled, and cinnamon sugar coated.  Sugar high followed by sugar crash, followed by food coma, followed by remorse and self loathing.  Which meant I only had one this morning.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,7/30/2012,40,91,3,5,3>I have a love-hate relationship with Pho Saigon. I am impatient and do not like to wait, yet I find myself returning to a place with a sometimes unbearable wait for food. It is simply because the food, when it does arrive, will knock your socks off every time. I have said to people who arrive, stand at the door, and after a few minutes look around having yet to be greeted by the staff, "if you are in no hurry, it is worth the wait." I really believe that, and I do not fault the owner-waiter guy who is always nice if not always all that attentive.The pho is the best I have found within 50 miles of West Hartford. The spring rolls, crepes, and other appetizers are always fresh and tasty. I have an addiction to their bun, particularly because the pork or chicken is always crispy and packs a punch, especially with the addition of the fish sauce. In a nutshell, best leisurely Viet meal you can score in these parts.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,7/29/2012,112,156,5,6,4>Don't expect much by way of ambiance.  It's a farm.  It smells like poop.  The cheese shop it teeny tiny (and we got a kick out of the "Cheese" sign above the door).  But....the cheese...oh the cheese.  We were doing a tasting at the winery down the road and they recommended we pop into Cato for some cheese before we sat down with our bottle.  Great idea - wine and CHEESE!  They let us each taste every single one of the cheeses before making our selections.  Wow!  It's very pricey, but it's homemade, local and worth every penny.  I highly recommend stopping in on your way to the winery!  Bring cash - they don't take cards.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,7/28/2012,151,129,,3,2>I do not use the laundromat , this review is strictly for the drycleaning services.Although pulling into the parking lot from a lefthand turn is a bit like playing Russian roulette, this is the only place I trust with my drycleaning. Not only are the employees friendly and generally knowledgeable, the management is outstanding. I had an incident months ago where I was given someone else's clothing and the manager worked diligently to reconcile the problem. Also, in 5+ years of going here, this is the only time I ever had an issue, and like I said it was taken care of immediately. In the past when I found a good coupon, I have taken my drycleaning elsewhere. Let me tell you, I was not impressed with the results. Reasons why I recommend Battison's:*Amazing customer service*Open 7 days a week and open early/close late - hours to fit anyone's schedule*Drycleaning is available to you within 24 hours.*If a hem comes undone or a button is loose, they will fix it at no charge. Something I noticed no other drycleaner will do.*There is a laundromat and tailor in house. (I recommend the tailor for pants hemming, might be awkward in the tiny space for something like a dress.)*There is a service available that picks up and drops off your drycleaning at your home. (Have yet try this)*Awesome coupons, but sometimes they are hard to come by. (Check out Battistons.com.) Otherwise prices are about average.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,7/27/2012,258,368,3,6,4>Theaterworks is culture.  I've seen both "The Little Dog Laughed" and "High".  It brings a shine to a dull Hartford downtown.  We need more of this in our city.  As of late I just got back from seeing the latest showing of, "I Loved, I Lost, I Made Spaghetti based on Giulia Melucci's bestselling memoir.  It was touching and humorous.  I loved this one woman show.  I just left feeling moved.  Theaterworks is the following: the seats are comfortable.  The space is always cool and clean.  The stage hands and  ushers are attentive and accommodating.  It's also a deal.  You can see 5 shows for $149.00 a year.  Come on people, its a little bit of NYC in the middle of Ct.  One showing in NYC can be $155.00 alone.I for one will be returning again and again. Thank you Theaterworks for adding to the mix here in Hartford.  We need more of you!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2012,7/26/2012,71,294,4,3,2>Arrigoni is new among Connecticut's vineyards, and it is great. Located in the back room of an eclectic gift shop in Portland, it was staffed by a sweet, enthusiastic lady the day we visited. The tasting fee was $7, and we sampled around five wines. Like most Connecticut vineyards, Arrigoni sends customers home with complementary wine glasses. (We declined to take ours, however, because I recently concluded that owning 50 souvenir wine glasses makes me a hoarder, clinically speaking.) We purchased a couple glasses of wine, and headed out to the cute patio area out back, overlooking Arrigoni's vineyard. I look forward to visiting again with a picnic!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,7/25/2012,80,717,18,13,8>There's no quicker route to Central Connecticut high-falootin' snobbery than Firebox.This farm-to-table, organic, fair trade, locally produced, dolphin safe, artisan, environmentally friendly restaurant is located exactly where you would expect - on the outskirts of one of Hartford's nastiest neighborhoods. Hipster enough to claim that they're trying to improve the neighborhood, while upscale enough to not scare away the socialites and powermongers.The Mayor of Hartford was there while we were. Truth.Eight of us had a Friday afternoon lunch to celebrate my completion of an educational program. It was nauseatingly exquisite. Members of my party raved about the softshell crab, while I personally loved the chick pea gnocchi: unbelievably creamy and delicious balls of heaven.Dessert was on the house: a "Deconstructed S'more," for lack of a better term. Homemade grilled marshmallow, caramel chocolate cake, and graham cracker ice cream.*eye roll*You'll love it, and you'll certainly pay for it. But you won't mind, because the Vice President at your company told you it was a great place...
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,7/24/2012,49,66,13,3,4>Like many of my 4-star reviews, I'm not giving Blue Elephant a 5-star without visiting it more than once.I came for lunch with an old friend... he's not really that old.  Just a year older than me and I don't consider myself to be over the hill yet.  When I say "old friend" I mean that I've known him a long time.   We used to cause trouble at school and played in a band for a while and.... wait... what were we talking about again?Oh yeah... I'm supposed to review The Blue Elephant Trail.So... I was very impressed with the food.  The lunch portions were about what you'd expect from a Thai restaurant (meaning I could probably have eaten 3 of them) but yummy!  The prices were fair.I was a little disappointed they didn't have sake, despite having a full bar... I know what you're thinking.  "Sake is Japanese", but I've grown accustomed to having sake with any Asian cuisine and other Thai restaurants I've been to do offer it.  In fact, I believe there are Thai sakes as well (Zato, for example)???I want sake now.  Is drinking at 11AM on a work day still looked down upon?Are you actually still reading this?  My babbling hasn't caused to you disable your Yelp account yet?  I'm impressed.  In appreciation of your perseverance, I'll finish this review now.Overall, my experience was very pleasant.  If their dinner menu is as good as their lunch, I may be inclined to give The Blue Elephant Trail the oh-so-sought-after, Chris W. 5-star review someday.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/23/2012,15,160,,4,2>How can you not like this airport?  Short lines, no waiting, and they improved a few of the shops where you can get something to eat and drink while you wait.  It's a small airport, you know that going in so don't expect internet access or a mall for god sakes.  It's Windsor Locks, CT.  hello.  I'm quite lucky because I have family 1/2 mile away so I park at their place for free and I get taken there and picked up.  So I can't comment on the parking but it appears that there is plenty of it.  It took about 1 minute for our bags to arrive at the baggage area from the plane, in and out, doesn't get better than this.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,7/22/2012,103,163,4,4,2>With the extensive list of artisan pies, you might have a hard time choosing which you'll get. Let me save you the agonizing with one word -- TRUFFLE. So what if it's nutritionally unsound! That's not why you're at a pizza place. You want cheese, right? Definitely some mozzarella, maybe some ricotta, throw in a little goat cheese. Pine nuts? Sure. Honey?! Why not! This pizza totally stole the show for me. I loved every bite. And the small? Was huge. I was eating this pizza for three days after intially ordering it, two pieces at a time, and I was very sad to see it go.Other mentionables: The eggplant fries were quite all right, but not as good as the ones at Joey Garlic's in my opinion. Good beer and wine selection (they don't serve hard liquor as far as I could tell). Quality service.
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,7/21/2012,66,149,2,3,3>Pacho Loco!!!! Let's go Margaritas on the patio!!This little privately-owned Mexican eatery is a great spot when you find yourself up in the hills of Vernon / Rockville. Small, but charming, Pancho Loco boasts a GREAT patio, as well as daily drink/food specials. Jeff and I come here a lot, Margarita Mondays' is one of our favorites. The drinks are tasty, decently priced, and do the trick. I really loved my Pina Colada, even though I was pretty sure it came from some sort of mix. ( Sometimes cheap can't be beat!) The lunch specials are really where the deal is. They offer a build your own plate with 1, 2, or 3 of their signature items, ( tacos, burritos, ect.) or regular entree specials that look like a regular dinner portion. Although we have never had room to try, they show fried ice cream on the menu, and that looks like a must have!!!Ciao!!
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2012,7/20/2012,13,49,1,5,4>I live down the street and have dined on Mei Tzu takeout so frequently that it's embarassing.  In fact, I'm headed there after I finish this review. NOMMMThe food is fab and always fresh (no gross frozen shrimp here).  I love the wide selection they have: Japanese/sushi, Thai, and Chinese items.  Household favorites include crab rangoons (more sweet than crabby), pad thai, sesame tofu, and shrimp mei fun.  Their tofu in particular is always expertly cooked and never bland.  I'm not a big sushi eater, but their California rolls met my approval, as did a delightful spicy shrimp tempura roll (Dragon's Bride?).  We've only dined in once or twice and sadly found the service to be extremely slow, although it was a few years ago so that may have improved.  The staff has always been pleasant, though.I've noticed they are quiet most nights, but packed on Fridays.  The wait to pick up my takeout does tend to be a bit longer than quoted most of the time, but the food is so good it's worth the wait.  They also offer a small discount upon request if you pay with cash (at least for takeout).If only they offered delivery, I could bump them up to 5 stars.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,7/19/2012,119,143,2,4,3>Everyone loves this place (except for that one dude who awarded them one star) so I finally wen tthere last night.  I live in town and I can't believe this was my first trip there.  It will surely not be my last.  As everyone said, the guy who runs the joint is super friendly and helpful.  I had the shredded chicken with rice in the stone bowl with soy and teriyaki.  I also had an order of "crispy chicken wings".  The bi bim bap was awesome.  I loved the way the rice was crunchy at the bottom of the bowl.  The chicken wings were perfectly fine but not the mind blowing fried chicken I was hoping for.  I've never had Korean fried chicken and always wanted to try it.  I don't think I'll get it again (and the $8 rice bowl was MORE than enough to feed me).Can't wait to go back and try a new flavor combo.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,7/18/2012,138,275,7,6,6>Girls, you can leave your heels and Spanx at home!  This place is so low-key and unpretentious that if you don't need to get all dolled up.Don't get fooled by the name and the location.  This place is clean and nicely decorated.  There's either the well-lighted bar to watch sports at or the dimmed lounge room to relax in and listen to a live jazz band.  Isn't that cool or what?My boyfriend and I went in a couple of weeks ago for drinks and an appetizer.  I asked the bartender if he could make me a citrus cocktail and it was refreshing.  We shared the pulled pork nachos and they were finger-licking good.  I can't wait to go back again!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,7/17/2012,61,81,,7,4>For me, I think of my visit as more of a nifty novelty rather than an introduction to a new way to spend my leisure time. Like other reviewer's have mentioned, the staff is helpful and attentive.  Coals are changed regularly. The hookah's are in good condition and the lounge area itself is comfortable. We tried the white-grape-something-else-I-can't-remember-blend. It was as represented. Though I got a little sick of the Welch's like taste after a while. The crowd was WAY young when I was there, but despite being in a room where no one else appeared to be over 23 years old, it wasn't the least bit rowdy. FYI, they absolutely do card here. Be advised: The exterior of this business does not do it justice. The sign is tiny and easy to miss. Some of the windows are covered up and despite frequently driving down Park Rd and visiting Plan B often (which is next door) I never knew this place existed until I found it on Yelp! (Yeah, way to go Yelp!)
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,7/16/2012,23,731,7,8,5>This is like Mike Tyson versus Glass Joe in Punch Out for Nintendo. Michael Jordan versus a high school basketball player. King Kong versus a human civilian. Yale and Harvard Students versus a community college student. That's the comparison I make when it comes to the two Mexican restaurants on Park Road. And that is this place, Los Adobes versus it's amateur yet unseasoned contender (lol. Pun intended).........Taqueria. As a matter of fact, I believe Los Adobes may need to step in the ring with Monte Alban from Farmington Avenue, Hartford. They seem to possibly be a good competition. Enough blabbing, let's get it on......*ding ding*This may be a hole in the wall spot, but it makes me feel like I'm somewhat in Mexico. You can tell a restaurant is authentic when Mexicans eat there. This place had two TVs both featuring Spanish shows. The menus were takeout menus and they had the actual drinks as a display for the drink selections on the counter.Our server was a 14 year old boy. He wasn't the best at service but I could tell he was trying. I had to ask him for a refill, sides, and other stuff multiple times. But all in all I didn't care, I was just enjoying the comida (Spanish for "food"). About the food.....I ordered the tacos. They were $2.25 each. You can choose from beef, pork, steak, spicy beef, seasoned pork, shrimp, fish and chicken. I had the chicken, spicy beef and regular beef tacos. I had a side of their homemade hot sauce. One sauce was green, the other was red. It was no where close to tabasco's level, but it was fresh and tasty. My girl had the taco salad. I tell you that thing was huge!!!! It was at least 4" inches deep, and 6" inches wide of fried taco shell. In it had lettuce, chicken, cheese, refried beans, cilantro, tomato, and rice. She said she liked it. I say let's go back!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,7/15/2012,72,359,6,8,7>As a single malt scotchophile I've been a fan of chocolate for a long time... but I've never actually had a conversation with someone about it that lasted longer than "___ is a really good brand" or "It pairs really well with ___". I just had a full-fledged conversation about the stuff with the lady behind the counter here. I wanted to hug her, but there was a huge counter full of organic chocolate in the way. I walked out of this store with a greater understanding of the industry and, afterwards, had a pseudo-erotic, psychedelic experience eating the truffles she sold me in the parking lot. Seriously good stuff. Get a designated driver before you go.This is not the chocolate you're probably used to. This is not the chocolate you're expecting. It's complex, unique and rich. They use brown rice syrup and organic cane sugar to sweeten it, but it's not going to be as sweet as you're expecting. The darkness of the chocolate should not dissuade you either, as even though it's dark it's not the nasty dark chocolate you're thinking of. This is the way chocolate should be. Hershey's really set you back by making their waxy imitations so popular. You need to try these.Try the Prince of India truffle. Sweet Garam Masala flavored filling? Yea... awesome.They also serve sugar-free chocolate goodies here that are as good if not better than the sugared stuff, and a dairy/gluten free soft serve made with cashew and almond milk. The soft serve is the stuff of legends.Thank you-thank you-thank you to Karin D for recommending this to me. No CT foodie should be without a good chocolatier.
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,7/14/2012,25,68,,5,3>I've been coming here since the place opened, and I can't believe it's taken me so long to give Harvest a review.  With the craft beer movement in full swing in the United States, you can pretty much find a good, craft beer (read: not Bud, Sam Adams, Heinekin, etc.) at most liquor stores these days.  However, Harvest has a selection like nowhere else in the Hartford area.  My friends and I affectionately refer to Harvest as the "Beer Cave," as it has an entire refrigerated room devoted to craft beers, ranging from hard-to-find, smaller breweries like Sebago  to more ubiquitous brews from Rogue, Stone, and Dogfish Head.  Harvest also has the vastest selection of small batch series available in 22 oz. bottles. Ian, the owner, is increcibly knowledgeable and it's clear that he's passionate about beers.  I have been in numerous times and asked for recommendations and he's always been spot on.I have yet to attend a tasting, but Harvest holds beer or wine tastings on a relatively regular basis (if not weekly, then almost so).  As for wines, there's a pretty great selection of those, too.  (I go for the beer, not the wine, so I may not be the most helpful in this area!)  While Harvest is a bit pricier than say, Crazy Bruce's, the staff's knowledge (especially Ian's) and selection makes this place, in my opinion, the best beer store in the area if not the state.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2012,7/13/2012,25,304,,4,3>Visited for the first time today. Not your typical Indian restaurant. The menu is varied and authentic, the food freshly prepared and five star delicious. That said, the location, decor and atmosphere detract somewhat from the excellent quality of the food. Located in an out of the way strip mall (albeit not too far from a Route 9 on/off though), the small space is cold, colorless and spartan, more like what you might expect in a Chinese take out place. It's counter service and paper plates, but the staff are friendly and very helpful with menu suggestions. All in all, it's worth a visit for lunch or takeout every now and then.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,7/12/2012,38,41,2,4,2>I went to the Pond House last week for a belated Valentine's Day dinner. The Pond House has always been one of those places I have wanted to try brunch but can never make it there in time or never make a commitment enough to make reservations. Décor is simplistic very charming. The place is great for dinners  during the summer when the flowers are in full bloom. Wait: For once in my life I had a reservation so I didn't have to wait. Arrived and was promptly escorted to a table. Food:First off I never had duck confit so I didn't know what to expect. It was too salty for me but the skin was nice crispy. I can understand where the saltness comes from, the duck leg has been marinated for over 24 hours, maybe the chef didn't rinse off enough salt? Despite a little too much salt, the duck confit was nice and brown. The potatoes that accompanied the dish was perfection. I love duck fat. This was a special treat for me because it is not something I normally have.  The grilled salmon was that, grilled salmon. Nothing to write home about but I think my dinning partner picked salmon as a safe beat.  Next time I'm there I plan on trying the Bouillabase. I never had Seafood Bouillabase, I've only had chicken.  The items on the menu were traditional American. Price:Entrees ranged from $19 to $29. The most expensive item on the menu was the lamb. Even at $29 its still cheaper than some of the ethnic restaurants around. I was content with the prices paid because I selected an item that was hard to find in the Greater Hartford area. Service:OK nothing impressive. The service wasn't terrible but it wasn't excellent. Parking:Dinner parking is decent but if you're looking for parking during brunch hours, the place is packed so expect to walk.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,7/11/2012,149,237,2,4,2>Amazing massages!  Ive been here countless times and can not give enough kudos for Blake and his staff.  Its not a full service spa where you can get your hair and nails done, just a place that is the best at what they do...heal your mind body and soul with massages, acupuncture, and facials.  Always a truly relaxing and pain reducing experience.  Each massage is tailored to your unique needs.  They also have a pool/jacuzzi available for use. Staff is very friendly.  Prices are reasonable.  Facilities are very clean.  Whether you are a nubee or receive massages frequently this place is definitely a must try!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,7/10/2012,34,36,5,7,4>What can I say about Indigo other than I LOVE IT!  Every dish I've had here was absolutely delicious and the portions are enormous.  I split an entree with my friend and there was enough for her to take home!What I really love about Indigo is that I don't have to put up with those annoying nuts/raisins wasting space in my food.  It's my biggest pet peeve when it comes to Indian food and it's a total non-issue at Indigo.  :)  Plus the food has a really modern feel, and it's so fresh and full of flavor.This has become me and my boyfriend's favorite Indian restaurant in the state.  The waitstaff is extremely attentive and ready to answer questions even if you don't ask the easiest questions.My tips:  Order your food extra spicy if you desire it.  Be careful ordering the specialty naans, however, if you're not accustomed to an extreme dousing of toppings on your naan (the garlic naan is a killer, as it pretty much just has a handful of chopped raw garlic on it).Overall you really need to get down to Indigo if you love clean, fresh-tasting, well-thought-out Indian food.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,7/9/2012,80,144,6,10,3>West Hartford rocks!!! This place has everything be it the stores, restaurants, mall. A Dong is said to be a grocery store but its a super market.The minute I entered I started smelling weird smell of the meats, fish n stuffs. Being a vegetarian from birth made me sick for the smell at start. After couple of minutes I felt all right. As soon as you enter, to your left is the sea food, meat, a small bakery n the vegetable section. On the other side is the groceries, milk, eggs n stuffs like that.First I started with the vegetable section. This part of the store looks small in area, trust me they have so many stuffs here. There was a small table kinda where some freshly made cookies, breads, n some authentic chinese sweets were placed. I was surprised on seeing the various variety of fruits such as bananas, orages, water chestnuts, dragon fruit, Raw tamarind, melons. On the other hand I could see all kind of Asian vegetables & Green. If looking for different kind of cabbages then this store is right to pick it up. They even had a big bucket filled with spouts. The meat / seafood section was on one side n crowded too.There was a Tofu section too. They have so many different kinda tofus, trust me everything look freshly packed. They also had some fresh unpacked tofu in a bucket. However I picked up the extra firm plain tofu. Oh they even have cooked noodles, dumplings, tofus. Everything was neatly packed. I picked up 1 portion of cooked noodles they were very good. Thought to try those dumplings next time.Coming to the other side of the store, they have a frozen section, just like any other super market where you have the frozen vegetables, meats, n stuffs. I got a pack of edamame :)They have milk, eggs, ice cream, curd too... Oh i even came across the ready kimchi.The last but not the least was the general groceries. They have everything here too be it teas, spices, noodles, wraps, canned fish / meat, wafers, essences, chocolates, n so on, the list will never end.If your going here for the first time make sure you have plenty of time cos you need to explore a lot many stuffs. The staff is very friendly, they will help you locate stuffs. Even after you get the stuffs they make sure theres a smile on your face :) They accept credit / debit cards. If you end below 10$ make sure you have cash. The store is located in a plaza in one of the corners. They have ample parking space.Its in the same complex where pho boston restaurant is located.Overall a very good and neatly maintained store.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/8/2012,46,93,2,4,1>This shop is right around the corner from Spicy Bean with parking on Concord Rd.  The front sign was a little hokey, reminding me of the pastry shop in Bridesmaids.  But don't let it throw you off, this is a serious bakery!  I just had the best toasted plain bagel with cream cheese ever! The texture was just right - crispy outer, doughy chewy inner.  Now I'm not trying to start a debate with a bagel connoisseur from NY, I'm just a local bagel eater.  Lets just say I learned a lesson about eating Dunkin Donuts artisinal bagels...I also picked up tiramisu, a snickers cupcake, a mint chocolate cupcake, and a cherry cheesecake - the pastries looked so good I could barely stop.
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2012,7/7/2012,105,113,2,6,6>These bagels are like crack. I don't know if they are made on-premises or not, but every bagel I've tried is amazing.I'm addicted to the Nova lox: Your choice of bagel with cream cheese, lox, tomatoes, onions and a few capers for good measure. The menu is a little unorganized, but the young high school and college kids behind the counter are super friendly and will help you find what you're looking for. I order, pay, wait in the tiny eating section and then go eat outside with my pup on the patio. The parking lot is always a zoo, but it usually clears up around lunchtime.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,7/6/2012,14,72,2,3,1>Fresh, tasty, and different. I'm generally happy to just stuff myself with a pint of whatever's on sale at the grocery store, but this place is worth a stop. You enter the line, select the size bowl you want, and then proceed through a veritable gauntlet of frozen yogurt flavors and toppings until you finally arrive at the register where your dish is weighed and you're charged accordingly. This is convenient - if you only want a little bit, that's what you pay for. Lots of flavors and even more toppings. It would take a long time to get bored with this selection. Not a ton of room inside - the line moves along, but I can see how it would get hectic. We went later in the evening and it was still fairly crowded (with a good vibe, though)... probably wouldn't want to be here at peak hours. Don't usually go for all the trendy stuff, but I wouldn't mind seeing a few more of these around.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,7/5/2012,108,203,,5,3>Ohh, Barcelona--it was love at first bite.It would be an understatement to say that I've been dying to come here. To my excitement, I was out of work on time and able to join Tom in a dinner celebration for his friend's surprise birthday dinner. Kudos to his lovely wife on the great choice! The restaurant was beyond packed when we arrived and it stayed that way throughout the night, with people crowded around the bar, no doubt indulging in the famous sangria or the Spanish wines. I myself enjoyed a glass of wine, although I couldn't tell you which one it was! The ambiance is perfect for spending time with friends--from the dark wooden decor with modern artistic accents to the music coursing through the place.After we were all settled into our table, the hard decisions began--what to order, what to try? Tom and I settled on five of the tapas plates to share--Duckfat potatoes, Chorizo with sweet and sour figs, Gambas al ajillo, Chicken empanadas and  Hangar steak--ohh my goodness, all so good. I couldn't pick a favorite dish if I tried! We also got to try bites from our friends dishes, such as the Papas Bravas, and warm crusty bread was brought to the table with dishes of olive oil. Self-control is definitely a necessity when dining here because I think we all could have just kept ordering dishes all night long.With a meal like this, how could you not order dessert? I went with the Crepas Salguero--heavenly, light and artfully prepared (however, I did have a bite of the Warm chocolate hazelnut indulgence and was immediately jealous!).I would eat here all the time if it was possible--and with locations in Stamford, Greenwich, Fairfield, New Haven, SoNo and even one it Atlanta (that's for you, Jason), I'll be hard-pressed to stay away. I cannot recommend a place more highly than this one--from the amazing drinks, fantastic food and attentive service, you cannot go wrong.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,7/4/2012,83,194,2,5,2>LOVE LOVE LOVE Zumba! Those late night commercials starring the handsome Latin lover shanking himself from left to right and front to back, may have peaked my intrest, but in reality I love Latin music and have been dying to try zumba! The energy from Kayt, the owner and one of the instructors, is incredible! She is sooo motivating, there's no way you can't have fun in her classes! There are classes 6 days a week (maybe even 7, I'm not sure), and they just opened up a bigger and better studio to accommodate more people. Classes with Melissa on Fridays also whoop my a$$ in gear! Kayt has an awesome team of instructors, she should be proud of such an awesome studio that welcomes all levels of abilty and really helps make all women feel sexy in their skin!They also offer classes for kids!
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2012,7/3/2012,86,169,2,2,3>I'm getting old enough to be nostalgic about brew pubs, and City Steam manages to accommodate my nostalgia for the rebirth of beer in America and on a number of other levels. Read on...The cafe itself takes up a good part of the Cheney Building on Hartford's Main Street, which is a pretty charming brownstone structure. When I was in high school, an innovative restaurant (named in honor of an earlier department store) opened there, called Brown, Thomson, and Company, and they tried to create a small indoor mall there as well. It wasn't terribly successful, but I liked it, and I missed it when I left the state.At about that time, the craft beer movement began to emerge. The Boston Beer Company began brewing good ol' Sam Adams, and the first brew pub I visited was the Commonwealth Brewing Company in Boston. The scent of yeast wafted through the neighborhood around the pub, and was a big part of the joy of visiting.Fast forward a few years, and I'm back in Connecticut, and City Steam opened in the old Cheney Building. As well as a solid (and somewhat eclectic, even eccentric) pantheon of brews, they do some of the best comfort food around. Their pot roast demonstrates that a dish can not only rise above its undistinguished name, but surpass names like ambrosia.My recent visit was at lunch on a mild June day in Hartford. The place wasn't crowded, and the hostess offered to seat us anywhere we liked - and that main seating area (the Richardson Room) is stunning. After what seemed like an endless series of rainy days, we chose the patio, which overlooks a small side street.Our waitress was utterly charming, quickly grasped our cheerful, playful mood, and gave it right back to us. She knew her menu very well, answered questions and offered suggestions about items and beers, and was right there when we were ready for her.It being lunchtime, I didn't get the pot roast (that's an evening meal for me), but went for a southwest chicken wrap instead. The chicken was perfectly grilled, with a chipotle sauce providing a delicately balanced kick. I was also very pleased with a "Blonde on Blonde" Connecticut Ale that smelled of oranges and came with a nice hops aftertaste. My friend raved over the fish tacos he ordered, and my serving of waffle fries successfully tempted him to order some more for himself. For good reason.We were so enjoying the setting, the seating, and the conversation that we ordered dessert, something two middle-aged men aren't supposed to do. We pronounced my ice cream pie, which combined almond praline, coconut ice cream, and an oreo cookie crust, the winner.I don't get here often, but when I do, it's a special treat. It combines so many touch points for me, of both city and personal history. Even more, it matches my high expectations with what comes from the tap and the kitchen. Sublime.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2012,7/2/2012,53,114,2,6,3>Where has this been all my life?  This is why I love Yelp... I would have NEVER found this place on my own.   My coworker - Brian - and I came to this place for lunch today based on reviews.  Most of the reviews I read were regarding the breakfast.  This review is based on lunch!  Although... my next review on this place will most definitely be on breakfast... I will be trying that very soon!The restaurant is located in a strip shopping center with a very small sign that I would have never seen.  I wouldn't call this place a "hole in the wall" but it's close.  The décor is old, but not too terribly bad.  The place reminds me of a café where everyone has been coming to this wonderful place for years.  You instantly feel at home when you walk in the door.  I'm not sure how that happens, but it happens at this place!  I instantly felt at home.  It doesn't hurt that you walk by a couple of displays of delicious looking sweets!Our waitress was very nice.  One thing I loved about this place was I wasn't sure exactly which one of the waitresses was ours!  Why?  Because if someone had the iced tea pitcher in their hand, they would come fill our tea without worrying about us being in their section or not!  How many places are like that anymore!?  So... excellent service.Brian and I each had a wrap - Southwestern and a Philly Cheesesteak.  We were both very impressed.  The Southwestern had a nice kick and the Cheesesteak had all the fixin's.   The tortillas were very moist and tasty as well... I'm not sure what kind they are, but I will have to ask next visit.  The most interesting part of the meal was the potato salad.  Delicious.  It had a hint of curry (is it possible to have a hint of curry?) that really tasted great!  The potatoes were cooked to perfection as well.  This is a must try IF you like curry.  The combo sounded odd to me... but it worked!Honestly, I can't wait to go back and try other things on this menu.  Even the customers were friendly!  I had a great conversation with a gentleman on our way out - you could tell he loved this place. I give this place a VERY SOLID 4 star rating... teetering on a 5.  Maybe the breakfast will push me over into the 5 star.  Definitely a "go to" place for me from now on.  Watch out... I will be the Duke of this place soon!
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,7/1/2012,42,21,3,8,5>You know those days when you are trying to figure out where to go with your friends that's "just a bar"? No frills or "fusion" cuisine. A place that you can stop in wearing whatever, with whomever and feel the same way each time you go? That's Red Rock. This is my bar that I tell people to meet me at when we just want a pitcher and a chat. The second you step in the door, the regulars give you a smile and the bartenders, managers, waitresses all come around to say hi and see if you're ok at some point during your visit. Customer service at it's absolute best.I love bar food and this place has it at great prices. Keep an eye on the specials because I've had some awesome dinners trying things posted on that whiteboard. My favorite part about Red Rock is that they serve pitchers with a great beer selection! There's plenty of TV's to watch, so during (insert sport)'s playoffs, I order a pitcher of a seasonal brew, 3 or 4 appetizers and have a great night of people watching.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,6/30/2012,1182,148,,4,1>If you like freshly baked bread and not the spongy stuff you buy in the crap aisle of the grocery store, you should try here.  They make a wheat and white bread every day, and have a monthly "menu" for specality breads that change daily. The breat isn't always in typical loaf form and isn't always sliced so it's not as convienent of store bought bread, but it's a better quality depending on the style of bread you like.  They also have quick breads, cookies, bread pudding (which is awesome) and mixes to bring home to make yourself.  Go give them a try and buy a cross section of items to see if you like their products.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,6/29/2012,42,107,3,8,5>I really really liked this place, and would recommend it to all of my friends. THATS YOU FRIEND! Go here and take a seat on one of the uber comfortable orange padded chairs, and indulge in some quality -delicious -thai food. (or sushi/hibachi, if that tickles your fancy!)This place only opened a couple of months ago, so from the outside it looks somewhat barren and lacking in the customer flow . DO NOT BE DISCOURAGED. This place is the REAL DEAL. Plus it seemed like they do well with their take out services. BONUS POINTS.I foresee this place being rather busy once the word gets out about how incredible the food is here.  In fact, I'd bet money on it.  And no I do not have a gambling problem. But I do have a good food addiction....so when things are REALLY  good, Ill go to extremes to make people recognize that awesomeness. We started with the crab rangoon- really fresh, more than enough to split between two people, and really nice presentation. We also received a choice of soup or salad with our main meal, so clear soup joined the appetizer parade. The soup was really good, with fresh, vivid flavors - bits of snap peas, chives, carrot, clear noodles, and some other yummies floating around. For the main meal, I went with the drunken noodle with tofu (with flat noodles). This dish definitely had more heat than I had expected, but still a super delicious combo.It was my first time having "flat noodles" and I must say, they were pretty darn good. Like a super enlarged piece of spaghetti. I could only finish about 1/3 of the main meal because it was so filling-BUT I am already looking forward to lunch tomorrow with the left overs- the happiness continues. My boyfriend ordered the yellow curry with beef which he said was equally as filling and delicious. And now we both have lunch for tomorrow! I am so happy we took a chance with this place and tried it. I hope you find happiness, too.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,6/28/2012,617,380,3,5,2>We had been trying to go here for months, but are only in the area on Friday nights when the wait is at least an hour. We decided to wait it out yesterday, when to our delightful surprise a table opened up in less than 20 minutes! The hostess and our server were both very polite, bubbly and courteous. If you like Pickles and Peppers as much as we do you HAVE to try the pickles and peppers appetizer! It was so good I almost ordered an extra one to go : ) I ordered the Burger Flight (mini samples of classic beef burger, salmon burger, and italian chicken burger) and was very pleased. My fiance ordered the Baja Burger (jalapenos, avocado, etc) and said it was one of the hottest burgers he's ever tasted (a plus for him)!They have more types of beer to offer than I've seen in a while. All in all a great Friday night!
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,6/27/2012,357,375,,8,2>I didn't pack a lunch on my first day at my summer internship because I wanted to see what downtown Waterbury had to offer in terms of lunch spots for the rest of my summer. At lunchtime last Tuesday, I took a walk down Grand Street and was drawn in by the John Bale Book Co.'s Joba Cafe specials board on the sidewalk. In colorful marker, this dry-erase sandwich board told me this place had a chipotle chicken wrap and fire-roasted veggie chowder - I immediately turned in. I didn't end up ordering either, but those specials alone showed this place had promise. I was slightly overwhelmed when I walked in because the inside of this bookstore/cafe was bigger than I expected - and so was the menu. At the beginning of the line there's a rack of chips and a cooler of drinks. There's a display case with huge cupcakes and different cold sides. The menu included lots of sandwich options, soups, and salads. Prices were pretty standard - not exactly cheap, but reasonable. I went with a chicken salad sandwich on rye, which was $6.95 with a bag of Lays or coleslaw - 25 cents more for a bag of Deep River chips. I also got an unsweetened iced tea. I paid at the register and grabbed a seat at a table to wait for my sandwich, which was brought to me pretty quickly. It was a solid chicken salad sandwich - good quality, and it made for a satisfying lunch. The inside of the bookstore/cafe is very open - conducive to both lunching and reading. There was a newspaper left at my table, so I browsed through it while I ate since I was there by myself. I noticed a little corner with an acoustic guitar and music stand. I think it'd be a cute spot to sip on coffee and listen to some local music too. The walls are lined with bookshelves, and the ceilings are pretty high, so the bookshelves go up that high. I want to take some time this summer to actually look through some of the used books. I left for lunch a little early when I visited, so I missed the rush, but the place filled up just after 1, which is when the courthouses break for lunch. The line moved pretty fast, but if I had the option to get there before 1 or after 1:30, I would, just to avoid a long line.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,6/26/2012,28,66,5,3,3>The Hubs and I came here for Valentine's Day, and it was awesome.  Let me start by saying that the Salute on Open Table is for the Salute in Manhattan.  For people who actually read the whole page instead of just thinking "Salute, there it is. 8pm reservation. Done," good for you.  As you may have guessed, our Valentine's dinner reservation had been made in New York, and we were slightly shocked when we showed up to Salute in Hartford without our names on the list.  Despite the fact that it was packed, and we're idiots, the owner was super nice, and was able to seat us right away.  The hospitality continued with our very good waiter and wait staff.  While I love a friendly waiter, the food is what seals the deal for me.  I ordered the tuna sushi to start, and the pasta ala vodka with chicken.  Hubs ordered the caprese salad and the surf and turf with the potato lasagna.  Hubs' turf was actually cooked how he liked it (medium rare), which never happens, and who doesn't love lobster?!  On my end, the tuna was some of the freshest tuna I have had since leaving San Francisco. And the pasta was great...there was a ton of chicken, and it wasn't cut up into tough little bites.  The sauce was pretty standard, and the chunks of feta added the perfect touch.This place is pretty reasonably priced, and definitely worth a try.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,6/25/2012,23,65,2,3,2>I love Chau's. Living way out in the boonies (Columbia), it's nice to have such good quality Vietnamese food "close" by, or else we'd have to drive to West Hartford. My wife and I eat here fairly often, and the pho (noodle soup) and bun (vermicelli dishes) are always fresh and very flavorful. And we can't begin a meal without the fresh Spring rolls; vermicelli, sprouts, carrot and cucumber slivers and shrimp and/or pork wrapped in razor-thin rice crepes. Dipped in the peanut/Hoison sauce with a dab of hot sriracha -- mmm. As good as it gets. I honestly haven't had anything on the menu which wasn't among the best Vietnamese food I've eaten. Unfortunately that menu has shrunken considerably since we first started visiting; they seem to have cut it down to focus on their best offerings, I'd guess partly because there never seem to be many people in the place.The bun is one of my faves; a big bowl filled with many of the same ingredients as the Spring rolls, plus shredded lettuce, topped with a delicious marinated grilled chicken breast or pork chop, and a golden fried Spring roll (meat-filled, totally different than the fresh Spring rolls). Drizzle with the side of clear, thin, slightly vinegary sauce. It's part cool salad, part fresh hot grilled meat, all tasty and filling.The signature of any Vietnamese place is, of course, the pho, and Chau's doesn't fail. The aroma alone is heavenly, but the beef broth is sublime. I admit, I have had better, but not by much, and not without traveling to Springfield or Boston for it. Sadly, Chau's doesn't offer pho ga (chicken broth/meat instead of beef-based). Chau's obviously used to be a gift shop or something, and there wasn't much done to change the decor (it still has the slotted walls for retail shelving). The atmosphere is pleasant enough, but decidedly stark. There is no music playing, no television blaring. I'm not saying this as a negative, just pointing it out if you're expecting a bustling eatery.As I mentioned above, the menu used to be more extensive, but it's good to have a little taste of such quality, big-city-like Vietnamese food relatively close by. I'd give it five stars except for the atmosphere, and honestly, I like to reserve the five-star honor for places that are truly unique and memorable. Chau's is excellent, though. Recommended.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,6/23/2012,402,2019,2,4,5>After trying the Houndstooth at The Crown and Hammer tasting event, we decided to check out their Friday open house and pick up some beer for home. Drove by the place the first time, its sort of a non descript  industrial building a ways off the road and the signage is minimal, but if you go by the numbers its easy to find. The "brewery" location is tiny. but as long as it's enough space to make these delicious small batch craft brews, it's big enough. Sampled the houndstooth, shipwright, fortnight and antiquity. Left with a Houndstooth growler and some Whiting St. All the beers were good and unique. Super friendly people, great local beer, free samples .. what a great way to start a Friday.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,6/22/2012,40,111,3,3,3>Oh ya! Foodgasmic. I was so unbelievably happy because of this place! My daughter and I decided to get out of our little pond and hit the big city.(CT joke)  LOL. Anyway just wanted a long ride away from computer work and a delicious meal. I remembered East West Grille and had not been there in many years.The choices are overwhelming so bring your big girl pants! I finally decided on the Tom Yum soup Thai style there is also Lao style, but I drool for the spicy Thai version. It was sooo frickin good! Normally this stuff makes me cry cause it is that hot, but this was very mild and the spices were wonderful. I had tender fresh shrimp added to mine.  I then had Massaman Curry with Shrimp. When the waiter came over to ask me how it was I was actually dancing in my seat. Love the massaman flavors and scent, fresh spices, again fresh tender shrimp. When the menu said it also had potatoes I though meh. What a surprise! There were  blue potatoes, sweet potatoes, and white potatoes in perfect sizes. And they have brown rice--very cool. All cooked to perfection --tenderrific. Okay my keyboard is going to short out if I don't stop drooling about this!My daughter had vegetarian pineapple fried rice and had them add in chicken (tee hee). Damn was that yummy too. We definitely brought home the leftovers and boy I can't wait to eat it for dinner.What a cute place!! It is a Lao Thai place (hence East West duh I was thinking burgers and Thia). It is basically a dinner with Eastern decorations and a funky fun atmosphere.  Next time I go, I will close my eyes and pick something or just tell the waiter to surprise me. Oh yeah, waitstaff was very friendly and responsive.Any drawbacks? Not in the prettiest location, but it is safe. I just love it .
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,6/21/2012,54,99,,5,5>I was taken aback by how many cars were in the parking lot on a Wednesday night. Slammin Jammin. I was told this place had awesome "dirt" wings. The largest problem I face with wings is although I love the crunchy crispiness when well cooked, the grease always make me feel not so hot after the fact:( So I was leary of trying wings that have been double fried. But to my surprise, these wings were absolutely NOT greasy at all! They were great, tasty and not greasy, just juicy but still crisp. In addition, I would say the rest of the menu definitely reflects tavern style dining...steaks, soups,salads,  hearty sandwiches, and a nice beer and wine list.I live about 30 mins from J.Tim's but I'll be making the trip again....and soon!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/20/2012,134,153,3,2,2>If you're an Italian American like myself, like to drink Espresso with Sambuca and socialize with your fellow Piasans, while watching a soccer match, then this is the place for you.  Maria, the owner, has been serving me un caffe for years.  During lunch, sometimes you can catch her meatballs, and sauce but you better be quick because it goes within minutes.  If you don't have any luck catching Maria's pasta and sauce then she can make a nice cheese, olive, peppers , and dried sausage platter for you. They also have a small selection of Italian imported goods as well.  Cafe Italia is in the North End of Waterbury but that doesn't bother the faithful locals that go there and it shouldn't bother you either so as you drive there don't turn around;)
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2012,6/19/2012,15,136,,4,2>Driving by on Saturday night, we could see this place was packed.  The street was lined with cars, but we still managed to find a spot in the lot around back.  The Iron Frog is located in some sort of restaurant compound.  I believe there are four restaurants all attached.Walking in, it's nice, clean, well-lit.  They have a dining side, and a tavern side.  We chose the tavern side.  It's not so much a tavern as a dining area that happens to have a bar in it.  No dimly lit booths to sit and drink in all night, but plenty of tall bar tables positioned around the bar, and another dining area off to the side.  There is also a deck, but it appeared to be closed.  Our hostess was pleasant, and grabbed us from the bar after the short wait for a table/booth.  The booth was comfortable.  One of my buddies is about 6'3" and part yeti.  He slid in and out of there without a problem, so you should have plenty of space.  Somebody was over to our table within a minute to check on the drink situation, and the waitress didn't take much longer.To start, we ordered the Pork Belly Sliders and the Risotto Balls.  The sliders are "3 Miso glazed pork sliders served on portugese muffins with scallions, cucumber and sweet potato chips."  It's a good thing we had three people, because nobody should eat all of these to the head.  It's basically a piece of sausage and a block of fat on a roll.  Try them.  They're absolutely amazing.  The sweet potato kettle chips on the side are also delicious.  Okay, on to the Risotto Balls.  The risotto was cooked to perfection, and the parmesan fondue it came with was great.  They're big, deep-fried balls of goodness.  I would definitely recommend trying them.None of us ordered an entree off of the menu, instead opting for the wild boar ragu over pasta they had on special.  The sauce was incredibly flavorful, and it had plenty of boar's meat.  The pasta was some kind of long, broad, thick noodle that I'm a fan of.The food was excellent, and the staff is competent.  The bathroom situation is a little wonky.  You actually have to leave the restaurant, and go use the communal bathroom in the compound.  Hopefully, the actual dining area has its own bathroom.  Overall, I was quite pleased with my experience.  The tavern side doesn't strike me as anywhere you'd go hang out to be social and meet new people.  It's more of a sit down and hang out with the people you came with type of place.  So, stop in for a few drinks with dinner, but you may want to keep it moving if you're looking for a boozey night out.  The Iron Frog is definitely worth a visit.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,6/18/2012,11,18,2,4,4>Let me just say as a non-drinker, I still absolutely LOVE this place. They always have a huge selection (20+) beers on tap, and even for me they taste good. Their mixed drinks have always come out very delicious. And their staff are always amazingly welcoming. Its a very laid back atmosphere, and there's even awesome outdoor space in the back. I try to eat something new every time I go and have never been disappointed- I've recently been stuck on their trough of Mac and cheese. I TELL EVERYONE TO TRY IT AT LEAST ONCE. It always hits the spot (for two meals it's so big), along with their spinach dip, and fried pickles and jalepenos appetizers. Its an experience- one you will seriously go back for over and over.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,6/17/2012,16,40,3,4,2>I recommend you go and try BarTaco out yourself.  I am a fan.My 13-year-old daughter and I were in the area, and we went to Barcelona, as we always do.  It's our go-to restaurant, but tonight -- a Wednesday night at 8 pm, mind you -- the place was packed, and the wait was long.  This gave us the opportunity to go to BarTaco, which is owned by the same person. BarTaco was also filled to the gills, but we got the last table in the joint.Noisy, trendy and cool, we loved it.  Based on the same concept of Barcelona where you can order a number of small dishes, we got guacamole, six mini-tacos -- beef, chicken, pork belly, pork al pastor, baja fish, and spicy chorizo --, a beef rice bowl, spicy cucumber salad, and grilled corn slathered in a rich sauce and cotija cheese. The guac was perfect -- simply seasoned with lime, salt, and onion. The chicken and beef were juicy, tender, and nicely flavored.  The corn was decadent.  The only things I would pass on the next time would be the spicy chorizo taco, which was fine but not worth taking up space in the tray if I could order something else, and the spicy cucumber salad, which was ordinary.  With the latter, I think it might be better if the cucumber were thinly sliced with a mandoline instead of the thicker slices we received tonight.For more flavor, there are three salsas on the table -- tomatillo (mild), chipotle (medium), and habanero (spicy).  They were all very good, but I especially liked the fruity and hot habanero sauce.Since I am not that cool, being a mom of teenagers, I would not want to wait for long periods of time to sit down at this popular place.  I would be strategic instead, coming at off-peak hours, so I could stroll in, get a seat, and enjoy the food and nice wait staff. Finally, it should be noted that this restaurant is LOUD when it's full. It's fun if you're up for it.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,6/16/2012,47,138,2,5,3>Smokey's is a Very good option if you are looking for top quality BBQ.  There are very few places locally that offer it on this sort of level so it is definitely worth your time.Some highlights include St.Louis style ribs, pulled pork and tender beef brisket.  A quick word about the brisket:  It was almost like eating sliced prime rib though I would have preferred a bit more sauce.  Nonetheless, you can always add more of your own.  The two main sauce offerings are a sweet St. Louis style and a tangy Carolina style vinegar based sauce.  I prefer the St. Louis.I would suggest getting The Sampler combo platter which will get you all three meats mentioned above, along with BBQ chicken, two sides and cornbread for $11.99.The sides are offered in three different sizes if purchased ala carte.  Highlights include baked beans, Mac and cheese and homemade apple poppy seed coleslaw.  This is some of the best slaw I've ever had.  I am picky about slaw and am always hoping it won't be too soupy. This wasn't.  In fact, it goes well on a pulled pork or brisket sandwich, which are also excellent offerings. The best part of the sandwich menu is that you can get them on either a sesame seed roll or, get this, Texas toast!!  Go for the toast.  It is a very nice touch and holds the sandwich together very well.The all beef hot dog with chili is also a surprisingly hearty menu option.  I am also picky about chili on hot dogs and Smokey's chili meat sauce is better than a lot of famous hot dog stand recipes.As I mentioned, there are not a lot of top quality BBQ options in the area, so when one comes around and they do the good work that Smokey's does, you are sure to have a great food experience.  Smokey's definitely delivers!!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,6/15/2012,81,208,,4,4>Oh, Highland Park Market, how do I love thee?1.They're owned by a local family and they work in the stores. 2. Great meat department.  3. Pizza sold by the huge slice. 4. Great in-house sushi chef and sushi selection. 5. Nice to stop in after a hike at Case Mountain and grab a drink and a bite to eat. 6. Love the people who work there. So friendly. 7.  The cute HS boys who carry your groceries out to you car. Awwwww. 8. They hooked me up with a gift card for a fundraiser I did last year no problem. 9. When I bought greek yogurt cups and the seal was broken, I emailed them via their web site and they sent a letter the same week with a refund in it!! Who does that?? These people.Well worth spending a little extra to support a local, family-owned operation that takes the time to do everything right.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,6/14/2012,35,24,3,6,4>I love Frankie's! One of the best parts of summer is going to this location to grab some good ol' fashion hot dogs and then hitting up Carvel right next store. (Do not plan on coming here if you believe in diets.) There is a pavillion to the left of the parking lot where you can enjoy your fried goodness and the kids can run around behind it on the grass. There are plenty of garbage cans to keep down the mess. My go to food, the classic foot long with Frankie's famous relish (OH MY GOODNESS), clam strip roll, and lobster roll, oh wait yea, and the cheese cubes. Did I mention plan on cheating on your diet? The staff is always very friendly and attentive and the food is just.....oh just go! lol
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,6/13/2012,312,447,4,5,4>I had plans with a friend  to get Thai food in the Center last night but something came up and we had to reschedule.  That didn't change the fact that I had been thinking of pad thai all day and couldn't shake my craving.  Since Thai Room is one of the closer Thai restaurants to me I decided to get take out and enjoy it alone in front of the boob tube.Tom Ka Gai (Coconut Chicken Soup): Some of the best I have had anywhere.  Excellent coconut based broth with the perfect consistency, extremely flavorful with a nice amount of heat, and chock full of white meat chicken pieces, mushrooms, green and red peppers, onion, galangal, lemongrass, lime leaves, cilantro and scallions.  Mmm.  Som Tum (Green Papaya Salad):  This was my first time having this dish and I thought it was great.  Veggies were very fresh and crunchy, nice balance of sweet, sour, and salty.  Peanuts and fish sauce dominated the flavors.  Very good.  A first experience that left a positive impression.Pad Thai:  Prior to opening my take-out container, I was struck by how heavy it felt.  I opened it to find a densely packed rectangle of mouthwatering pad thai with ample amount of bean sprouts on one side, and two large lime wedges and crushed peanuts on the other side.  More delicious food = happy eater.  Noodles had a good mouthfeel and were very tasty.  I ordered mine with tofu and it was awesome.  Great decision.  Loved it all.  Craving satisfied.
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,6/12/2012,115,309,,12,5>Wow!!   Cool Find...  A friend of mine  said... and I quote.  They opened a new Puerto Rican bakery ...I'm in trouble; their quesitos are like the ones from Bayamon!   I know where Bayamon is located, Puerto Rico I did not know what she meant by Quesitos.   That's all I needed to hear because when it comes to food... she's a foodie.Location - across from Prospect Cafe on Prospect, on the West Hartford, Hartford line next to West Hartford Lock.I went with my wife to check it out.  I uploaded some pictures to show you what this place is all about.  The Quesitos, it turns out are Puff pastries, covered with a shiny sweet glaze.  The filling is a cheesy sweet filling with another flavor that I cannot quite place.  Very very good.   We ordered two "Sanwiches"  (not a typo)  A Cubano and an Egg Bacon and cheese.  The roll, not a traditional roll at all, this is like a 18" long loaf of bread, baked fresh an sliced down the side, some of the inside bread may have been removed or maybe it was just that light an puffy.  The roll itself was a delight.  Crammed into cubano was tasty pork and lettuce and more.  See the picture.  The egg and cheese was prepared the same way.  Both the Sanwiches were served on a piece of wax paper laid on a standard bakery sheet.  Kind of interesting presentation.  Check out the pic, they cut the sanwiches in half...  Next time I go with my wife, we are splitting one.  (she says)  HA!  There was a lot of food there, if you go you are definitely having a Quesito...  I am still learning the ins and outs of this type of food..  I do believe this was a great stop, I do recommend it..
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,6/10/2012,52,107,7,6,2>Another Margarita? Well, I don't really drink, but.... YES! ON THE ROCKS! NO SALT! AHORA! AHORA!This is THE best Mexican Restaurant I've been to in all my travels in search of the perfect Queso Dip. I've traveled all the way to Arizona on a quest for the creamiest, smoothest, most delicious Queso dip with just the right blend of cheese and spice and HERE it was right in my own backyard! Maybe I was licking the bowl, so what! Get back in your own ornately Spanish carved booth and stop staring at me. Sure they'll bring me another tray of HOT and crispy tortillas, but this Queso Dip is like a fine wine! Don't judge me!What I love here:1. I think I've pretty much summarized the QUESO DIP.2. Fajitas For Two. Mounds of Steak and Chicken, perfectly seasoned and served with all the fixin's. All fajitas are not equal! These ones have made men cry. (Well, that might have been my fork stabbing their hand for taking more than their half of the fajitas. But still. That good.)3. Fresh Guacamole. 4. Hot, I mean, Hospitable Spanish Waiters in Black.Great food, excellent service - they fill your water glass before it's even half empty! Great ambiance, too. I posted a photo of their wall to the restrooms. I don't normally find beauty in wall to the bathroom of a restaurant, but this was very stylish! Candles in the whole wall. Very upscale feel. The bar looks fun too, but I wasn't the cool girl getting drinks - I was the chubby chick pounding back Queso dip. Not exactly "pick up" material. But it certainly looks like a great spot to bring a date. Once you're past the dainty dating etiquette stage and you're ready to chow down - head on over to the booths, unbutton your pants and pile it in! The food that is. Get your mind out of the gutter. Sorry, I write a little friskier after two margaritas. Especially theirs! They make VERY good drinks! ENJOY!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,6/9/2012,69,136,1,5,4>Three Amigo's is going through some really exciting changes, and just  happened to  go there last night for dinner with the family. Our daughter really loved her child's cheese quesidilla. My wife had the beef taco salad, that really tasted yummy with fresh add on's. I had the Chili Verde Burrito, which he packed up with about a 1lb  of fresh Mexican pineapple,corn, salsa, rice, re-fried beans and more..I couldn't have been more happier!!!Then you also have 3 choices of medium , light or hot homemade Salsa Bar too! Plenty of napkins there to clean up after this somewhat messy but very good Burrito!!!The person who was working there , seems to be the new guy in charge. I love him, because of his fast & friendly service & dedication to this business!Even on a Friday night, with streams of folks  walking in, he was able to handle everybody's order efficiently and quickly!!The bottom line, it's fast but freshly cut veggies & meat and you will  feel delightfully full after walking out of Three Amigos with a big smile on your face!We'll be back next week!!!
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,6/8/2012,88,512,3,3,3>I've never bought anything from here YET, but that's because I'm afraid to bankrupt myself with all the cool stuff Julia stocks.Julia, the owner is AWESOME, and she has fun promotions like high-five day where you high-five her and get 15% off - or college students can get a discount and a package of ramen with their ID (I'm not sure I have that deal 100% right or if she still does that, so don't quote me on that.)I'm enamored with all of the jewelry though and one of these days I'll suck it up and buy a pair - I'll just have to restrain myself from buying 5 more after that :)If Torrington could attract more people like Julia to open places like Brazen Betties, the oft-discussed "Downtown Revitalization" would pretty much do itself.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2011,6/7/2012,151,213,1,10,4>Nice cozy local cafe with great coffee.  The owner is extremely nice to all the patrons and also very gracious to all the characters that walk through the doors.  He consistently serves coffee with a smile and shakes hands with all the other local businesses and residents.  You gotta love that.Free WiFi. 15 min for 25 cents street parking in the heart of West Hartford. Close to all major restaurants and cute shops.No mugs. :(Great place to chat, read, or take an ice cream break!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,6/6/2012,1455,389,6,12,6>Tony:  I think I know what's going on here.Jerry:  Huh?Tony:  And I just wanna hear it from you.  But I want you to be straight with me.  Don't lie to me Jerry.  Ya know that motor oil you're putting in there?  From one of those quickie lube places, isn't it?Jerry:  Well, I change it so often...Tony:  Jerry, motor oil is the lifeblood of a car.  Okay, ya put in a low-grade oil and you can damage vital engine parts, okay?  See this gasket?  I have no confidence in that gasket.Every time I walk in, I am immediately reminded of Tony, the eccentric mechanic on Seinfeld.While Peter (owner) doesn't badger you for bringing in an improperly maintained bike, he is 200% committed to his work - just like Tony.This is why I have the utmost confidence in everything he does.  For years I've brought my bikes to Peter for issues resulting from dirt, water, rocks, jumps, and the occasional tree.  I ride hard - and it shows.  I brought my 1-year old 21-speed GT mountain bike in the other day for a tune up - for $59 Peter took apart my entire bike, cleaned everything, and put it back together.  It works better than when I originally purchased it new - each gear switch is smooth and the ride is flawless.  His work is guaranteed for a year so after a summer of riding it hard, I can bring it back if I am having any issues, free of charge.Just like the notion of bringing my car to Jiffy Lube for an oil change (never going to happen) - I would be much less confident about the quality of service dropping my bike off at Dick's or REI for a "tune up."Peter has built a successful business around his passion, and I wouldn't bring my bike anywhere else.  Neither should you.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,6/5/2012,8,35,2,8,3>We have been hearing good things about J. Gilbert's forever, and finally made it in last weekend.  The rumors proved true; dinner was excellent.The selection of appetizers looked enticing but, being absolutely famished, we ordered our entrees right away and noshed on some of the house bread (surprisingly delicious, served with an interesting pastrami butter) while we waited.  I had the filet, which was perfect.  Great cut, prepared a perfect medium rare.  My sides were equally spectacular.  "Green beans with pecans" is an insufficient description-- I had perfectly blanched haricot verts, sauteed in a delicious onion marmalade and topped with finely diced spiced candied pecans.  The poblano potatoes gratin was a pleasant riff on the classic; deliciously creamy, crispy and cheesy, with plenty of firey flavor.  The better half had the "cowboy cut" ribeye.  So flavorful, and perfectly cooked.  His sides shone as well-- grilled asparagus and a true salt-baked potato, served to order with any topping you'd like.  It feels funny to be raving about the sides but, when you have your choice of places that offer a nice steak, this really did set J. Gilbert's apart.  Nice variety on the wine list-- we ordered an interesting (and very reasonably priced) bottle of pinot noir.  For dessert, we shared the creme brulee and I had a cappuccino.  Both were very good.  So was the service.  My sole critique is of the atmosphere.  It feels very chain restaurant-ish.  Casual and crowded, not much thought was given to the feel of the place.  It makes for a strange dichotomy between the food you are eating and the environment you're eating it in.  It's obvious that great care has gone into planning the menu, and the execution is spot on, but look up from your dish and you feel like you're at red lobster (or some other awful place like it that serves steak).  It's more an observation than it is a deal-breaking deterrent; I'll be back, and J. Gilbert's is always packed.  (Reservations definitely recommended.)
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,6/4/2012,259,227,1,5,4>My mouth is watering from reliving the food from Agave.... yummmmmmAtmosphere: Loud and warm and casual. People watching sports at the bar, talking and meeting up with people. Large groups having a good time. The back room was very nice--nicely decorated and open. Great for large group parties. Food: Everything came in LARGE portions, definitely enough for dinner and tomorrow's lunch. I highly recommend:+ A mixture and match taco plate+ adobo burritos--all of them are good and HUGE. Comes with yummy rice and beans.+ if you want it fried-get the adobo chimmichanga--also very delicious+ Vegetarians will like the Black Bean burger+ Chicken/Beef enchilada-delicious and large portioned as well+ The Guacamole--they have it for decoration on the table when you sit...it's good but not worth the money you pay for it. They don't give you That much.Definitely call to make sure your reservation is set up the right way--they messed up on ours a few times. The service is nice but a little on the slow side. They don't come and check on you as much (esp. if you are in the back room).Overall, delicious food and a very fun atmosphere. =)
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,6/2/2012,397,324,6,33,8>Oh Pho Lovers on Yelp you're going to pee in your pants with excitement. If you're anything like me you're always on the look out for a new pho joint that is clean, upscale and offers friendly service. Pho 75CT in Windsor Locks might be the answer. When I walked in I was totally in shocked. Finally a pho joint that spent some money on the décor. The interior is decorated very chic yet safari like. Not sure what they are aiming for but I have to say I do like the look because its so different from many of the other pho places around. They opened up only a few days ago (Friday to be exact). Their menu still looks incomplete but let me tell you I'm excited to see the final product. Think PF Chang but pho style. Dried bamboo sticks and large lanterns hang from the walls. The owners invested more than a few pennies on the menu cover. I know its silly but it feels as if I finally found a pho joint that I will be happy with. So far so good, silverware is clean and sparky. Stoneware matches and all the chairs match!! GOD does listen, I feel like I finally found a pho place that won't make me sick. Most of the time I cringe when I'm out having pho. The location might work for them too because they're sandwiched between McDonalds and Dunkin Donuts. Now on to the food. Garnishing herbs and sprouts were fresh. No wilted herbs and the lime wasn't dry. And the waitress wasn't rude when I asked for more limes. Those things are very important to me, I'm one who uses the whole plate of sprouts so having tons of fresh sprouts is the key to great pho for me.  Upon examination I already approved of the freshness of the garnish. The broth needs some improvement. They made the broth bare, which means you pretty much dress it up yourself. Now if you never had pho before that is pretty hard. I had to dump in tons and tons of condiments sauce, hot sauce and limes. The sriracha sauce was not Huy Fong brand (the one with the  chicken). I think they are bottling up the Thai Sriracha (Shark brand) I have both in my kitchen and I'm 99% sure its not Huy Fong brand because the Huy Fong brand is sweeter and more ketchupy. Anyways back to the broth, it was was sorta blah. I prefer a rich beefy broth where I know the broth has been shimmering for hours. I don't like broth from a Knorr cube.  From what I can tell it wasn't from a Knorr package but I think the owners need to work on the flavor of broth a little. It needs a kick, once they achieve that kick this place will be amazing to eat.  Portions are huge and they're priced similar to pho places in Hartford. Silly as it is, I'm excited to dine at a pho place that is clean and has some ambiance to it.  The tables are pretty nice too, each table has woodwork on it.  On my next trip I'll make sure I pay more attention to the food.  Tons and tons of tables, the restaurant can hold at least 40 people. 4 stars for right now because the broth needs some tweaking which can be easily done. I've cooked pho before so I know all they need to do is add more bones.  The traditional décor and cleanliness alone gets major points from me.  If I was living in the area I would be their best customer.Minor improvements to bring this place to a 5 : Noodles are dry noodles, they need to be soaked properly or else they won't have a sticky rice texture. Or just go with the fresh packages that many of the other pho places us. Broth - must be seasoned so that new pho lovers can enjoy pho without the know how. Plus some of us are lazy. Sriracha sauce - stick with Huy Fong because its familiar and Shark brand isn't the best for pho.Oh the combo - please indicate that there is pork. I don't eat pork and was surprised.Bubble Tea $5 a tad too steep!They are serving Banh Mi now, lunch special for $8, you get fries, sandwich and a can of soda. Meat choices are pork, beef and tofu. It's bigger than what I've seen on Park Street but... pricy.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2012,6/1/2012,6,208,5,9,4>I have been shopping at Casa Brasil in Parkville since I returned from Southeast Asia in September 2009. I had trouble recording the correct address because there is another business with the same name on Park Road in West Hartford; however, it isn't a grocery store. The owner of Casa Brasil in Parkville doesn't speak English very well, but all items are well labelled. Every time I have been in the grocery store there was another man there who was able to translate my requests into Portuguese. So you shouldn't have a difficult time if you are patient. Writing down what you want is another suggestion just in case you can't pronounce Portuguese correctly. I first went there to purchase açai pulp after a trip to Brazil in 2009. I fell in love with the stuff, and it has wonderful medicinal properties. The price was very reasonable, so I was able to add it to my juice mix. Açai pulp is not something you can drink straight up as it is very strong, even after mixing it with water. If you can drink it straight up without adding sugar as the Brasilians do, you are tougher than I am.  Casa Brazil keeps the product in the freezer near the back of the store. The label on the package is "Polpa de Açai Medio" and it sells for a very reasonable $4.15: there are four units of frozen Acai Fruit Pulp in each package, one for each juice mix. Another good deal in the freezer section is "Pao De Queijo," the most delicious cheese balls you have ever had in your life. It isn't pronounced the way it looks. You buy them frozen and uncooked, so you just place them on a cooking sheet, put them into an oven at 350 for 30 minutes, and then pop them into your mouth. I'll be willing to bet you can't eat just one of these little devils. Wait until they cool off a little. You get about 18 of these tiny cheese balls for $2.99, another great bargain. I made a batch today and they were quite good; not as good as the freshly baked versions I had in Brazil, but then again, I am not in Brasil. I stopped by the other day for Pao De Queijo and Golden Berries from Brazil and noticed that they now sell Pilao coffee, one of the best coffees in the world. In my estimation it is Kona #1, Pilao #2 & Trung Nguyen Legendee #3. They sell a 500-gram vacuum-packed brick (a half a kilo) of Pilao for $6.99. Every time I travel to Brazil I take two suitcases with me, and I always bring back 10 kg or 20 bricks of Pilao coffee with me:10 in each suitcase. My friends all over the country can't wait for them; they expect them as gifts when I return from Brazil. Now they can buy them for themselves. LOL. Casa Brazil didn't have any Golden Berries when I visited this week (I guess I will have to go to some high end and expensive "health" store to buy Dr. Oz's latest suggestion). I put the word in the owner's ear about the Golden Berries and it was translated by his friend, so I am sure they will have them in a month or so for much less than the Health Store price. Of course, you may have your own Brazilian treasures to purchase; give this little store a chance and stop in for a look and you may find a surprise or two. I am definitely a fan of Casa Brazil, which basically caters to Brazilian immigrants who live in the area.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,5/31/2012,803,1274,6,5,7>Ice cream, frozen yogurt, and SHAVED ICE!! Went today for the first scoops of the season, I had the coffee toffee ice cream and it was excellent. Have had many kinds of their frozen treats and all are fine. The shaved ice is kind of fun- you don't really see a lot of that around anywhere. It's in a very rural setting with barns and silos and mooing cows. When the wind is right, you can do more than hear the cows, if ya catch my drift. All part of this place's charm...........
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,5/30/2012,8,5,1,5,3>The atmosphere & ambiance are top-notch!  Truly a romantic setting with great music. Let me start with the table nachos and salsa, one word TERRIFIC! The best salsa I've ever had in my life, I wanted to lick the bowl. The chips were warm and fresh, also tasty alone. I ordered the Budin de Mariscos (tortilla pie) it was delicious.The pobalno cream sauce was amazing. My husband ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano, we ate half of one another's dish and I can tell you the Enchiladas were also delicious. I love Mole, and this mole was superb, not as spicy as I prefer but delicious nonetheless. They have an extensive Tequila selection, my husband ordered the 1800, and savored every sip. It's a bit pricey, but well worth it . The manager came to our table to introduce herself , because she found out this was our first visit, she gave us a complimentary dessert the Tres Leches, and Oh my was it incredible. Spongey, sweet, deliciousness. I will definitely be going back to Besito.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2012,5/29/2012,69,97,1,4,5>It's very hard for me to judge my favorite places when they have multiple locations.  I tend to give the benefit of the doubt to all of the locations, based on my own allegiance for the brand.That's a long way of saying that I love the Glastonbury location of Plan B, but it may just be because I love Plan B in general.  Read this review at your peril.I've been to the location several times, the most recent with members of my wife's family (traveling from out of state).  I was excited to bring them to one of my favorite CT eateries, and was interested to see how they would enjoy the place.On all of my visits to the Glastonbury location, the service has been superb.  On my last visit, it was no exception.  The waiter found out that I was a fan of craft beers, and took it upon himself to bring me a sampler of beers.  I explained my overall taste in beers, and he brought three beers that fit the taste.As we all know, though, the main attraction is the burgers.  They are flavorful and cooked perfectly: Plan B always allows the natural flavor of the beef to shine through, and the toppings are just an addition.Everything else is secondary.  Sure, the tater tots are great, as are the sweet potato fries.   But, Plan B makes it abou the burgers, and they are awesome.At the Glastonbury location, parking can be a bit challenging during busy times (lunch, Friday night dinner).  There is valet parking, and I would recommend it on your first time through, rather than trying to deal with the hassle of trying to find a spot.This location does not take reservations, and you can't call ahead for a spot.  If you're heading over during a high-traffic time, expect a wait.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,5/28/2012,125,121,3,4,3>This hole-in-the-wall find is really cramped, and the menu is really limited, but it works. These guys do pho, and they do it well. Why mess with that?I ordered the medium pho, and the beef-to-broth ratio here was pretty impressive. The broth was good and not too greasy. As other Yelpers mentioned, this broth IS less beefy-flavored than most places...but it's still tasty. Oh, and the broth is probably not spicy enough for those who like it flaming HOT. But you can always kick it up a notch (or many notches) with the addition of one or all of the following: oyster sauce, 2 types of soy sauce, white pepper, and of course the ever-glorious sriracha. I know these may be typical accompaniments, but some pho joints only offer one sauce and that's it, so this was a nice surprise.As we were paying at the counter, we were drawn in by a huge platter of freshly-made, golden dessert balls rolled in sesame seeds. I think they're called banh cam / banh ran? Whatever they're called, they are my new love! I'm surprised no one else has mentioned them here. It didn't matter that I was already stuffed from my pho meal, this little treat was the PERFECT ending to a nice lunch. My mouth is seriously watering as I type this.After reading the other Yelp reviews, now I NEED to go back and try me some of that shrimp pho! Sounds absolutely amazing.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,5/27/2012,59,250,,4,3>The Hartford Children's Theatre is one of the best kept secrets in the area.  Over the last couple of years, we have been to almost every one of their performances and they are simply wonderful.  My daughters (ages 5 and 7) enjoy them as much as I do.  We are beginning to recognize some of the actors from show to show, which is such fun.  I am continually amazed by how versatile they are, as well as how good.  The shows are great for little ones - both in subject matter and duration - and older children and adults will appreciate the humor in the shows and the quality of the acting.  We already have tickets to the final two plays of the year and can't wait to go.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,5/26/2012,175,385,2,10,3>I'd typically  never review a liquor store, but I think South End Spirits deserves special recognition (and I think most of its repeat patrons would agree).  3 highlighted experiences:1) Grandfather's 90th birthday: The owner, Jim, patiently walked me through the store selecting wines and champagnes for our party (40 people).  We must have spent 30 minutes talking through all the choices, and I was able to sip on my final selections just to be certain.  I never felt rushed, and Jim knows his stuff.  Guests marveled at how much they enjoyed the selections.  2) Hosting a large delegation of Korean officials.  Jim once again spent an inordinate amount of time figuring out what our guests would enjoy.  I knew my guests would prefer light-bodied, sweeter wines.  Neither he nor I like light-bodied, soft wines, but he still knew precisely what to get.  I came in with a budget, but never sensed he was trying to reach that number.  We ended up nowhere near my max budget, and I left ecstatic.  Party was a blast, and the guests kept asking about the wine.3) Buying whiskey for playoff football.  I have had little experience drinking whiskey, but wanted to bring a nice bottle for some special friends.  Jim wasn't in the store, but TJ had the same style.  Patient, knowledgeable, and looking out for the best interests of the customer.  Whether you are looking for 1 bottle to share with your family or a dozen bottles to share with a large party, South End Spirits is the place to be.  They have a vast array of selections, and they are knowledgeable, friendly, patient.  Most importantly, they make you feel important, and they truly look out for your best interests.  It comes as no surprise that I will return time and again for my liquor needs.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,5/25/2012,51,26,6,5,5>I think people don't like sashimi because they haven't had good sashimi. Same thing can apply to sushi as well, since rolls are such a big part of the Japanese cuisine. I wasn't a fan of Japanese food until I had really good Japanese food during my one year saga in the West coast. When I moved back to the East coast, I thought to myself, "My days of good Japanese food is over", and cried a little inside.  Then, a colleague of mine took me to Ginza for lunch one day. Perhaps it was during a weekday and I was happy to just get out of work, perhaps I haven't had Japanese food for so long, perhaps I was just so happy to find someone who loves Japanese as much as I do, I fall in love with their sashimi on the first bite. And have been back since. I was skeptical when I first entered the restaurant, generic Asian theme decor, might have even sneered when I looked at their menu. When a Japanese restaurant also serves Chinese or even Thai dishes in their menu, I get suspicious. I looked at their menu and couldn't decide. I asked the nice middle-aged wait staff, if the chef makes chirashi bowls, something that is not on their menu? He consulted with the sushi chef and came back with a positive. The dish came in a huge plate and not in a bowl but it was chirashi bowl alright. The fishes were so fresh and seafood sweet, I melted inside. Since then, I have ordered more chirashi bowls and also their sushi dishes. All very well done. My favorite is salmon sashimi (sake), other than tasting so good, I also feel very smart after eating fish, because my mom told me so when I was a little girl. Also, the price is right, especially if you come for lunch during the week. My only problem is I need to find someone who will come with me everyday for lunch...
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2012,5/24/2012,31,250,,4,2>So because Freesia is in love with this place =) I had to try it as she seems to have great taste.  We went today, Cinco de Mayo the most popular day ever of course. It was good, soooo good. We got an order to go and I think this place could easily become perfect.Only a 20-25 min wait and the place was PACKED, like I couldn't move packed. It was not only clean but it smelled yummy inside! We ordered food for 6 people, it only came to $37 bucks. Wow! We could've actually ordered a little more but still. We were unsure of all the different portions (Quesdillas were not big enough to be a meal) I got the sandwich which was HUGE and yummy. Mr. Meriden C who said it had no flavor must've forgot the cilantro and salsa, sour cream and awesome guacamole. A couple suggestions for their to-go orders: 1) MORE SALSA! we didn't have nearly enough. 2) Hot sauce! - We had hot sauce at home but that's something I think thats something we should have, the girl behind the counter even asked if we wanted all the sauces. Now I know approx portions, I can be a little more prepared. But the prices and the quality of the food here can't be beat. No greasy crap. Just fresh food. YUM!
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/23/2012,128,184,2,5,3>OMFG this is it.Only been once; will update as revisit. We got takeout on a SUN @ about 5pm.Both the bahn mi and pho get the thumbs up.The bahn mi bread is more... doughy, like (a real NYC) bagel. But, its still my fave*. We got the standard and the grilled chicken. Not spicy at all; this was good, tho, as companion is lesser able to deal w/ zip. I may prepare some zip** next time, just in case the peppers are zipless again. Pho is fragrant, tending toward as wife makes it (who makes it over the top fragrant). Seems there's a bit of cinnamon and some other things that weren't so obvious. All the usual veggies included. We got the beef (red, red; her first time, my companion was somewhat taken aback), the chicken (ga), and the grilled chicken (ga nuong). 2yo daughter liked the chicken, companion and I preferred the grilled chix.Don't go here for the ambiance; other than the friendliness and lack of schmaltzy shows on TV (we watched traditional dance on the small TV), its nil. Then again, so many of the eateries in VN don't have much, either. There are about 7 tables, 3 of them for 6-8 ppl. The service is very friendly; we waited, and the owner gave my 2yo a fun little keyboard w/ which to play. But it seems dishes come out as they are ready. So, your companion may be eating before you, or verse vica. I think. Don't know about the booze; don't remember any bia being served.There did seem to be some tasty desserts.The bad:Recommended is that you order aheads; it took a bit for us to get our stuff; but, we had ordered 2 bahn mi and 3 pho. Another dish materialized along with, grilled chix, pork and shrimp with rice.Qualifications:I'm a whiteboy and only been to VN twice (about two months total), and my wife is VN (from the North; shut up. She'll kick your a... backside). We've traveled to:- HaNoi- HCMC- Phu Quoc- Nha Trang    -== seafood and mudbaths- Mui Ne*Note: I tend to not like the biggies in NYC, Paris Bakery, bahn mi SaiGon, etc. They are OK; I prefer Ba Xuyen in Brooklyn. Next time to Boston, I'll have to compare this to my fave, New SaiGon.** Jalapenos are recommended.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,5/22/2012,79,190,,10,4>My teacher brought my class here for dinner this week and it was ridiculously good and filling food!First off...get the Ginger juice...I think it's homemade...but it's absurdly good. I was sick when we went there and drinking that juice (basically pressed ginger & brown sugar) made me feel slightly better. It's spicy though, so use caution if you're not into that ginger KICK!The ambience is cool...it's a small place with probably like 6 tables. The woman who works there is very sweet. They just opened at this location (they have another one in the bronx) but their food is awesome so I'm not too worried for them. They gave me & my whole party a plate piled high with deliciousness. Black eyed peas, rice, cassava (a root vegetable somewhat comparable to a potato), oxtail, fried fish, some sauteed leafy green (spinach?), and fried plantains. The delicious-ity was overwhelming to behold - the food was incredible, filling, and hot! We finished with some homemade "kosey" (bread with honey & brown sugar etc...delicious) and packed up the rest of our huge plates for some taste bud euphoria to go!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,5/21/2012,55,281,,5,2>Stopped in here last night before a concert. Had crab cakes and JUMBO shrimp (mini lobster tails?) as an app. Very good! Nice creamy sauce with the crabcakes too, the cocktail sauce was nice and nose clearing. I think they must use fresh horse radish!For dinner I had the Jack size (small) prime rib, potato, mixed green and yellow beans, nice big salad. All very god! The prime rib was tender and juicy and GIGANTIC! Yes, I could not finish it! My wife had the fillet mignon, with potato and salad also, ALL were great!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2012,5/20/2012,11,11,3,6,3>Tea with Tracy recently offered a great Groupon deal that I just couldn't resist.  The deal was Afternoon Tea for Two and a tin of tea for each guest to take home for $21.  Can't beat that so I decided to treat my mom to afternoon tea on a rainy Saturday.Tea with Tracy is on Bank Street in Seymour, nestled among some cute antique and boutique stores.  Parking is available on the street only, but we didn't have any issues finding a close spot and there were no meters to worry about. If you can't find any spots on the street there are a few lots close by. My mother and I really enjoyed our experience at Tea with Tracy and we'd both go back again.  We were seated at a table for two in the corner between two large windows,  which was perfect.  I love the natural lighting the place gets from the windows.  The inside is cozy and comfortable. As I mentioned, we did the Afternoon Tea for Two which allowed us to select two scones, two types of tea sandwiches and two desserts.  We picked one cinnamon chai scone, one herb scone, chicken salad and cucumber mint for our sandwiches and chocolate chip cookies and the daily special, pumpkin cupcake with cream cheese frosting, for dessert.  We both selected the Almond Sugar Cookie tea.  We both loved the tea!  The scones were pretty good, we both didn't love the herb scone but that was really just our taste buds, nothing against the preparation, just a little too herby for us, if you like savory scones I am sure you'd love it. The cinnamon chai scone was good, a little chewy but great flavor.  The sandwiches were both great. There was something unique and so tasty about the chicken salad sandwich, I can't put my finger on it.  The cucumber mint sandwich was refreshing, it had cucumbers and cream cheese with fresh mint mixed in. The chocolate chip cookies were good, but a little well for my taste, I wished they were softer but the flavor was there.  The pumpkin cupcake, on the other hand, was to die for. That thing was perfect. It had just the right balance of sweet and spice and the cream cheese frosting was the perfect compliment.  The portion size was perfect for two and we left satisfied and happy!Service was great.  The owner Tracy was there and so friendly. It's always so wonderful to see the owner, you can tell she was very proud of her tea room and she has reason to be! When we were leaving we also met the owner's husband who was equally friendly and happy to hear our feedback. He asked if we'd come again and we said we sure would! Besides the owner our waitress was a young teenage girl who was very friendly.  She did not introduce herself so I have no idea what her name is, but she was welcoming and nice.  When she brought the tea out she asked if we wanted milk or half and half and my mother asked for milk but never got it. Not a big deal because my mom said she enjoyed her tea without it so she didn't bother to follow up.  They were pretty busy (maybe the Groupon?) so it was understandable and nothing big.With our deal we got to select two tins of tea to take with us. I chose Black Currant and my mom selected the English Breakfast. They have a huge retail selection of teas so even if you're running around with no time to stop and enjoy a tea in house you can always  pick up some to go!   We we were picking out the teas and were talking to one of the owners we got a glimpse of the kitchen and my mom commented on how exceptionally clean it was. Always a great sign!Overall, I was really happy with my afternoon tea at Tea with Tracy and I am sure I will be back.  The tea for two is a reasonable price at just $25 (not including the take home tea that was in the Groupon deal but everything else) and perfect for an afternoon out. I think this would be a great place for a kid's birthday party or a bridal shower (which they do host).  They have a nice selection of tea, scones, sandwiches and desserts so there's something for everyone.  They even have a kids menu with peanut butter and jelly/fluff/Nutella you name it. So if you find yourself in the valley or if you are looking for a nice treat head to Tea with Tracy, you won't be disappointed.  The owners are wonderfully friendly and I wish them nothing but success. I love seeing small local businesses flourish, especially when you can tell the owners have a passion for the business.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,5/19/2012,13,68,2,8,7>I love this quaint little breafast spot. The menu of decadent breakfast options will make your mouth water. I can't say I have indulged in any of those delicious options, but my husband ordered pancakes (I can't remember what kind) and loved them. The nice thing is, they have diet friendly options. I ordered an egg white veggie omelet and fruit. The omelet was not all greasy and laden with butter, just made right. The fruit was ripe and delicious. I hate when I order fruit and it's really under ripe, so this was a win.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2011,5/18/2012,27,42,,3,2>It's a cute little place.  The building itself is very inviting and it smells delicious in there.  The woman I'm assuming to be the owner looks great and seems to be very warm and loving as does the inside of the place.Those are the better points of my trip there.  I ordered a red velvet cupcake, an oreo cupcake and a reese's style peanut butter cupcake.  I brought these home to my fiance and the kiddos (ten and one yr old).  The red velvet was very good to me and the frosting was really good, it was my first time trying a red velvet anything and it won't be my last.  However, my fiance, the red velvet connoiseur was not impressed.  The oreo cupcake was just ok, the cake part was dry and the oreo-blended frosting was just grainy and lost a lot of creamy texture due to all the microscopic oreo dust, maybe if it were sprinkled on top and not incorporated throughout it would be better, I'm not certain if that would've really helped, as the flavor of the frosting was not amazing.  The cake part was a bit dry and cornbread textured too.  Buuuut the kids had a ball with this one, lol.  I'm not really into Reese's flavored anything except for the candy itself so I had the man be the judge, let's just say that one I had to throw out because it sat around for 3 days.  But that was possibly because he'd reached his sugar limit.  That's the so-so part of the review.Ok the younger employees in the bakery looked, like other reviews agree upon, to be a little snooty and like they were inconvenienced by my presence in the bakery.  I hate when I go into a place as a paying customer and employees look like I ruined their happy hour.  I could only imagine what difference my experience would have been had the owner stepped out for a bit but I don't like to assume the worst.  All in all, I feel like there's better out there.  But this place is still a keeper.Update: 6/3, I've gone back there yesterday and I must say the vibe in there was excellent.  Everyone was friendly and ready to assist and my red velvet was to die for.  I'm at work, which is five minutes from the joint and it's taking everything in me not to go grab two more on my break (sigh).  I think the red velvets will win this time damn-it.  On my way back :{
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2012,5/17/2012,112,156,3,3,2>Tried the pizza last night....LOVED IT!  A medium was plenty large enough for my friend and I with more than half left over.  Their pizza has lots of sauce, very little cheese, and TONS of toppings.  I ordered all veggies on the pie (not a huge fan of meat on pizza) and it was seriously wonderful.  I usually love very cheesy pizza but this was a nice change (and healthier, I suppose).  I will definitely order pizza there again!  The true test will be to see if my pizza snob of a boyfriend likes it....
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,5/16/2012,80,717,,8,7>Four stars alone for the "I've never seen anything like it" factor...Sakura is a big name in Connecticut, with several Sushi/Hibachi spots spread out over the state... This particular location appears different than all the rest, as this is a Sushi/Buffet restaurant...Before you know anything else, know that Sakura is expensive. You'll pay $28 a person for a weekend dinner... prices go down from there depending on the day of the week and time of day. If you happen to have a Monday-Thursday off, and you want to try this place on the cheap for lunch, you'll get in the door for $15.Once you enter said door, you're immediately immersed in a typically over-decorated Japanese environment. Yeah, it's ungapatchka, intense, even a little bit trippy, but it's still a cool place to have a meal in a Disney theme-park sort of way...Word to the wise: To get your money's worth, skip the hot buffet altogether. I'm not saying the hot buffet is bad. In fact, it's quite good. But you didn't pay upwards of $28 for all the fairly typical Chinese/Japanese cuisine you can eat. You came for all the SUSHI you can eat.And that's what's special. The sushi menu here is as expansive as anywhere else, but it's one fixed price, and it's very good. Fresh, unique, flavorful, and unlimited. Stuff your face until you feel like buddha :).Because of the high expense, I can't say that this will be a regular restaurant of mine... but I'd definitely put it on my "Gotta try it at least once" list. Take a trip when you have some extra disposable income, an empty stomach, and a craving for sushi!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2011,5/15/2012,132,600,3,4,4>I reviewed this place when it first opened, which is always a little unfair. So I figured it was time to update it.We went here for Xmas eve dinner. And loved every minute of it.  Service was very good (nice refills on the water) and food came out prompt, without being right on top of each other. We ordered family style which made the table a little crowded, but the place managed.And the food? Terrific. A better selection than the Avon branch and great quality. We started with calamari and the "starter" platter, which had wings (delish!), satay, spring rolls, curry puffs (my fave) among others.  A good amount for 5 adults.  And the dishes? Luc Lak was terrific; good quality beef.  Pad Thai was standard but flavorful.  And several others. Big thumbs up for perhaps the best Thai place around.  It may be Avon's younger sister restaurant but don't tell Avon -- this one is even better.Only issue is its a little more expensive but given the rent and the quality, it's worth it.(And ignore the reviews that say that Lemon Grass was better; they're crazy and just typical Yelp naysayers.)
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2012,5/14/2012,66,149,,7,5>This is an EXCELLENT place for breakfast or lunch if you are in the Vernon/Rockville area.Thanks to Yelp, my boyfriend and I found this place after he moved and we needed a new close place for good breakfast. Its located in a big plaza, so there is lots of parking, and its very easy to find, right off route 30.The place is big, bright, clean, and friendly. We seated ourselves, a were promptly greeted with menus, and then with coffees. (They also offer a special flavored coffee, as well.) Our server helped us through the menu, took an empty seat at the table with us, and personalized our orders so we would be super happy. For example, she asked me if I liked my hash browns regular or crispy. How many breakfast servers ask each person how they like their hash browns!? This was awesome attention to detail and customer satisfaction. Woo Hoo!!The food was delicious, and the prices were just right. The menu is diverse, with all your breakfast classics, and also some signature omelets and other dishes. We will definitely go back to this place on a regular basis.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2011,5/13/2012,44,145,3,5,2>This place makes me really happy. I live really close to the sister store Catsup and Mustard and really wanted to like it, but I'm just not a burger person. So I'm super glad the owners opened a sandwich shop...because I love sandwiches. After an interesting google mishap (for some reason the google gps app on my blackberry took me to 550 West...instead of East, it was weird), I tried again to come to this place on my day off.  It was actually really convenient for me because I had to take my dogs to Bolton Vet in the morning, and this place was right down the road in Manchester. Since I still had the dogs I had my sister go in and ask if they do take out.  They do but obviously there would have to be a bit of a wait, so we drove around for 10 minutes or so.  My dogs love riding in the car anyway. My sister ordered the quesadilla salad and I got the tuna on wheat. My sandwich was AWESOME.  Grilled wheat bread, cheddar cheese, tuna. YUM.  It came with chips and a half sour pickle.  Toss in a coke and I was one happy camper. My sister's first remark was about how small her salad was.  After a few bites she said it was really delicious.  Later on she said while it was delicious she felt it could use more salad and less quesedilla--so perhaps an "opposite" version could be offered-more lettuce and a half quesedilla?I'll probably be back again soon on one of my cheat days. Thanks
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,5/12/2012,138,275,2,5,5>It's great to see a restaurant that gets better with each visit!  I have been to Treva four times since it opened two years ago, and each time I go, the restaurant invents novel dishes that I have never seen anywhere else.  It's also great to see a new business thriving in this tough economy.Anything on the menu is divine!  Their pasta is handmade and it tastes like it was made from scratch. I normally go for the gnocchi, which is fresh and light.  You could either have it in tomato basil sauce or the white truffle sauce; both are good, but I pick the white sauce over the tomato.  I am getting hungry as I am typing this review...They also have great specials each night that are not listed on the menu.  I have tried a pistachio fish dish special they once made and it was decadent.My recommendation is to make a reservation in advance.  The space is not that big and fills up fast, or else you will be waiting for a long time.  I believe you can reserve a space online via Open Table.Jeff M. is the best waiter I've ever had!  He is very sharp and observant and will make you feel like you belong there.  He noticed that our original waiter left my boyfriend and I waiting in our seats for ten minutes, so he took over for his colleague and served us, which was a blessing.  The most amazing fact was Jeff noticed us waiting and looking impatient while was working at a table of 10 next to us!Nick, the manager, stopped at our table and asked us how our meal was.  He apologized for the long wait.  The fact he made time to do that on a busy Saturday night; that's admirable and proof that he is committed to providing the best service.Treva is the best restaurant in West Harford!  Period.  Whenever I have friends or family coming from out-of-time, I always bring them to Treva and they LOVE it!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,5/11/2012,19,26,3,4,2>Rosedale Farms was the first stop my our winery tour for my sister's Bachelorette Party. I was in communication in advance with them, and they were more than happy to accommodate me paying in advance for the tastings for our group and planned to see us for noon on the day of.When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by one of the owners of the vineyard. We were brought to a lovely picnic table under a tent right off of the vineyard, where wine glasses were already waiting for us. The presenter (his name escapes me!) was beyond helpful, answering all of our novice questions, and explaining each wine quite well before serving it. He would patiently wait for us to be ready for the next tasting without being pushy or too slow and jumping into conversations while also letting us carry our own on--an awesome balance not all of the people throughout wine tours of the day were able to master!Also, the samples were extremely generous! Probably close to 2 glasses of wine after the 6 tastings. A fresh new bottle was opened each time and there were oyster crackers and little biscuit crackers for us to enjoy in between tastings; a compliment not all wineries do!The neat thing about Rosedale, is only 3 1/2 acres are actually vineyards, although most of their wines are made with their own grapes, but the remaining +-100 acres is a working farm! So on top of buying delicious wine, they had kettle corn, jams, breads, and fresh vegetables!I would whole-heartedly recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice day outside close to central CT, as well as group events because they were extremely attentive and helpful! It was an excellent first stop--certainly put the bar high for the rest of our wineries for that day!I will definitely recommend them to anyone interested in stopping by a winery for some delicious samples! I know people in our group are very interested in doing the vineyard dinner after our visit!
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,5/10/2012,200,181,3,8,5>I love seeing notes like "I don't want to tell you about this place because it's so freaking amazing that I don't want it to get out of control"...because I think like that too.Each time I try to explain to someone where I just had the best sushi I've had in a long time, and the words "Stop and Shop strip mall" come out of my mouth I get the look of "Eh?" Regardless, don't judge a book by it's cover - this place is for realz.We got the Green Hulk, a Crunchy Spicy Tuna & The Crazy Roll. I could have ordered and ordered and never become full from this deliciously fresh & creative menu. The interior was decorated really nice (actually was very surprised!) and the hostess & sushi chef were really pleasant. Also, so random, loved the music the whole time we were in there too. Bravo.*they are closed on Sundays.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2012,5/9/2012,72,359,6,7,5>The best Indian food you'll ever eat off of a Styrofoam plate... not that the food deserves plastic cutlery or anything, just that the owner chose for this restaurant to be more take out than a sit down place. There are three tables for people who choose to dine in anyways.Their specials are unusual for an Indian restaurant in the states. The Vada Pav is one such special. It's basically a veg burger made of potatoes and veggies. Their meat samosa is amazing as well. I usually prefer the tamarind sauce but their mint chutney is pretty ridiculous, too.Their naan is crispy on one side and soft throughout with a sweetly rich flavor you don't usually find in bread, much less naan. Probably the best naan around, if they had a sesame naan it would be indisputable. Very Spicy is not that spicy here, so order accordingly.If they have Gulab Jamun when you visit it is definitely worth a try. It rivals my previous favorite from Rasham in South Windsor. Delicious!The owner, I think he said his name was Shakeer though I'm probably mispelling it, was one of the friendliest guys I've ever met. He used to own Ambassador of India so he's been in the Indian food biz for a bit now. It's nice to see the owners taking so much pride and interest in their food. I will never get tired of seeing owners working their storefronts. We were warmly welcomed and given recommendations that did not disappoint. I wish I lived closer...
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,5/8/2012,58,234,2,4,4>Review 100!  I would like to thank the Yelp community for showing me the ways, helping me to become an active member, and encouraging me to Yelp bravely in this big world.  It's fun, it's helpful, and you just feel good about it when you do it ;)  I would also like to thank my stomach, because let's be honest, most of my check ins are food and drink related.  I'd also like to thank my curiosity for driving me to eat daring and explore often.So finally I review Oakwood.  I have been playing soccer here since 2004 when I played with the UConn Club team.  Some things have grown and changed, but some things still stay the same.  Both have their pluses and minuses.The referees are the same.  Some of these guys I remember calling my games 8 years ago.  Many of them still remember me and the teams I played with.  That's pretty cool.  With different refs though you get different interpretations of the rules as you will with any sport.  Sometimes it gets a little frustrating I will admit, but when you know them by their names you can't really be mad at them (maybe just for a few minutes).  You do see the same teams, the same players year after year.  It really is just like a big soccer club.  Everyone knows everyone and eventually you end up playing on the same team or against each other at one point or another.  The co-ed leagues do vary in their competitiveness.  Some teams take it very seriously (sometimes too much) and some just want to have fun.  Teams are kind of expensive, so I would suggest recruiting quite a few people.  Besides, you never know who can make when, etc.  because the co-ed games range from 6:30 kickoffs to 10:30.  If you are a woman and looking to play, teams almost always need players on any given day of the week.  Super easy to get in on a team and meet some new people!They recently put in new turf this year.  Cleats are not allowed, but I highly recommend turf shoes rather than regular indoor shoes/flats.  I was slipping and sliding everywhere in my old indoor shoes.  They just were not cutting it.  They also have a nice bar and small snack bar for post game camaraderie.  Another new addition there since my first sessions there are showers in the changing rooms!  There are a few small "rooms" off the main changing room area with some nice showers.  These "rooms" however do not have doors, but it's better than nothing.If you are missing something (or you forgot it running out the door for work that morning) they do have a shop there too.  They sell shorts, replica jerseys, t-shirts, socks, and shoes.  Oakwood has everything you need for getting back into soccer or continuing your football frenzy addiction.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,5/7/2012,25,68,2,5,4>I am all about celebrating a local business, but sometimes it seems like the fact that it's homegrown overshadows the actual quality.  I'm so happy to say that Thomas Hooker is so wonderful, I'm convinced nothing can overshadow its quality!I first discovered the Hooker brewery about four years ago during a Saturday morning/afternoon tasting.  I stumbled upon the brewery in my search for delicious, local craft beer.  After an information-dense and energetic tour, we were guided to the tasting counter where a friendly and knowledgeable volunteer explained the various beers on tap.  It was Halloween at the time and they had just tapped a new keg of Octoberfest lager, which immediately piqued my interest.  I'd classify myself as an IPA girl, generally not one for lagers, but Hooker's Octoberfest is one of my all-time favorite beers - a great balance of rich malt and sweetness, not spiced so it still tastes like beer.  Every other beer that I've sampled since that initial visit (I've been about five or six times since) has been exceptional (though the watermelon, in my opinion, is the weak link - just my taste, many people enjoy it).After the renovation, the brewery is more equipped to handle the ever-increasing hoardes of beer geeks visiting the first and third Fridays of the month, or every Satudray from 12-5.  On Fridays, for $10 you get a tour, pint glass, and generous tasting.  Saturdays are $5 for the tour and tasting.  Like I said, the secret is out on this place so expect it to be packed, but the atmosphere is always social and friendly.  A great place to start the night or to enjoy some good beer on a casual Saturday afternoon!
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,5/6/2012,95,659,3,3,3>I love indian food, just check my list of reviews...  That being said, i'm not sure how this place slipped off my radar, oh wait, now i remember... they don't serve meat.You know how to tell when a vegetarian restaurant has the magic?  You don't miss meat.......and that's exactly how good Udupi Bhavan is.  Thali, check!Cheese & Potato Dosa, check!For under $20 you get enough food for an army.Completely stuffed and rolling me out the door, check!
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,5/5/2012,32,18,2,6,2>I practically live here. Its close to home, the food is awesome and the service is great most of the time.Staff: shout out to Kate, she is hands down the most polite/best server there. she is always attentive, pleasant, and genuinely interested in serving you. I haven't had very good luck sitting in the bar area (think it was because we were seated behind a pole).Food: there is nothing here I have tried that I didn't like (seafood, burgers, pastas, you name it) I am a special sucker for there sweet potato fries, get them. They are amazing.Atmosphere: place its beautifully decorated with wood, fireplaces a real tavern look and feel.a nice mix of all generations.the only thing I didn't like its that they closed early on Saturday night at 11p, had to go finish out the night somewhere else.Price: the price is reasonable,I feel like I get a good value for my money.if I order a stuffed lobster,I know I will pay $25, get bread, salad and sides that will be more than acceptable. I'm okay with that. Plus you get 20% off your bill if you show you're server your yelp.com check in,sweet!
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,5/4/2012,80,144,2,4,2>Enfield is a little far off from the place I live, so drop by once in two months or so to pick only the veggies n fruits here.The store is located on the main road, it can be easily located and they also have private parking space right in front of the store.The store is neatly organized and maintained well. I call it a mini super market. The store is small yet has quite a lot of stuffs. I usually buy veggies and fruits. They also have spices, juices, pastas, milk, tofu, cottage cheese, eggs, rice etc......Love the quality of veggies and fruits. The store has many variety of fruits n the prices are pretty reasonable. The produce is straight from the farmers so its fresh always :)Wow I end up stuffing my boot whenever i shop here, however the price I pay would be 20 to 30$. Thats so cool right?
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2011,5/3/2012,1,30,2,5,3>Great!  I am a big fan of Indian food and I think Namaste India was excellent. We went for dinner on a Friday night.  The food was very good.  We had two appetizers and two dinners.  When they say spicy they mean it!  The waitstaff was very attentive and helpful.  It seemed like everytime I took a sip of my water they were there to give me a re-fill... which wasn't a bad thing!  The restaurant was very clean and nicely decorated.    I will certainly be going back to Namaste India!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2012,5/2/2012,154,200,2,5,2>Went here based upon the Hartford Advocate's reader poll as "Best Local Pizza" joint in the area two Friday nights ago before going to the movies.Upon entering, I was a little underwhelmed by the place.  Based on all of the stellar reviews, I was expecting a grandiose restaurant with people left and right and lines out the door.  But it turns out that probably 80-90% of their business is takeaway.  There are no more than 10-11 tables in the restaurant, and two or three were unoccupied.  It is a very small restaurant and doesn't have the gigantic pretentions of popular downtown-Hartford or Blue-Back-Square restaurants.  No bar.  It's pretty quiet and calm.The waitress was a middle-aged woman with salt-and-pepper hair.  I could tell upon my first conversation with her that she was very harried because she was quite abrupt and uptight when I asked her questions.  I felt bad for her because I could sense that she had been browbeaten by a lot of high-maintenance customers during her tenure there.  She handed me a menu, and gave me about 10 minutes to make a decision, and I ordered a small, mushroom pizza with an iced tea and a side salad.The side salad came in less than 5 minutes and it was great.  The salad had a nice mix of lettuces, with cucumbers, tomatoes, red onions, carrots, and their own homemade Italian dressing (they sell it by the bottle it's so good).  The dressing is phenomenal and they put the exact right amount on it.Then, however, the service got slow.  I think I waited about 18 minutes between the time the salad was finished and the time the pizza came out.  I think that's a little too long to wait between courses but I do sympathise with them because it was definately busy.  Perhaps they ought to hire more kitchen help?  They didn't appear to have more than 5 or 6 people in the kitchen on a Friday night, which is too little, IMO.  I didn't complain, though, because I felt bad for the waitress.  I tried to talk to her in a friendly manner, and talked to her about local restaurants and she warmed up to me quite a bit and became much nicer.  After that, she became much more attentive and I think she wanted to come back to my table more frequently because she enjoyed my conversation.  The pizza was indeed delicious.  It was a thin-crust-style pizza, with a slightly crispy and dark-browned crust, just the way I like it.  Ever so slightly chargrilled.  The cheese, however, I think was slightly undercooked and wasn't browned at all.  I'm wondering if maybe they don't use any broiling when cooking the pizza in the oven, which will help to solve that problem.  I also thought the pizza could have used slightly more cheese, but it was still very good.  One big, big issue that I had, which is practically unheard of today, is that they don't give unlimited refills of beverages.  I can understand why they wouldn't serve unlimited alcohol, but making someone pay $3/glass repeatedly for iced tea is just silly when it can be made for mere pennies.  I have never been to a pizza shop that didn't offer unlimited refills of beverages.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2012,5/1/2012,38,41,3,3,3>Yum, I'm a fan of a meaty pizza pie and Joey's Pizza delivers a meat heavy pie. The offering of Birch Beer and a bacon laced pizza keeps me a dreaming of their pizzas. Wait: Dining there for lunch didn't seem busy. The place was empty. Most people seem to get take out. Food: They have a large menu one that will meet the taste buds of many. This is the perfect place to take a family for Friday Pizza dinners. My favorite items are the eggplant fries. I know it's not the healthiest but just knowing I'm eating eggplants makes it feel like a healthy choice.  I love Joey's Pizza because they have plenty of specialty pizza offerings. When you do the math work, specialties come out cheaper than paying by the topping.  I love the meat pie and the kitchen skin, meat lovers must try. Must try Birch Beer with your pizza. The offering of Birch Beer reminds me of having pizza at Pepe's. Price: Grinders are on the pricy side, they run $11 for a whole and around $8 for half. You can get a whole grinder at Luna's for $8.  I always go for a large and their large pizzas are cheaper than Harry's. A Harry's special runs around $4 more. Service: Staff is young and friendly. This pizza place is perfect for family with young children. Staff is very accommodating. Parking: A small lot, the lot seems to always be full.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2011,4/30/2012,49,66,4,6,5>Being a John Harvard's long-time patron, I've seen good times and bad.  When Chris was the brew master I was at my happiest and at the bar a couple nights a week.  When Frank took over, I rarely went anymore.  Nothing against him personally, there was just something about his recipes that didn't agree with my tastes.The change of ownership to TCT was a bit surprising, but I wanted to wait and see if there was a silver lining.The lady-friend and I actually met here for the first time when they were transitioning from John Harvard's to TCT.  I'm unsure whose management the restaurant was under at that time but the food was good that night (though we both just had one of their salad entrees).  Neither of us ordered beer, but opted for wine.We went back yesterday for her birthday and sat at the bar.  I was glad to see some familiar faces, and even happier to note that I was still on first name basis despite my virtually abandoning them during Frank's tenure as brew master.I started with an IPA and the lady ordered the stout.  Both were REALLY good.  The IPA, bitter and hoppy, just the way it should be.  The stout, a full bouquet of chocolate and coffee.  Before ordering my next beer, I stopped the bartender and asked if they had a new brew master.  My suspicions were confirmed... I believe the new guy is Brian.I finished with their Rye.  My first sniff was like being slapped with a Christmas tree... I mean this in a good way.  The bitter and powerful juniper flavors made for a deliciously, crisp finish.I think they'll be seeing more of me at TCT!
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,4/29/2012,46,93,,13,4>Steak fans look no further than Tolland County! The Lepri's are at it again, bringing high-end steak and seafood to the former Zest location.  We were lucky to stumble in during their soft opening to get an preview of what's to come (with a bonus of BYOB :)) We went hard-core meat, starting with a carpaccio and beef tartare.   Perfect minimal seasoning, letting the beef be the star.  I would have liked a little arugula to balance the plate though.  I ordered the scallop with risotto entree, which was outstanding.  They have the recipe for the most deeply flavorful risotto I've ever had.   My hubby ordered the aged strip steak with a brandy pepper sauce (so rich!) and mushrooms + twice baked potatoes for the sides.  I liked the fact that the sauce and sides were included in the price.  Hubby just about licked his plate clean.  We were so pleased with our meals that I bet we would order the same things if we went back.My only wish is that they update the menu design.   They are focused on local produce, pasture-raised beef - and the menu should feature that fact!  You can already taste the difference, but customer appreciate the experience of knowing where the food comes from - and the local farmers deserve the nod!
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,4/28/2012,119,143,2,3,2>I'm going on 14 years as a homeowner and I feel I've experienced the whole realm of customer service with contractors, from the tile guy who completely forgot to come over while I wasted a day off waiting for him, to the concrete guy who took months to fix my patio but one company stands out for me and that is City Services.  A couple of years ago I had them install some fencing in my back yard and they were fantastic.  Not only do they actually get back to you if you call them or email them but they will come out quickly to measure for an estimate and send it along to you within days.  I just emailed them again last week to cut down some trees and install more fencing and Jason came out a few hours later the same day to take the measurements.  I received the (very fair) estimate via email a few days later.  Seeing the 2 star review that preceeds this one really surprised me.  They've been nothing but great to me.  In addition they made a great accomodation to drop off the fencing (last time) so I could stain both sides before they installed it.  Check 'em out!
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,4/27/2012,7,46,,3,2>Really great Indian food!  My husband and I are big fans of Indian food and we had been looking for a local place to try.  We found Haveli Indian and were impressed with the large selection and reasonable prices.  I was ordered a vegetarian thali dish (which has a small sampling of their most highly regarded vegetarian meals) and it was delicious!  Not many Indian restaurants offer this dish so I was very happy to see it here.The service was friendly and fast...and our waters were never empty for more than 2 seconds.  The location itself looks to be an old inn converted into a restaurant, so it has a lot of character.  It's very clean and open with seating.  I wouldn't say it was the absolutely best Indian food I've ever had, but my husband said his chicken tikamasala was the best he's ever had, so overall we were really happy.  Highly recommended!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,4/26/2012,39,98,,3,3>This place sells a DOPE Pork Banh Mis for just $3.10!  The beef version is $3.25.  The pork sandwich is juicer.  This place provides a delicious and cheap weekday lunch. The friendly service is a little slow, but I at these prices I can't complain.  It is a bit of a hole in the wall, not that there is anything wrong with that. The Pho isn't bad either.  A hidden little gem.  More people need to find it.  PS They have their own parking lot to the right of Pho 88.CLOSED ON MONDAYS!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2012,4/25/2012,1182,148,2,2,2>The vibe is cool, but it's very busy on weekend nights as and popular place should be. It's also very expensive, buts it's unapologetic with this. I'm not saying this as a negative either. If you don't like crowds or are on a budget, this is not the place for you. The food and service are good and some people like myself will pay for this. If that's not your deal than don't come here and complain, go eat at some crap chain resturant and live your boring life. This being said, bring the credit card and be ready to do some damage. Wait time can be an issue even with a reservation, (this happened to us, but keep reading) but absolutely make one if you want to get a table at all. We went on a Saturday night with reservations at 8:30 and weren't seated until 9. This would have bothered me more and more after the fact, but at the end of the meal we were comped three out of our four drinks, and apologized to twice. You see, that's service and taking care of your customer. So the only negative aspect of the night was wiped clean. As we all know tapas = small plates so if you go with an appetite prepare to order a few things. All of the things I'm about to list I enjoyed and plan on getting again when I go back. Yes, I plan on going back. So here it is. We ordered the meat and cheese plate, trying to kinda of chorizo, Serrano ham, the drunken goat cheese, and the Romano. Definitely do a combo similar or just like this. The plates come with red grapes and fig to accompany. I could eat this all night and be happy with nothing else. We also ordered the beef empanadas that had a red pepper sause of some kind. They were great. Also, the pork belly with fried egg is a must, and the peppers stuffed with ox tail was tastey. Also out of place was the tuna tartare served with small kettle chips, didn't fit with the rest of the food but we're suckers for raw fish, so try if that's your thing.  Bread and olive oil is served thought the meal and there are many drinks to choose from. In my opinion, wine should be ordered with food like this, but to each there own. I went with two different glasses of Spanish red. Over it was a good time, with two great servers, and a amazing taste party going on in my mouth. As stated earlier, I will be back and probably ordering the same stuff. That says a lot for someone like me who likes to try new places and new things as much as possible. Give them a try!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,4/24/2012,70,177,2,4,3>We've been wanting to try this place for awhile, but never really got the chance. Randomly, spots opened up for their 6 course New Year's Eve dinner that day, so we went along with a large group. I was so excited to try it and it did not disappoint.Each course came with a different type of wine, so that was awesome. When we sat down, we already had our first glass of wine waiting with a warm popover. The first course was butter poached lobster with an apple cider donut - amazing! The lobster was light but buttery. The donut seemed weird with lobster but it worked perfectly.Second course was halibut over dungeness crab chowder with SEA URCHIN GELATO. I was really hoping I would like the gelato but I just wasn't feeling it. The rest of the course was great, though. Third course was my absolute favorite, butternut squash tortellini in a sage brown butter sauce with braised oxtail bolognese......I cannot describe how good this was. The tortellini were so fresh and I just wanted to eat an entire bowl of them instead of finishing the rest of the courses.The fourth course was pork cheeks with guanciale with sweet potatoes and poached apples, this was my second favorite course of the night...the pork was so tender and everything on the plate worked together. The fifth course was venison tenderloin with bone marrow croquettes and a walnut brittle...I was feeling the wine at this point and I just remember the walnut brittle getting stuck in my teeth. But the venison was delicious.The last course was a dessert trio - lemon pound cake, a huckleberry profiterole and a brioche donut. The donut was the best part.Around midnight, they brought out hats and noisemakers for everyone which was really cute. All in all, it was a great meal and I was really glad we were able to get in there to try it out. We will definitely be back soon. This place is a few steps above most of the restaurants in the area.Side note: so sad to hear about the Market at Hartford 21 closing (same owners). We didn't have the best experience there but it is sad that it didn't work out. Good concept but I just don't think there is a calling for that in Hartford. Happy to see how well they are doing with 2t though!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,4/23/2012,53,114,1,6,5>Being a transplanted Texan, I'm always looking for great Mexican food in Connecticut.  I could list the runner ups here... but why?  My baseline for all Mexican food is La Fogata by the airport in San Antonio, Texas.  It is truly the best Mexican food I have ever had.  Until now?  Today, I could have found a replacement.I think we all know that the Frog Hollow neighborhood isn't exactly the safest area in Hartford.  I have no idea what this place is like at night... but during the day... it is fine.  If you know me... you know I love "hole in the wall" places.  This place is about as big of a "hole in the wall" as the get - and I love it!You drive up and wonder if there really is a restaurant in this tiny little entrance.  Once you walk in, you see that there are plenty of seats!  We sat ourselves (as we were asked to) and found the perfect table.  We were immediately presented with a huge basket of fresh chips and three dipping sauces - of course one was a salsa, one was an outstanding tomatillo sauce, and the third sauce was a fantastic "brown" sauce that had a very nice kick!Now... for the food.  We started off with Queso Flameado... FABULOSO!!  Seriously outstanding chorizo and stringy cheese.  If you come to this restaurant and don't order this... don't even think about telling me!  I will come here JUST for this - anytime.  And, it's served with delicious homemade flour tortillas.  LOVED this!I ordered the Chili Relleno for my main course.  SO FRESH AND SO GOOD!  But... it isn't "pretty" on the plate.  Don't let that scare you off!  It looks soupy and blah.  Far from it!  I think it is the best I have ever had.  This is served with beans and rice that were also delicious.  They brought me more flour tortillas... I used those to mop up the grease left over from the queso Flameado!  Hell... I almost stole the plate to lick it in the car!And, the service!  We had the sweetest waitress ever!  Absolutely terrific service.This is a very authentic place - very authentic food - with wonderful people serving delicious food.  Come and try this place!  Look for me... I'll be in the corner with a plate of Queso Flameado.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,4/22/2012,42,21,4,3,4>This week, a coworker was kind enough to bring me an Irish Carbomb cupcake from NoRa. It was my first taste of the goods, but I'm almost tempted to say that it was the best cupcake I've ever had! The frosting melted in my mouth and the cupcake was so moist and flavorful. I'm not usually into cakes with odd or experimental flavors. Carrot and red velvet are as far out as I'm usually willing to go (watch out, we got a badass over here), so I'm glad my coworker went out on a limb and selected this one for me. The unfortunate part is that I'm not in Middletown nearly enough to experiment some more with the other creations.Like some other reviewers, I was shocked by the price. Definitely the most I've ever heard of a cupcake costing that I didn't buy in Manhattan. I'm not saying that cupcake wasn't worth the money because it was friggin amazing, but due to the distance from me as well as the price, I think NoRa Cupcake Company will be a special treat I give myself now and then.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,4/21/2012,281,121,6,10,12>So I've lived in The Havey for a year now and I'm just discovering this hidden gem now?!?!  Clearly my preference to stay within walking distance of downtown NH has kept this special place away from my taste buds. Shame on you, Eric. SHAME ON YOU!!So being the foodie city that The Haven is, there are some decent options out there and Caseus can hang with the best of them.  The food here is so well executed and highlights the high quality of the fresh ingredients that are used.  This is true farm to fork cuisine and I look forward to giving them my business many times over. I called early last Friday for a reservation for two and the only time available was 9:30pm. A little late for my tastes, but the kind woman on the phone assured me it wouldn't be an issue to snag a couple seats at the bar if we came close to when they open for dinner at 5:30.  Bar seating and the patio are first come first serve.  We got there around 5:45 with another foodie friend and we got 3 seats at the bar no prob.  Come early, stay late, and revel in all the magic that is Caseus!Ok, enough rambling. Now THE FOOD!  All the wines are very reasonably priced and we got a fantastic, well-balanced Rioja for $32.  There are even bottles in the $20 range, which is surprising for a restaurant of this caliber.  Our server, Mike, was very knowledgeable and an absolute sweetheart to interact with.  To that end, the entire waitstaff was very friendly and helpful. Service makes or breaks a dining experience for me and the staff here is top notch.  We decided to split a few small plates and two entrees to get a broad sampling of their offerings.  Our initial plan was to leave some room for the cheese plate as dessert, but we were way to stuffed by the end for it.  Here is what we got:-Homemade Butter & Bread: OK, I know this sounds stupidly simple and is gratis at most places, but our coconut lemon blondie butter came out all course and chunky that you know only amazingness could come from this home churned badboy.  The bespoke butter flavors change constantly, so I'm excited to see what will be offered next time.  The butter came with a variety of "artisan" breads which added a nice flavor and texture contrast to each rich morsel of butter. See photo section for a buttahs butter shot. -Chicken Liver Mouse: while I'm not a huge liver lover, the ladies that I dined with thoroughly enjoyed this dish.  It came with a lightly dressed arugula salad, which cut the fattiness of the liver nicely.  There were a few slices of dry, crisp bread and 3 thumbprint jelly cookies (fig & gorgonzola shortbread is the exact description), which was kind of out of place but still yummy nonetheless. -Pork Belly Slider: note, it's A slider and not sliderS. Not the best appey for sharing, but when I see pork and belly in the same sentence I get very excited.  You can tell this sole slider was made with care with choice ingredients. The flavors were clean and simple and the pork belly was the star, as it should be. -Mac and Cheese entree: this heaping plate of Mac and cheese ain't no Kraft crap and powdered cheese.  Being that they are a fromagerie, you expect that they take their cheese seriously and this dish doesn't disappoint. While it's not as rich and creamy as Prime 16's M&C (a personal favorite of mine), this milder version is still wonderfully tasty. They use shells, which serve as the perfect spoon-like vessel to provide ample amounts of the numerous cheeses used in this masterpiece. And the golden brown crust creates this perfect crunchy yet chewy covering layer that keeps you coming back for more.  We opted for the house cured bacon addition and this thick slab cut bacon totally completed the package.  It's a must order add-on to really take this M&C to the next level.  This dish is also served with a lightly dressed side salad to balance any cheesey overload to your taste buds. -Duck Special Entree: man, I wish I could remember the plethora of ingredients listed by our server Mike, but alas I'm not that good.  Our server did mention that the Caseus regulars come back and order exclusively the specials.  And after having this duck, I can totally see why and I will be sure to try a new special on subsequent visits.  Check out the close up pic I posted to the photo section. Words just can't do this duck justice.  This was some of the best tasting duck I've had the pleasure of putting in my mouth.  The quality of the meat coupled with masterful preparation resulted in one very memorable dish.  Photographic evidence is the way to go here, so check out the pics!   It came with this unique potato salad that had multicolored quarter cut mini potatoes that were again, another party in your mouth.  The freshness and snap of the vegetables were a refreshing reminder that they source very quality ingredients.  An open faced grilled cheese on more fancy artisan bread rounded out this truly special special entree.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,4/20/2012,4,13,2,6,3>Great atmosphere, great food, great drinks. I love it here. MG is an awesome place to come with a friend for a great cup of coffee while enjoying delightful conversation. Their lattes are wonderful and very reasonably priced. They do have some bakery treats such as cookies, pies, scones, muffins etc. For breakfast items I have had their egg and cheese on a croissant,  everything bagel with cream cheese, and some really good apple cinnamon muffin. For lunch items I have had their tuna melt, turkey panini, ham/apple/brie panini and all were wonderful. Their mango ceylon iced tea is SO good. Overall MG is a great coffee shop to go to for lunch or coffee with a friend. CHECK IT OUT!
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,4/19/2012,39,148,3,5,2>After thinking of trying this place for over a year, I finally did. I like to support local places that serve fresh, local beef. We usually go to Plan B in West Hartford, but I thought this place would be a quicker, cheaper alternative- similar to a Five Guys. Since there is not a Five Guys close by, I am so glad to have found somewhere besides Plan B to get a good quality burger.When we came in, we had a few questions about the menu. The guy who helped us out with our order was great. He answered all of our questions and made suggestions. I had the Honey BBQ Bacon burger with one change- I subbed fried frizzled onions for the grilled onions. I love fried frizzled onions and you don't find them as a burger topping option in most places so as soon as I saw them on the menu, I knew I had to have a burger with them on it! I also asked for my burger to be cooked medium well as the sign said they cook their burgers medium which I think is gross, so if you are a fan of no pink in your burger like me, then opt for medium well.My husband had the Hot Nerd burger and he thought it was excellent- I would have tried it, but he had his patties cooked medium and I can't do that!FYI, you can order any burger with one or two patties. The honey BBQ bacon burger usually comes with two, but I only wanted one. The guy taking our order told us each patty is about a quarter of a pound.We split a half order of fries and that was plenty to share. They tasted very similar to Five Guys fries. I love fries made from a plain potato cut up with the skin on. Next time, I plan on trying the waffle fries and/or onion rings.As we were finishing our meal, the guy working the counter brought out two of the GooBalls- he said they were snickers, oreo, marshmallows, etc all in a ball and deep fried. I'm not a fan of fried desserts and really rich chocolate stuff so I really needed some vanilla ice cream to balance it out. To me, it tasted like a fried brownie. My husband liked them ok. If you like rich chocolatety stuff, give these a go!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,4/17/2012,68,200,2,12,1>I can't believe this place doesn't have any reviews, but then I realized that Yelp still has it under the old name.  It is now called Grace nails, under relatively new ownership, and it is by far my favorite nail salon in WH center.  This is the spot that is directly next to Treva (I feel bad for their outdoor seating - the nail smell does waft over to the restaurant) and the CVS smack in the middle of West Hartford Center.  $30 gets you a pedicure that includes a leg massage with hot stones (and one on your shoulders while your nails dry) , an expert paint job, an application of lotion on your legs, a modern massage chair, and an overall fantastic hour-long - yes, hour-long, pedicure leaving your feet and toes feeling and looking dandy.  At fancier nail spots this would probably be considered a $50+ spa pedicure because of the great care and many steps taken.  Here, it's the basic deal - and one of the best deals going.  Manicures are solid too, but it's really the $30 pedi that has won my heart.  The new owners know what they're doing - the place is always full but never uncomfortably packed.  The new owners are a big step up from the former owners (who once chased me out of the store for failing to leave a 20% tip after horrible service - but that is another story for another day and totally unrelated to these owners, hence I digress...).Credit cards accepted, though cash tips are always preferred.
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,4/16/2012,357,375,2,5,3>I love the Plan B Burger Bar chain, and Simsbury is my favorite location of the ones I've visited so far. It's in an adorable building that feels like an old-fashioned train station, and the atmosphere is welcoming and charming. While it can get busy, and service can be slow as a result, the great beer selection and fantastic food make it worth the wait. These are some of the best burgers I've ever had. Fresh, quality beef. Huge, perfectly-cooked burger patties. Quality ingredients all around. On my most recent visit last week, I got the "ultimate cheese" burger because I had to watch my boyfriend get it on one trip and a friend get it on another trip. It's got four cheeses - two on top and two in the middle, and it's as delicious as it sounds. Went for the pretzel bun, which was nice and buttery and had a great texture, and it was great with the spicy mustard I asked for on the side. (Note: Ask for the spicy mustard if you like mustard. Ground mustard seeds you can see. Zesty. Spicy. Everything a spicy mustard should be.) Add in the amazing "fancy fries," a nice crisp half-sour pickle, and a quality beer, and I left extremely happy. Boyfriend got the steakhouse burger, which was a special that day. It had shaved steak, frizzled onions, and steak sauce, on top of the burger, and it was absolutely incredible. The only burger I wouldn't really recommend is the baja - unless you maybe get the chipotle sauce on the side. The burger with jalapeno and avocado toppings is still fantastic, but I found the chipotle sauce to be too overpowering and spicy. And I like spicy. I've heard from other people who can also handle their spicy foods that this burger was a bit too much. Other than that, the burgers are worthy of 5-stars - definitely some of the best around.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,4/15/2012,28,173,3,4,4>Enjoyable hike with a nice goal at the end... Heublein Tower.  There are kind of two stages to get to the tower.  A moderately steep hike up the mountain up to the top of the ridge, and then you hike along the top to the tower.  I recall it taking about 45 minutes to the tower, but I didn't rush and stopped along the way to check out the really nice views (which are little sidetrack paths off the main trail).  The main trail itself is within a well-forested area and I found myself using my phone to see how close I was getting to the tower because I kept feeling like I was just about there (I wasn't).This was my second hike of the day so I was pretty pooped on the way down.  I heard one mother tell her kids, "It's easier on the way down" and I wanted to shout, "Liar!!"
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,4/14/2012,54,99,3,6,5>The first word that came to mind upon entering the Hitchin Post was DIVE. But, I was told by a good friend of mine that Hitchin' Post CANNOT be a dive since it a) serves food and b) has windows. Guess I can't argue with that.I LOVE THIS BAR. A true locals hang out, the Hitchin Post is 5 minutes from my place and the perfect spot to grab a beer and a burger, sit back, and relaxxx. The menu offers up a great selection of easy eats including nachos, sandwiches & burg's, and my fav WINGS! For the frisky, $5 shots of Jameson will get your night started off right and on your way to playing $1 games of pool on the 2 tables located in the back of the bar. Starting around 9p (I think), live music kicks off on certain nights which can draw a bigger crowd so arrive early for a seat at the bar.I see you soooooon.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,4/13/2012,61,81,3,3,3>Cute farm. Watch out for the chickens when you pull in and when you leave because there seem to be plenty of them meandering around. Prices are steep but the cheese is really good. There were nine different cheeses out to taste while we were there, which seems to be a larger selection than what other reviewers mentioned. Admittedly, I know very little about cheese other than the fact that I like it and I believe it should never come pre-scliced or in a can.  That being said, I favored the Molto Vivace, Womanchego, Aged Bloomsday and what reportedly is their most popular cheese, Bridgid's Abbey. Mmmm cheese!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,4/12/2012,63,269,4,5,5>So I added this to my Nuptial Bliss list because it was a big part of our wedding day. We moved away from Simsbury about a year before our wedding, and we missed the Harvest a lot. So for our wedding, we had a lovely ceremony on the flower bridge, and then our whole party came to the Harvest for breakfast. There were about 13 of us, and everyone on the staff was really friendly and accommodating, there didn't seem to be any issues with us being such a large group. Great service. The food was the normal level of amazing that we've come to expect, no surprises there, and it was just an all around lovely experience. And it was also pretty cheap, considering, coming out way lower than I'd budgeted. (Yeah, we basically held our wedding in Simsbury so that we'd have an excuse to drive an hour for breakfast!)
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2012,4/11/2012,15,136,6,3,3>Walking into Modern Designs is like walking into your rich aunt's living room.  Plush couches, comfy chairs, nice lighting and furniture.  I always instinctively put my hand out to take my martini, but it never comes.Super clean, comfortable, and ummmmm, well modern.  They also cut hair.  The staff all seem quite friendly, and they tolerate me not even knowing how I get my hair cut.  Other hairdressers seem annoyed when they ask how I want my hair cut, and I reply "like it is, just shorter."  Here, I don't have any problems.Oh, did I mention that the chair you recline in to get your hair washed is a massaging chair?  Well, it is, and it's amazing.  If my hairdresser didn't make a point of talking to me, I'd fall asleep in the thing.It runs me $20 for a men's cut, which is standard for just about everywhere.  I've always got my hair cut by Jenna, and she honestly has an attention to detail.  I have yet to get a lopsided little boy's cut.  Modern Designs is conveniently located close to College Highway, so anybody in the Suffield/Westfield/Southwick/Granby area will have a short ride.  It's worth it to make the drive from even further away.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,4/10/2012,116,265,2,5,2>Great restaurant! I love the atmosphere, the wait staff, the menu, the specials, etc... Last night the special was a beef wellington made with filet mignon, prosciutto, and beef culotte! This was absolutely delicious! I've had almost every item on the menu and have been swayed several times to order off of the menu from their specials and I've NEVER had a bad experience.I also had the tuna tartar for an appetizer and the apple crisp with cranberry topped with vanilla gelato for dessert.I tend to come here pretty frequently and I like to introduce friends to Taste and I haven't had any disappointing meals yet!
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,4/9/2012,9,9,10,9,8>I think I'll begin this review by just getting this out there...I love this place!  It's Magic!  I'm not sure what it is about this place.  Could it be the fact that they always seem to be playing Frank Sinatra?  Could it be the dark interior or the near antique dishware they insist on serving everything on?  Could it be the fact that no matter what time of year or day you enter, you always half expect it to be a snowy winter evening when you leave?  I don't know.Oh sure, I could talk about the food like the very good German Potato Salad which is warm and bacon-y, or the usually fantastic Reuben, or the bay scallops (which, here at least, is better than the sea scallops).  Or I could even talk about the hilariously big meatloaf portion which, while good, makes me wonder who's actually ordering it.  And the fact that their broiled fish is always perfect in its execution and simplicity.  Or the near cute way that their menu seems to be having a 5 year long identity crisis by having old classics like liver & onions (which is pretty good actually) juxtaposed with Asian Duck Dumplings with Pepper jelly!I know I could go on and on about their great drink prices and the fact that having a full bar doesn't obligate them to have a martini menu featuring fruit and/or chocolate nor a series of frozen drinks that would make a 7-11 owner blush.But instead of boring you or waxing quixotic I'll just say this... If you can, go during the week at around 2 in the afternoon.  Weird I know but trust me.  Sit at the bar with half the staff on their break or just getting off their shift.  Just sit with them, hang with them, enjoy the Sinatra and a few cheap pours.  I can't guarantee that when you leave it will be a snowy winter night but you'll think it should be.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,4/8/2012,36,206,,4,2>I never knew that vegan pho could taste so good.  The broth is so flavorful, I was in disbelief that it was truly vegetarian.  WOW!!! The soup really warmed me to the bone, and it was delicious.  Nothing fancy just cilantro, broth, rice noodles and tofu, and it blew my mind.  I could really taste the anise in it.  I threw some sriracha in there to spice it up.  It was so awesome.  Oh yeah, and $8.50 for a large bowl. I can't wait to go again!!CASH ONLY!!!!!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2011,4/7/2012,81,208,,11,1>Foodies of Central CT unite. The mother ship has been found! :))Best food in West Hartford I ever had. Will most definitely be coming back.Friday and Saturday nights are so in demand at this place that you can only reserve for a maximum of four people. I went with a small group of friends and immediately loved the decor inside. It was so cozy and intimate. We watched quite a few couples with no reservations come and have to come back later. It appears that this is a very romantic place for people.The food was outstanding. I got the moules et frites and my friends got the tuna filet mignon. All entrees were superlative. I had never tried tuna before and had a bite...I was very impressed. My friends who ordered the tuna said that the staff knew what they were doing because they asked did they want their tuna rare or medium rare. Salads were large and delicious and the two deserts we got to share were delicious also. Overall an excellent dining experience and this is where I would go to impress someone special or go just to have a really really good meal.And I cannot close out this review without mentioning the staff. We didn't have to pay extra for the comic relief of Mike our server. He's co-founder (shhhhh - he never let's on) and he was cracking jokes left and right. We were rolling in our seats holding our sides from hooting with laughter.Want a convivial Cheers-like atmosphere with some darn good food and drinks? Check out Arugula. Maybe I'll be seeing you at the next table over. Bon appetit!*** If you want to try restaurants on par with this fine establishment, try River Tavern in Chester, CT. I'm more than happy to recommend it here because they are no where near Arugula geographically but the food and service are top-notch. Again, bon appetit! ***
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,4/6/2012,86,169,2,5,2>I work less than a block from Monte Alban, which has a small storefront right on Farmington Avenue just east of the West Hartford line. There's not much parking, which doesn't bother me because I walk there from the office. It's one of my four favorite places for lunch in that immediate neighborhood.It's a small place, with some outdoor seating in the warmer months. One of the quirks of the place is that the patio walls open only toward the restaurant door, and not to the street. So you have to follow the walk leading to the neighboring store to get to the front door. This always confuses first-time visitors, and confuses me from time to time as well.The staff are friendly and quite casual, while still attentive. At noon it's rarely filled, so "sit where you like" is the order of the day. The yellows and reds of the walls and booths have a festive air, and there's some nice tile work over the kitchen entrance.This is one of the few places I know that offers limonada, or limeade (made with limes, not lemons). I heartily approve, particularly at noontime when a margarita wouldn't be appropriate.Visiting today, I had chicken enchiladas huertenas, which is three enchiladas served with their three sauces: red, green, and mole. The enchiladas themselves are quite good, with tasty tortillas and filling. The green sauce has a bit more zest than the red - our waitress today advised my friend that it was "really good" - and she was certainly correct. About both.The mole is a rich variant of the poblano style, with a lot of depth of flavor. There's definitely the bitterness of chocolate there, and poblano heat, but they're layered with so many other flavors I really can't describe it adequately. It's a winner.Pepper heat is not what Monte Alban is about. It's there, for sure, but the mole is a good example of how depth of flavor gets priority over raw heat. For me, that's the way to go.They accept major credit cards, but not American Express.Smiling staff, good food served promptly: Yep. I'm a fan.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,4/5/2012,12,41,3,5,4>You'll never be able to order a chiken finger basket from Chili's again. Or anywhere else for that matter.The owner Scott is originally from Florida, so he knows a thing or two about southern hospitality, and he'll certainly take care of you here.You can order any size finger basket you want, coupled with any of their awesome homemade sauces (Sweet Thang being my personal favorite.) They also serve wraps (the Elvis is tops!) as well as wings.Served with fries, the basket is brough out to you in all its glory. Each chicken finger is so delicous and packed with flavor you'll wonder how you've ever enjoyed chicken finger baskets anywhere else.If you're feeling daring, do the "Chicken Shack Challenge," to see how many chicken fingers you can eat. A minumum of 10 is required to get your picture on the "Man vs. Bird Wall of Fame." The record is 31.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,4/4/2012,52,107,4,6,5>I dig these dogs man, I do, I diggity dog do.But it's cool, and Torrington just can't keep cool, so we'll see!I love the decor. I love the whole vibe. The classic chalkboards, the old signs. The vibrant colors. The place looks like it was picked up from some cool part of Chicago and dropped on..... Water Street? Still scratchin my head about the location but rubbin my tummy after getting a.good treat here. 2 Chili dogs drowned in toppings and a "Girl Scout" dog (yes - cool names too!) bag a chips and a drink. The price was so cheap I felt like I just ripped the guy off. New York City good in a Torrington Location. Get it while you can kids! I loved the whole experience.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,4/3/2012,312,447,2,10,6>My guy brought me here as a surprise for my 29th birthday dinner.  It was truly one of the best meals I have had in a long time from beginning to end.  We ate upstairs in the Italian section of the restaurant and had oysters, a beautiful salad that included greens, roasted pear, pomegranate seeds, provolone cheese, and toasted hazelnuts,  we both also had the Grandma's ravioli, he got the quail dish and I got the veal dish for our mains, and we shared a delightful chocolate and caramel "tart" that resembled a lava cake paired with caramel gelato.  Everything was absolutely incredible; oysters were extremely fresh and delicious, salad was an excellent pairing of flavors and textures tossed in the perfect amount of light dressing, the ravioli was literally one of the best I have ever had with a delicious mushroom filling and sauce and a really fantastic texture that made it light despite it's richness, the veal was very good but not the highlight of the meal, but the accompanying potatoes were excellent as were the haricot vert (green beans).  We both also loved the dessert.  It was the perfect birthday cake, dream-worthy  paired with the caramel gelato :)  Bread and olive oil for dipping was great.  Cappuccinos we had at dessert tasted different than what I expected and am used to.  The espresso flavor did not really come through, and while it was good, it tasted almost like hot chocolate.  Service was great.  Hostess was respectful and brought us to our table right when we arrived and our server was attentive and warm.  Loved the decor.  Rustic elegance, just the way I like it.  Romantic with candlelight, a little whimsical with the stars on the brick wall, thoughtful details, nice string of lights hung over the beautiful french doors connecting one room to the next, and yet still casual enough to provide a comfortable dining experience in such a lovely environment.I hope to return soon for another special occasion. Well done, Boyfriend.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,4/2/2012,12,139,3,2,3>This. Place. Is. Amazing.I don't hand out 5-stars like they're candy. You know this. The Lao beer is soooo good. The drunken noodles are soooo good. Everyone else I was with loved their food and drinks and one of them requires a gluten-free diet. I would say the most important indication of how amazing this place is the fact that I went back a second time in the same week BY MYSELF to have dinner on St. Patrick's Day! Another clue to its awesomeness would be the fact that my father also went there this past week and loved it...and he is the most stubborn and critical man I know when it comes to dining out.Just go eat here. Why are you still reading this!?
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,4/1/2012,115,309,2,8,1>Tamarind Grill:  Where is it anyway?  It is directly behind the Panara Bread that is being constructed on the Silas Deane Highway in the Plaza there next to SAKE.The driveway in front of  the restaurant is really torn up as a result of the Panara Bread construction.  If they are not getting a break on their rent.. they should be. I stopped in for lunch.   I was the only person who was seated in the very beautiful dining room, the entire time.  There were two well dressed servers there.  I was naturally greeted and seated.  I was pleased that they had lunch special menu, and a pretty nice assortment of dishes at that, I was able to get brown rice as well.  The food was fine, the presentation was above average.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,3/31/2012,54,171,2,4,3>Love coming here.  I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place until just now.  When a group of us cannot decide where to go, Rizzuto's is always the place we go to.  Romantic setting for a date but trendy spot to be with friends, the menu is varied & the pizza is awesome.  Great appetizers too (muscles & bruschetta are my favorite) along with a variety of mixed drinks & wines.The Happy Hour here is phenomenal.  For the purchase of just one glass of wine or beer on draught (5 bucks) you get a mini buffet to go along with it.  You can literally have dinner here during the Happy Hour, that is how much they offer.  For example, yesterday was a caeser salad, muscles, 2 different pasta & meat dishes, toms & mozz & an italian type sandwich.  FOR 5 BUCKS!!...what a deal!Having set a standard for 5 stars with me, I cannot give them 5 but they are a solid 4, 4 1/2 if I could.Great place in West Hartford, fits the atmosphere of Blue Back & won't do too much damage to your wallet.Enjoy!!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,3/29/2012,88,512,4,4,2>Showing up to this place 2 hours early for security is a joke. Last time I did that, and I got through security in 5 minutes - of course it was barely 6:30AM. My flight didn't leave until almost 9. I got to the gate indicated on the monitor, and my flight wasn't listed at the gate yet because another flight had to load up & go before mine even showed up. Needless to say, that was boring, and next time I'll show up an hour early. I did, however, see Len Besthoff from Channel 3 waiting for his flight - and he ended up being 3 rows behind me on my flight to Charlotte -- so local celebrity sighting?Yeah, sometimes the selections of flights kind of suck, especially for nonstop service, unless you're bound for Florida, in that case, options abound - but otherwise it's whatever.And no, there's not going to be a Starbucks - Welcome to New England, home of Dunkin Donuts oversaturation. Mind you, a Starbucks would be nice - I hate DD coffee unless it's iced, but beggars can't be choosers.Plus, would you rather this place be like ATL - yeah I thought not.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2012,3/28/2012,108,203,,4,2>My favorite fine-dining partner, Sheri, came out with me tonight to J. Gilbert's because they sent me a coupon for my birthday--so excited to try this place out! This place is beautiful, from the landscaping to the power-lunch, romantically cozy interior.Our server, who was helpful and charming, guided us in our first visit to an excellent dining experience. Sheri started with the Maryland Crab Bisque, while I had the Caesar Salad--both were nicely presented and portioned. Bread was also brought out for us to enjoy, which was crusty and soft. On to our entrees! I had the special--two 4 oz. filets with a red wine reduction demi glace, cooked to my choice of medium-rare, served with a grilled bbq shrip skewer, asparagus and white cheddar chipotle mashed potatoes--phew! Again, everything was beautifully presented, the filets were cooked to perfection with a slightly woodsy hint on both the filets and the shrimp. Asparagus was also nicely done. The mashed potatoes were only slightly disappointing--maybe they sat a bit longer than anticipated, but they just weren't as spectacular as I had hoped for. Sheri also had filet, cooked rare, with asparagus, lobster mac n'cheese and seared George's Bank scallops. Her dish was excellent also, with her filet cooked to her order--her downside with the lobster mac, which really only had one or two good sized pieces of lobster in it, but the taste was pretty good. My dinner was also nicely pared with a red zinfandel, which I enjoyed and thought was a nice compliment.Dinner wouldn't be complete without a dessert (and I'm such a sucker for a dessert tray!) so we went with the Chocolate Velvet cake--moist chocolate cake, chocolate mousse, banana liqueur, chocolate ganache, crème anglaise--pure heave on a plate! Sheri also had a "Nutty Irishman" coffee, with frangelico and baileys--it smelled so good!I know Tom was jealous he didn't get to come with us, so I'm sure that I'll return! Great place for a date night!
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,3/27/2012,397,324,5,14,9>I ate all day but for some reason I wasn't fulfilled.  I haven't had spicy Asian food in days and my body was going into shock. I headed to Pick and Mix. I didn't realize I never wrote a review for the place. First off Won is amazing. He represents a kind hearted Asian to the core. This excellent service at a fast food place was award winning. The menu is pretty simple, there's a few items but the MUST TRY items are the Bibimba. You select your protein/meat and then your veggies. The setup of the place is very similar to a Subway. The veggies selections include, onions, broccoli, green squash, cucumbers, carrots, mushroom etc. Since I like food that comes in layers, naturally I am a fan of the veggie station.  Won fills a large pho bowl (the size of a serving bowl) with the veggies. After the veggies you have your choice of rice or noodles. I suggest you go with the potato noodles even though traditional Koreans serve this dish with rice. Won's wife takes the bowl back and prepares it in a stone bowl. Won will ask you how you would like it. Trust me go with the stone bowl. I prefer my hot paste sauce on the side but the sesame oil MUST be added during the cooking process.  Food arrives to your table in minutes, BE EXTRA CAREFUL not to touch the bowl if you have never had experience with stone bowls they are hot.  The Bibimbap here doesn't come with a raw egg on top, which was a disappointment for me but atlas it was still delicious. Tons and tons of veggies with a spicy kick. The other must try items here is the Spicy pork, its pretty much pork Bulgogi. Tons of kick and flavor on this one. If you're not used to spicy food expect to sweat a little. Portions are smaller compared to the likes of Ichiban but you have to remember Ichiban is charging an extra $6 or $7 more. The best thing about Pick and Mix is the amazing customer service. Don't be let the cheesy sign fool you, the place is clean, infact cleaner than many pho places I have been to. The service is amazing. Won gave me a free bottle of water when I was pretty content with hot water. He checked up on us a few times and I can guarantee you I will be a frequent customer because he truly makes me feel at home. Now all I have to do is convince him to get some real BBQ tables and I wouldn't have to search for authentic Korean BBQ.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,3/26/2012,6,208,3,5,1>In my previous review, 10/26, I promised that I would revisit the Milestone and update my previous review. I was the only one unhappy on that day. Of course, I realized that they were a new restaurant at the time, and after this visit I came to realize that they now have their act together. My brother and I took my mom out for Mother's Day with his whole family in tow. They had a special Mother's Day menu and everyone except for the two children ordered from it. My mom had the baked stuffed shrimp dinner with onion rings and salad, and I had the surf and turf, a petite filet mignon and baked stuffed shrimp with sweet potato fries and salad. They had a lot of choices for salad dressing and I chose something rather exotic cucumber and wasabi. It's not for the faint-hearted. I loved it. My filet was cooked perfectly, and my mom was very happy.  They definitely have gotten their act together. In my previous review, I was the only one dissatisfied. Today, everyone was happy. The service was superior even though our waitress was very busy, as the place was packed.The food was great. What more can you ask for. We all left the place happy, and my mom enjoyed her trip from the nursing home. All in all, I would have to say that I'm a fan of the Milestone.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,3/25/2012,19,160,,6,3>How have I never reviewed Shady Glen before?  Anyway, I see lots of talk about the cheeseburgers (raves, complaints, etc.).  To be honest, if you don't like ice cream, don't go here!  I like the cheeseburgers.  I like the fried cheese.  But, it's really not worth the trip just for the cheeseburgers.  However, it's more than worth the trip for the ice cream.  The shakes are to die for, and we always get save room for either that or an ice cream at the end of the meal.  We also bring some home for the freezer.  They sell it in containers that are comparable in price to ice cream at the supermarket, but the quality is far better.  They have a large variety of flavors too.  Bottom line: If you are looking for a sit-down restaurant experience for a good burger, go to Plan B or Max Burger.  If you are looking for a tasty bite to eat in a diner-like atmosphere, and you want some ice cream, go to Shady Glen.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,3/24/2012,1455,389,15,14,9>"Saaaaandie!"  "Saaaandie!?"  Where arrrrre you?"Sandie, the 11 (going on two) year old chocolate toy poodle comes running to me from wherever she is in the house."Wanna go for a ride?"She gets that immediately.  She likes rides.  While she waits by the door, I grab her "baby" -- one of the very specific toys she has gotten over the years that she has grown quite fond of.  I hide her baby - Sandie is too smart for me.  She knows that if she gets in the car with me and that is the ONLY toy I have, we are going to the groomer or the vet -- and that is very suboptimal to her.  If I have more than one toy, it's a safe bet we're heading to go see Grandma.I hide the baby in the back.  Drive a few miles, pull in the parking lot.I can see the "oh shit" in her eyes.  (Yes, I do believe my cute dog is perfectly capable of a little profanity.)Cue: the shaking.  Sandie gets very nervous and shaky when she knows she is getting dropped off somewhere, and I have a monumental soft spot for animals, so I do feel pretty bad.  Ordinarily I would never leave her somewhere that made her nervous - but I know the owner and most of the staff at Pupperdoos and I know they treat her extremely well.Four to five hours later, Sandie emerges having had a bath, haircut, her nails cut, ears, glands...the whole package.  She is super happy to see me, and, as always, I am told that she was very well behaved and is always a pleasure to have around.Absolutely never had a bad grooming, and the employees of Pupperdoos are some of the friendliest animal enthusiasts out there.  You can be sure your pet is well taken care of here, because if I wasn't, Sandie definitely wouldn't be going here.
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2012,3/23/2012,40,227,1,6,3>Well I would just edit my old review, but then it'll still look like it's from 2009, so here's a new one with much of the same information instead...This place has grown on me even more in the last year or so, as I have friends that drag me here pretty often, and I think the food has gotten better since my last review.  My biggest gripe would be how crowded it gets.  If it's at peak dinner time on a popular day, be prepared to wait, most likely standing.  Food:The burgers are good, and there are a few spicy ones, which I appreciate, and they've kicked up the spice a bit on a few of them since I last reviewed.  The burgers all have unique names, and I personally like the Whiskey Run, Rodeo, and the Oh Burger You Devil.  The fries are shoestring style (or perhaps a tad bigger - picture fast food sized fries and there you go).  Not my favorite kind of fries, but  some of the flavors are good, and I love the "kicked-up catsup" (special spicy ketchup).  Don't worry, they have regular ketchup too.  The sweet potato fries are pretty good, but I don't like them more than the other varieties, and they're an extra $1.25 so I usually pass. Service:When the place gets packed the service suffers, but it's generally pretty good.  I'd say it has improved since I first started going, even though the place has gotten much more popular and packed.  Considering that, they must have been making sincere efforts to improve service. Drinks:The beer selection offers some nice non-standard choices.  Not a huge selection, but a very respectable blend.  They can be pretty liberal with the quantity of liquor in mixed drinks, and I've been given a free shot and/or oversized shot on more than one occasion.  (+1 star) Insider Info/Comments:If you want fries you better specifically order fries of some...or you won't be getting any.  They don't come with the burger, they cost extra, and this most likely won't be explained to you.Park around the corner if you can't find a spot in front...If you go in the door and turn hard left there's a little alcove against the window that keeps you out of the main traffic area.  A great little spot, esp. if the bar stools on the end are available.  Great, now all you ba$t@rds are going to start sitting there, BAH! Hahaha. They may or may not greet you when you enter (particularly if it's packed), as they may assume someone from your party is already inside and on the list.  So make sure you get your name on the list!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,3/22/2012,59,73,,3,5>I try to reserve reviews for restaurants that have been around for awhile as it often takes time for a place to hit its stride (or reveal their true colors).  However, Mikro may be trend setting in the south central Connecticut food landscape.  The name evokes a beer bar. And in a sense it is. There are some great brews on draft with a rotating list, along with the integral cask ale.  Incredibly, the food is what will make me return. The menu is tight: small but varied apps, light plates, and entrees.  Meaning: the food turns over, virtually guaranteeing fresh ingredients.  I imbibed in some cheese, mussels, wings, beet salad, and deviled eggs.  More upscale and epicurian than I expected without the stuffed shirt atmosphere that too often comes along with it.  So yeah, this is a beer bar. But at Mikro, it is the food that's inkredible.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,3/21/2012,125,121,3,8,6>I'm not usually in the Glastonbury area, but last week I happened to be driving past Daybreak when I remembered that Yelpers had suggested it to me in a recent message board conversation! So I did a quick u-turn and found a great parking spot right along Main Street.The store itself is dark and cozy, smells wonderful, and the walls are lined with gourmet coffee/tea-related gifts. I walked past an incredibly tempting display of fancy truffles that seemed to beckon me, but I knew I needed to try the coffee first and foremost. But after reading Emily C.'s thoughts on the chocolates, I know I'll be back!I was actually on my way to my parents' place, so I ordered a double espresso, cappuccino, and coconut coffee (with steamed milk) to go. I do wish I could have sat and enjoyed my coffee in the store rather than rushing off.The coffee tasted nice! Reminds me of Kevin's Coffee Roasters in Vernon, which I also like. Overall, Daybreak is a cute place with good coffee.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2012,3/20/2012,69,97,2,11,3>We all grow up eating at a local place, thinking it's the best food in the world.  What usually happens is that as we get older, the old place starts to lose it's luster.That hasn't happened with Greers.I've been eating at Greers since I was five years old, and the place hasn't changed much.  It's always served some of the best fried chicken in the area: delicious spiced breading with tender, well-cooked meat.  The sides, like the macaroni salad, have always been great.  Plus, the service is always friendly.The place can be hard to find if you're not familiar with the area, but it's worth the search.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,3/19/2012,803,1274,1,3,3>Perfection. Absolute perfection. Have eaten there and bought take-out over a dozen times, and each time was tremendous. They have a dozen appetizers -I've tried the Summer Rolls, Spring rolls, coconut soup, Tom Yum soup, satay, calimari, and Thai Wings. All have been terrific. For lunch or dinner, we have had Seafood Panang Curry (my absolute favorite of their 6 curries), and many of the noodle dishes (my wife likes the pad thai). So yes, the food is terrific, but let me say a few words about the service.The staff is very pleasant, attentive and down right friendly. If you like Thai -this place rocks. If you've never tried Thai- come and get introduced to the exotic rainbow of tastes..
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,3/18/2012,16,12,2,4,4>Hana Sushi is my favorite sushi place on the planet.  I've lived in a lot of different cities, but I love coming home to Manchester and going to Hana.  The staff is very friendly, the sushi is fresh, the prices are affordable, the restaurant itself is small and intimate like the well-kept secret it is.  I've eaten here at least 200 times, and not ONCE have I ever been even slightly disappointed.6 years ago, when my friend and I started going there for lunch everyday after our workout, I mentioned in passing that I didn't like the roe that they put on the shrimp shumai.  I never mentioned it again, I moved away for 2 years, but I still call in and order my spicy crab roll, salmon sashimi, and shrimp shumai, they say "Hi, Calley!" and they still leave off the roe on my shumai.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/17/2012,111,23,,10,6>Casona used to be La Casona, an establishment operated in the same location. In 2009, the owner, Fabio Caro, sold La Casona and moved to Miami. The restaurant's new owner unfortunately let cuisine fall by the wayside as he poured resources into promoting the place as a nightclub. As a result, La Casona shut down - but not for good! Fabio returned to Connecticut, and brought with him his experiences in Miami at restaurants that focused on ethnic tapas. He renovated La Casona and turned it into simply Casona, a gorgeous space that serves up truly unique, authentic dishes for both lunch and dinner.I arrived to find the dance floor (Casona still moonlights as a popular nightclub) occupied by a salsa teacher and his students! That's right, Casona offers salsa lessons on both Wednesday nights (6, 7:15, and 8pm) and Saturday mornings (9:30pm). Don't be shy, all levels are invited, and prices are extremely reasonable at just $10/class on Wednesdays and FREE on Saturday (what a fun, affordable date idea!). If salsa isn't your thing, Tuesdays at 6:30pm there is ridiculously cheap $5 Zumba!We were seated in the dining room next to two huge booths, which Fabio informed us are filled on weekends with young customers utilizing Casona's bottle service. The table was set beautifully and our waitress immediately brought over glasses and a bottle of water to keep at the table. I love that - I go through water like mad at restaurants, and it's great when I can just serve it myself.To drink, we selected an Argentinian Merlot. It was WONDERFUL and paired beautifully with all of our food. We started with toasty, crunchy bread with Casona's signature "sexy sauce". The taste of this sauce was certainly a sexy thing indeed.Our next course, Piononos, was my friend's favorite (she went back and ordered it for lunch this week in fact) and, after much deliberation, I've decided it was my favorite as well: sweet plantains stuffed with ground beef and Latin spices, topped with sexy sauce. First of all, I loved the presentation of each of the tapas. Secondly, WOW. The sweet plantains were a fantastic contract to the spiced ground beef, and the sexy sauce made them even more amazing. What a unique, well-prepared dish!Next up was a dish the seafood-lover in me was extremely excited to try, the ceviche, made with tilapia! Or as Fabio calls it...Peruvian sushi. Each section of the tray had a different sauce: yellow pepper sauce, rocoto, and virgin sauce. All were wonderful and had a bit of a spicy kick that got to me a bit by the time we'd finished this dish, but it wasn't so much spiciness that it made eating the ceviche unpleasant in any way. The dish was garnished with Peruvian corn - how cool is that? It was so yummy and wasn't even salted, buttered, or anything! The huge kernels packed a flavorful punch. The middle compartment of the tray was garnished with a sweet potato, which tasted so good in that spicy sauce. More yummy contrast!Out of anything I tried at Casona, I'd say the beef and chicken empanadas tasted most similar to other dishes I've tried before, but that doesn't mean they weren't stand-outs. The crunchy outer shell was fried to perfection and not greasy at all. The chicken was shredded, which I prefer so much more to chunks, and that perfectly-spiced ground beef was back again. Fabio called the salsa a pico de gallo, which was a bit odd to me since every other pico I've seen is more chunky and has the least liquid of any salsa variety, whereas this salsa was mostly liquid. I definitely prefer  a chunkier salsa, but since the empanadas shape is definitely more conducive to soaking than scooping, the liquid salsa was a good choice.The last dish was the Tostones Rellenos, or fried green plantains stuffed with chicken and shrimp (chicken for Rachel, shrimp for me) and garnished with homemade plantain chips. The plantain chips were the best I've ever tasted (Casona should bag them and sell them!) and the rellenos were again not greasy and absolute perfection. We were too full to finish this plate, and that did not make us happy, but we were going to explode with any more food!We are definitely going to be back to Casona (in fact, my friend's already been back), and it's so exciting to hear that they are having success so far in their revitalization.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,3/16/2012,79,190,5,7,4>I'm writing about how delectable Pho Saigon is partially because I'm in a huge fight with Pho Boston right now for getting crappier and crappier every time I go there. And also because I went to Pho Saigon with my boyfriend recently and we both almost cried with joy over the orgasmic food quality.The ambience within is that of a repurposed office space with neon signs, fluorescent lights, and a television in the corner playing insane, looping feeds of Asian markets with narration...or something, I tried to look away but it was hypnotic. The bathroom is uncannily large and office-y. The guy who works here was really happy when we came in (it was empty), smiled and showed us to a table. He gave us green tea which he refilled promptly throughout our meal and afterwards. We had their grilled chicken teriyaki which was like 3000X better than the chicken teriyaki at pho boston...so tender and with a touch of delicious sauce, and actual chunks of chicken on a stick...it was GREAT! My boyfriend got a soup that was so spicy that he was sweating bullets and euphorically rolling his eyes around and raising his eyebrows suggestively (and loving every minute of it...that capsaicin really gets the heart a-pumpin). I had their pho - they gave me a jalapeno with it, but the thai basil and bean sprouts and green lime were all there, and the PHO was PHABULOUS! A bazillion times better than Pho Boston.The guy who works here is really nice, he was sitting down and talking with a guy who came in alone, and the service was great. I highly recommend Pho Saigon for a date or whatever...probably not great for groups because it's small...also many of the vegetarian items on the menu seem to list meat in the ingredients so I don't know about that..GO HERE!
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,3/15/2012,42,107,,5,2>My boyfriend and I traveled to Hartford to check out this Wine Bar for a Tuesday date night...we had made reservations in response to many people suggesting to do so, but walked in to only 2 other tables in the whole place being sat! We got to chose our table which was nice. The art deco was eye popping and tasteful, the wine bottle racks from floor to ceiling filled with authentic Italian wines gave a wonderful vibe, and the comfortable half booth/half seat style tables were covered with beautiful pillows in all shades of cool blues teals and browns. But enough about the decor, lets get to what really matters- the wine and food. It was hands down the best meal I have had in MONTHS.   We started off with 2 bruschettas- the gorgonzola, hazelnut spread with warm pears was to DIE for....and the tomato basil and mozzerlla was so fresh, every flavor overwhelmed my taste buds in the best way. We paired our appetizer with a crisp semi sweet white wine, recommended by our waitress who was very informative and intuitive to what I was describing... she knew what she was talking about. About 25 minutes later or so, we ordered the Fondu, and the Risotto with squash and chicken. (*one thing I loved about this place especially was that there was no RUSHING around, no fast paced eating, drinking, and leaving...it was just sit and enjoy every possible flavor you can, for as long as you can.)The fondu came out first...If I thought my tastebuds were in heaven with the bruschetta, I was happily mistaken. The first bite my boyfriend took was followed with an enthusiastic " I want to bathe in this"...it was THAT good. The bread was so fresh, and the fondu was just amazing. We paired with a semi sweet red, and it was all AMAZING. At this point in the night, we are pretty full, but have one more dish on the way...the risotto. This came out and was beautifully presented. The green color mixed with the perfectly cooked rice and chicken was just beautiful. Although we were not able to finish the risotto that night, it made for the best lunch EVER the next day. The whole evening was just superb, and while the bill was on the higher side for a typical dinner for 2, it wasnt off the charts for all we had, and the quality that it came in. The service was fantastic and so willing to help, the vibe was so relaxed and low key, and the food just took everything over the top. If youve reached the end of this long review, thank you. I never write this long about places, but Bin 228 is totally worth it. Treat yourself, and go here.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,3/14/2012,175,385,4,3,3>I'd been here before several times in my pre-Yelp days.  I didn't have any specific memories of Ichiban, so it was nice to drop in again in my Yelp era.  It's not amazing Korean food, and it's harder for me to be excited on its merely being Korean, because living in Cheshire, I have great alternative options in Hamden and East Haven.  The banchan are also uninspiring.  That being said, there is a wealth of options on the menu, my jae yuk gui tasted pretty good, enough to conjure memories of my time in the DC metro area (the pork was a wee bit tougher than I would've liked).  Several of my friends got jjigaes, and they smelled delicious-- thinking that's what I'll try next time.  I left with a good feeling about the place; strong authentic flavors...One of my friends got some sushi; one look at the disheveled California Roll confirmed my suspicions.  This is not a Japanese restaurant AT ALL; it only has sushi because in a state without a dense population of Asians, purely Korean restaurants fear they won't survive without the widely acknowledged, widely accepted, and highly profitable California Roll (and its Japanese relatives).Fear not Ichiban-- word will continue spreading about your Korean food prowess.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,3/13/2012,80,717,5,2,5>I gain weight just driving by this place...A place that might as well feature a tall glass of bacon grease on its menu, Mo's Midtown is the can't-be-beat local dive diner of West Hartford, bar none. And yet it's somehow cheaper than its competitors.Carved right out of a Norman Rockwell magazine cover, everything is vintage... the booths are pleather, the counters are cracked, and the dishware is downright ancient. "Our coffee mugs are older than you" should be their new motto...And the food... awww yeah. How about a stack of blueberry pancakes with a side of corned beef hash? How about some sexy French toast with some killer griddle-style homefries? That's a big compliment not to mention... I usually favor shredded "IHOP style" homefries to those made with whole potato pieces, but Mo's executes the latter with perfection.And believe it or not, you actually can bring your crash dieting, whale saving, gluten-free-for-no-reason weirdo friends here... because they do offer a very nice fruit plate... I think I counted seven kinds of fruit on there last time I ordered it!In the land of great diners, Mo is king.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,3/12/2012,617,380,,3,2>I loveeeeeee breakfast and now I loveeeeeeee Hot Cakes! So many different types of yummy pancakes to choose from I didn't know where to begin! I got the Oatmeal Cinnamon pancakes. That may sound old fashioned, but let me tell you they were nothing short of deee-licious! My fiance got the home made cinnamon raisin bread and it was amazing. The waitress was super nice and friendly. The decor is homey and quaint. I will definitely be back to hot cakes in the very near future.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2011,3/11/2012,103,163,3,8,3>I had purchased a LivingSocial deal to this new salon in Plainville not really knowing anything about it. Their grand opening was in the fall of last year, so the establishment is relatively new. It's a pretty small facility with only three or four manicure and pedicure stations, but it's very clean and had a nice floor plan.I had made an appointment Saturday morning for a mani/pedi that afternoon, and upon arrival only had to wait a few minutes for them to fill up the foot bath... I think I took longer choosing a polish color! The manicurist was pleasant but not chatty, which is okay by me as I like to read during my pedicures. She did a nice job on both my toes and my hands, and didn't do anything drastic without asking first.While getting my manicure, a young woman came in to get her eyebrows threaded, and I watched pretty intently as the owner (whose name is Shahla, imagine that!) went to work. I had never seen and certainly never experienced threading, so I was kind of hypnotized by it. (Google the process if you're interested, it's too long to explain here!) I have had friends rave about threading vs. waxing, so I decided to give it a go on my eyebrows after my fingernail polish had dried. I was a little nervous about this, but alas. I'm a risk taker.So yeah. It hurt. The pain was no worse than waxing, but it was prolonged as it wasn't as quick as waxing. They say that threading is more precise, which is probably true considering how its done, but after looking in the mirror I wasn't thrilled with the results. She didn't take off the whole brow, thank goodness, almost the opposite... she cleaned them up but didn't shape them at all. I think I'll stick with waxing for the brows.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,3/10/2012,132,600,,6,1>What do you get when you cross a Trader Joes, Whole Foods, Meat House, and a bunch of other specialty places? This place.First a few caveats: It just opened. And it was mobbed. So it probably wasn't the best shopping experience.  Parking is very tight so wait a week or so until things die down.  Even so, there's a lot to like about this place.    The prepared foods section is terrific. Different kinds of empanadas, dumplings, salads, sushi etc.  Perfect for picking up a quick meal that isn't pizza.  And the best part: You can get free samples of virtually anything. In fact, its encouraged. I got a terayaki chicken wing and it was TERRIFIC.  Good looking salad bar too.  The fresh produce is very good as well. Wide ranging and plentiful. Looking forward to when the real farm season begins to see what they get and how much local stuff they purchase.The meat section was fine -- though I'll probably still use the Meat House.And there were lots of speciality foods though the Big Y has a broader Asian foods section, for example.   So this won't be a place for one-stop shopping. But its a great substitute for Whole Foods.  Still, perhaps we had too high of expectations but it won't replace Trader Joe's either with its speciality foods as well.So, we'll add this to the rotation and definitely use for dinners or a lunch.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2012,3/9/2012,55,281,1,3,2>I was walking in Hartford with a group of friends and we decided to stop in right at 5PM on a Saturday (no reservation....not a plug for Tony) If we arrived any later it would of been a long wait so I recommend a rez! For an app I had the Asian Lettuce Cups with hoisin, peanutdipping sauce, hot and sour chili sauce & chicken...nice and light, very tasty!Dinner was the Grilled Marinated Hanger Steak, excellent! Cooked perfectly, delicious also. Pricing is average, not too expensive.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,3/8/2012,4,17,2,5,4>My relatives and I love this place. You can catch us here on early friday evenings. Prices are excellent, portions very large and friendly service.Surprisingly they do a great job on dishes other than pizza and pasta. If you want a great steak dinner go to yanni's. A relative of mine always buys the ribeye steak and it always blows me away. Huge slice of steak made perfectly. Puts other steak restaurants to shame. We also buy their fish dinners which are also excellent. They do a great job on stuffed shrimp, salmon. Give this place a try, even if you don't want pizza or pasta, which is delicious.update:I forgot to mention their calzones! best calzone I've had since I was traveling in europe in my younger years. the calzone is so big it barely fits on the plate. you also get a bowl of sauce to spoon it over or in the calzone. It is filled with any of the toppings you can order for their pizzas, so you know its not something already premade, bought and stored in the freezer. I have to remember to take some pics next time
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,3/7/2012,6,28,,4,2>Walking into this restaurant, you won't be very impressed.  The plastic covered benches are covered with duct tape to cover holes and the dress code is sweatshirts and jeans. A large refrigerator filled with bottles of Beringer's and Walnut Crest dominated the largest dining room.  No pretensions here!  But if you came for good food, you're in the right place! This executive chef knows what he's doing.  From salad (I had the chef and the 'small' was severed in a giant soup bowl!) to soup (Don had the pasta fagioli--called fazool--sorry mom!) which he claims he'll get a bowl of next time we come.  I received two eggplant rollitinis from the appetizer menu.  I couldn't finish both.  They were exquisite!  Don couldn't finish his chicken parm! (Unheard of!) and loved every bite!  The pasta served with it was filled with fresh basil and pieces of plum tomatoes.  Both of our genuine Italian mothers were great cooks, so we know good Italian food and this is it! The service was friendly and fast and personable. Can't wait to try the pizza which we hear is "the best around." We will definitely be repeat customers  but I won't bother to dress up next time!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/6/2012,44,145,,5,2>My husband took me here last night because we've gone to the movies the last several weekends so he wanted to mix things up.  I had never heard of this place but figured I'd give it a shot because he seemed really excited about it. Personally the only other comedy club I've ever been to was the Funny Bone in Manchester which is a bit different. The MC mentioned at the beginning that this place is a "not for profit"....I could see that as the floor was plywood and it was also BYOB....but that is a GOOD thing not a bad thing, lol. There are comfortable theatre seats on three sides, so you can't have a bad seat.  Several people brought coolers and were having a nice time-no one got rowdy though.  The crowd was mostly older upper middle class people from West Hartford, along with a handful 25-30 year old hipsters. I'm 27, it felt like I was there with my parents and all their friends. But to tell you the truth--as I'm now 27 and not 23...I kind of liked it that way, ha ha. I felt like I was finally hanging with the cool crowd...but the cool crowd of the Class on 1970 instead of 2002. The two commedians were Carolyn Plummer and Peaches Rodriguez.  I liked Carolyn, especially her joke about being a stripper. Peaches was unlike any comedian I've ever seen and she's a really...interesting dancer-ha ha. All this for just $15 per ticket! I'm going to come back, with a bag of Smartfood and a few Mike's hard lemonades, then my husband won't be able to get me to leave.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,3/5/2012,37,115,4,15,2>Thank God...West Hartford has a new high-quality Chinese choice. For years, it's been only Butterfly and Chengdu, and recently it seems they've been resting on their long-ago laurels. Now Black Bamboo is poised to seize the crown with delicious food that's not greasy or over-fried and very reasonable prices. Bonus: the owners are VERY nice...they even offered me a free 2-liter soda just because I had to wait an extra couple of minutes because they were slammed. Bonus Bonus: they're next to Harvest, so you can pick up some fantastic beers at the same time. Highly recommended. The folks at Butterfly have to be nervous because they're only a few doors down.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,3/4/2012,66,149,,8,7>Ginza is quickly taking over as my favorite close-by sushi go to.Located right on the Silas Deane Highway in Wethersfield, Ginza was happy to accommodate me when I needed to make a last minute birthday party reservation, for I'm not sure how many people.  They gave us a big table on a Sunday night, and said it was perfectly fine for us to come in at whatever time people arrived. I always enjoy the specialty rolls here. They are super creative, and always delicious. I also LOVED the Salmon Toro Tartar, done with bits of sweet mango, it was yummy!!The service at Ginza is top notch, and we all had a great time. Not to mention a 15% discount when you check in with Yelp!!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2012,3/3/2012,200,181,2,4,3>When I first moved to Middletown my landlord recommended Mondo to us. Fast forward 6 months, we are just starting to make this our regular place (*face slap*...what's wrong with us?!).My favorite thing to order was something I got right before they changed to their new menus, The Cucumber Salad. It's goat cheese, arugula, cucumbers, tomatoes, a top delicious toasted flatbread. Mmmm. Pair that with the Local Cheese Board (cheese from Shelton, CT), their Malbec and you've got a tasty little dinner.Usually I get an order of the Eggplant Fries...they are crispy, melt in your mouth good with tasty marinara dipping sauce. Most times when I go with other people they get a sandwich...the portions are really big so you're absolutely getting your moneys worth and I have never heard any complaints.Take out: they make a mean pizza...I recommend the Margarita or plain cheese.Very family friendly, and the happy hour is pretty good...but of course if you miss the happy hour you can always buy the Yelp deal...$10 for $20, alrighty! Only con: they do not have a dessert menu.This place does get a little loud of Friday nights, but that's okay because the atmosphere is just what Middletown needs!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2012,3/2/2012,25,68,4,3,4>Oh how I love the Spigot.  If you're looking for a dark dive bar, Spig is the place to be.  It's full of regulars, from townies to college kids to law students.  John, the manager (?), is friendly and gregarious, as is almost everyone else who works there.  Not only does the place have a surprisingly amazing variety of beer in bottles (look for deals - there's a different one every day of the week), but it's got a great selection on tap!  It's always exciting to see CT's Ten Penny or Hooker on draft!  One complaint is that, on a few occasions, I have gotten a beer that's flat, but the bartenders are happy to accommodate an exchange.  I don't recommend getting mixed drinks here, though - it's certainly a beer bar.  Other great things about this place are the juke box, the darts, and the plethora of TVs.  I mean, what else do you need to have a good, low key night in Hartford?  Don't expect any quality bar bites - or any food beyond chips and nuts - but patrons can bring in food from outside to enjoy while drinking a pitcher of PBR and playing a game of cricket.  Love the Spig!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,3/1/2012,62,192,1,5,3>Walked in here around 10:30 in the morning before a noontime tipoff for UConn hoops at the XL Center. To my surprise, the new kid in town -- Burger Baby -- was the lone shining oasis amidst all the other closed restaurants and bars near the arena. It was early, but the owner was ready to go. He introduced himself, talked about the menu and sat us down in a great spot. I snapped a few pictures of the food and the place. Ultimately I went with the Wagyu burger and added the foie gras to take this thing over the top. It was symphony of flavors starring perfectly cooked Wagyu beef, black truffle and foie gras. Add fries cooked in duck fat, and you can start to understand what my heaven tastes like.I love Plan B's atmosphere, but Burger Baby  had the better food hands down.  My only complaint was all the add-ons: it was extra for duck fat fries; it was extra for the foie gras. I don't mind paying the extra money, but I'd like to see the price for the best ingredients built into the price of the menu rather than feeling upsold. Between the awesome hours, the spectacular greeting and the ultimate burger, this is a 5 for me.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,2/29/2012,31,250,5,5,5>The service here cannot be beat...and I only go here for the buffet. The staff are super friendly and usually try to get us to eat more and some dessert lol. Everyone we have brought here loves it and the price cannot be beat for their buffet. I did the weekend buffet once and there were no seafood options as advertised but there were more options than the standard lunch buffet. Someone complained that the buffet food is not spicy well DUH. They are not going to make the buffet spicy because everybody cannot handle the same amount of spice! They do keep all the various side spices which you could add in to add some spice to your personal dish =). I should try this place sometime outside of the buffet. Clipper magazine offers coupons for them usually. The one suggestion I would make is that they re-do the interior to make it feel more authentic. I love ethnic restaurants that look ethnic. But at the price i'm not complaining!
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,2/28/2012,12,98,,7,2>My new favorite place! I can't believe it took me so long to try it. There are three different menu choices: Italian, French and a rotating selection which I  believe was recently sushi and as of tonight was Thai. We had two Thai appetizers, spicy shrimp spring rolls and spicy chicken and sausage dumplings; both were absolutely delicious, especially the dipping sauces. Highly recommend. My husband had the short ribs with potato gratin and I had duck leg with coconut curry with pineapple fried rice. Sooooo good. My husband does not usually like curry, but he tried it and thought it was great, especially since it did not have an overwhelming curry flavor. We split the apple tart with caramel sorbetto. It was perfect. I am looking forward to trying many of the dishes on the menu.
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,2/27/2012,13,84,,2,2>One of the most creative restaurants I've been to. You create your own burger by checking off what you want on a small clipboard. The burger patties are HUGE-the smallest is 1/3 of a pound! They also have chicken, turkey, and veggie burgers (I personally prefer the veggie burgers even though I'm not vegetarian). Their seasoned cheese fries are the best I've tasted, and their malts are delicious. You also pick your cheese (wide variety, including brie and blue cheese), and their toppings are numerous. My only complaints are that the 'special toppings'-such as applewood smoked bacon-cost $1 extra (each), and the tables and chairs are flimsy and feel cheap. The place is also very small and crowded; you feel squished, especially when the place is full (and it often is, especially at night). They have a bar and takeout, but I didn't even know they offered takeout until I asked a waiter. Really wish they'd advertise that better. Overall, a good place with awesome food. Always go there when I'm in West Hartford.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,2/26/2012,189,284,3,4,2>I've been bringing the girls here for their haircuts for over a year now. The staff is great with both appointments and walk-ins. You can actually hear the smile in the receptionists voice over the phone. We've had several stylists cut the girls' hair, and each time it looks adorable. I've tried to do this myself, but toddlers are squirmy and I'm afraid of poking an eye out. The professionals here make them look lovely in 10 mins or less, no small feat with wiggle-butt kids. They have little bottles of bubbles for entertainment, and it works like a charm. Prices are very reasonable, it's around $10/child. I cannot comment on the adult hair cuts, Daddy and I both go elsewhere for that. Please give them a try!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,2/25/2012,146,150,4,4,4>Stew Leonards is the Disneyland of grocery stores without question. Not only is it an animatronic mecca, but it also has the most wonderful fresh food.Where to begin - my trip out to Stew Leonards was well worth it. Everything is freshly made from the mozzarella to the meatballs. You really can't go wrong in this place.  The meatball grinder was the best I've EVER had and the honey peanut butter I bought made the most incredible pb&j's I've had in a long time. From the incredibly tasty produce to the hand-made raviolis and the pistachio ice cream (I LOVE all things pistachio!) I was on sensory overload when I left this store - loving every moment of it. If you enjoy food even just a little, you owe it to yourself to visit this place. It's far too much fun and takes grocery shopping to a whole new level.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2012,2/24/2012,38,41,3,5,3>I love love oysters and there are only a few trusted places to have oysters. Max is one of them. The only issue is I want more than a dozen. Aside from my love for oysters, Max is relaxing and the service is excellent. I can always count on Max to give me a fulfilling lunch. Amazing Happy Hour if you can make it on time. Wait:Never made reservations as I don't plan ahead but if you're thinking about dinner better use that smart phone and grab yourself a table or you'll have a case of the stomach cramps. Food:Any place that tells me the source of their fish is reputable in my book.  My favorite item here is the Paella. The paella is a generous portion that will easily feed a family of four. Laced with saffron, mussels, clams and scallops you can't go wrong if you're a seafood lover. I find the dish to be very filling and flavorful. Maybe not authentic in flavor but it is well worth it.  Sometimes we have to deviate from the past and move onto new exciting innovations and the paella here is the case. Price:Dinner can be pricey but you have to consider the portion size. If you're getting fish from the Market Catch you get healthy vegetables on the side. No I'm not talking frozen carrot and peas.  The best deal here is their Happy Hour.With a $5 min drink purchase you can get burgers for $2. And oysters for $1 piece. Sausage dog and fish and chip for $5. If you can't afford the dinner prices, you better be prepared to eat a little earlier than normal. Service:EXCELLENT! These guys have it down to a science. Every server knows how proper table manners. Parking:It's West Hartford so expect to pay a little for parking.  If lucky you can snag a parking space on the side but if not there are garages available.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,2/23/2012,40,111,2,6,3>Okay I have upgraded this to a 5 star place. Why? Because I have gone back a few more times and am still impressed. My haircut lasted a very long time. . That's the difference between a good cut and a freakin great cut--it looks fab growing out (my hair grows really fast).The customer service once again was wonderful. They really take care of you and the atmosphere is just right and relaxing. Just know that you might have to leave a message on the answering machine because they will not abandon the client to answer the phone. When you are there, you come first. Actually I have been checking around and their prices are comparable to most of the other salons in town. I had no idea.Anyway, give them a try. They really listen to what you want and do not push products on you or try to  lacquer you with hairspray on your way out the door.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,2/22/2012,72,359,2,5,2>Okay... I asked and they said it was an electric smoker, but you'd never know it. In another review of a local bbq joint not to be named, I had said that there was no real good bbq in CT... I lied. It's here. There's duct tape on the seats, saucy waitresses, crazy dilapitated building in the back, etc, but the food is worth the peril. The brisket is really good, and the pulled pork actually tastes smokey, unlike the steamed, sauce soaked meat you get in Windsor or Hartford. Now it's not heirloom, but it is awesome. Better yet, the fried chicken is unbelievable. In fact, if you're not absolutely fiending for bbq, forgo the beef and pig and then skip straight to the fried bird.And if you're into it, the fried Twinkie is worth risking hardened arteries. It kind of reminds me of the fried ice cream you used to be able to get a Chi-chi's, but unlike the fried foodstuffs you'll get at the Big E, which have been sitting around and soggifying for a few too many minutes, the fried food stuffs here are hot out of the fryer. Lucky find!!!
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2011,2/21/2012,69,136,,7,1>There have been many different restaurants before in this location, and we were initially hesitant of dining @  "The Gathering" since many restaurants have come and gone over the years. Well, we were pleasantly surprised by our dining experience!They are located just off Exit 2, I-384 Keeney Street in Manchester. Easy access for a delicious breakfast or afternoon lunch! Oh, a small reminder that breakfast is actually served all day long!! Yum!The new owners redecorated the inside and definitely brightened up the interior to a nice pleasant atmosphere!We actually went for lunch. I had the special 'Bow-tie Chop Suey'. which was in a nice mushroom meat sauce. Be sure you come on a empty stomach because the serving size was pretty big! They also have a children's menu, so that is great for families. My wife had a grilled chicken cesar salad and thought it was delicious and the chicken was marinated perfectly!The restaurant staff was amazingly pleasant and very courteous which made our meal even a better experience compared to other local restaurants. Lastly, even though they are new to Manchester, 'The Gathering' has been in business since 1999 so you know they are not a flyby start up restaurant. I encourage everyone to check them out soon!!!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,2/20/2012,49,66,7,5,7>I've been here for the comedy club a couple times before and I've purchased their Naughty Nurse beer at the liquor store, but I'd never actually sat down for dinner at City Steam.  The lady-friend works right upstairs from City Steam and has the pleasure of smelling the yeasty brewing process all day everyday... that being said, I was surprised when she suggested we go there for dinner (I guess she put my alcohol problem ahead of her own, personal comfort.  Isn't she sweet?).We started with a couple beers, of course.  I ordered the Innocence Ale and she had the Black Silk Stout.  The Innocence was about what you'd expect from an IPA.  Bold and hoppy, but nothing mind-blowing.  Hers was good too, though it had a higher than typical alcohol content for stout.  For dinner I opted to try the menu item that boasted...##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##*CHOOOOO CHOOOOOOOOO!!!!*##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##!!##WTF was that?!?  Oh, they blow some steam whistle thing to make sure none of their patrons leave with clean underwear or both ears functioning properly.Where was I?  Oh yeah, for dinner I tried the item advertised as being their #1 seller, the Pot Roast.  The lady had the smoked chicken salad sandwich with waffle fries.The pot roast was served over a bed of mashed potatoes and drenched in a delicious, rich gravy.  The meat was so tender, it virtually melted onto my fork.  Outstanding!The chicken salad was good too, but was definitely overshadowed by the magnificence of my plate's medley of saturated fats, carbohydrates, sodium, and cholesterol.  The waffle fries, however, were something special.  They were well seasoned and fried to crispy perfection.  Combined with the gravy on my plate, they were heaven in a greasy little bite!For dessert I had another beer.  What? It's a brewery!This time I tried the Export Lager.  I was not impressed by this watery, almost flavorless beer, but then again, it's tough for a light lager to compete for space on the taste buds when following an IPA.In the end, it was a surprising experience.  I generally think of breweries putting beer as their #1 priority and the food secondary.  That doesn't seem to be the case here.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,2/19/2012,15,160,,4,4>If we could we would eat here every weekend.  The fish is fresh every time.  I get the salmon just about every visit and it's spiced perfectly.  My boyfriend gets a platter of fish usually and loves it every time.  You get a lot for your money here.  The service is number 1.  You can't ask for better.  They take great pride in that and it keeps bringing us back.  Along with the fresh fish and awesome service, you get all the extras automatically here, a good salad, bread, choices galore for your potato and an additional side item. I can't say enough good things about the restaurant.  It's quiet and relaxing too, the bar area is far enough away from where you sit and eat to make it a great dining experience.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2012,2/18/2012,88,253,2,4,3>Barcelona New Haven is one of my favorite restaurants in New Haven. Their tapas, ambiance and service are as good as it gets! I had never visited the West Hartford location and was skeptical about its ability to live up to my dining experience in New Haven.Not only was Barcelona West Hartford excellent but dare I say I actually preferred dining here. This location is more charming in terms of the ambiance itself but because it is not located in a college town the patrons are more of an eclectic mix of people.I will certainly return again and again and again if for no other reason than to gorge myself on quite possibly the best beef empanadas ever made!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2011,2/17/2012,32,40,5,5,4>Yes it has a $15 cash minimum.  Yes it has odd hours and is only open around lunchtime.  Yes the fries are just average.  And if you read all the bad reviews, that is all they have to say because the hotdogs are @$!king amazing and I have now eaten every one on the menu with the exception of the fear inspiring Devil Dog.  My favorites so far are the Hot Chiuaua and Deputy Dog; my wife is quite partial to the Chicago, however, which is also high on my list.  I am still eager to go back for another, and another, and another even in spite of a 30 min commute to this Hartford mecca. There is a reason Woody's made the Travel Channel and was featured on Man vs. Food.  Come see for yourself.  Or don't...more hotdogs for me and less time waiting in line :)
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,2/16/2012,7,46,,3,2>My husband and I stopped into Esca after a dinner date for wine and dessert.  Esca has an upscale downtown city feel to it, a little misplaced in Middletown's home town scene.  But it's exactly the type of place we were hoping for.  The decor is modern with pretty white lights upstairs surrounding the dining area, very inviting.  We sat down at the large stone bar which had big comfy leather bar chairs.  The bartender was extremely friendly, handing us a dessert menu before we asked for one.  The wine menu by the glass wasn't very large, but we were pleasantly surprised with the options for port, which my husband adores (and it was fantastic).  The creme brulee was AMAZING, one of the best I've ever had.  All in all, great place to stop in for a drink, and I'm sure the dinner menu is as delicious as it looked!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,2/15/2012,31,127,2,10,3>European Tailoring is located in West Hartford Center. It's a very trendy place. Decent off-street parking.I brought in a pair of jeans for Inna to hem. I'm short- so I needed almost 4" taken off. That said, I knew it was a bit of work, so I was in no rush to pick 'em up, so Inna told me to come back in a week. When I picked up the jeans, they were amazingly well done. It was like the jeans LOOKED like that to begin with. PERFECT!There's no doubt in my mind that Inna excels at what she does. FWIW, I would definitely bring my clothes back for Inna to tailor. She will definitely be my go-to girl! The only reason why I only gave 4 stars is because she's a bit expensive. I've never paid more than $10 for hemming...
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,2/14/2012,53,114,4,7,3>It has been a very long time since I left a restaurant and in the parking lot I said "WOW!"I love 'hole in the wall' places with authentic food.  Pho 501 is the definition of 'hole in the wall."  And, I hope it never changes.I love all foods.  A few years ago I discovered Pho (a Vietnamese noodle soup) and have tried it many places throughout the USA.  This... hands down... is the BEST Pho I have EVER had.  If you aren't a Pho fan (say that three times fast) this place isn't for you.  Pho is all they serve.  They do have one day when they serve spring rolls, but off the top of my head I can't remember what day.  I can't wait to go back then - what a combination that will be with the Pho!  It also looked like some 'locals' knew how to order separate sides... or toppings.  I will find out what that was so I can be a 'local' as well.  The menu is set - certain Pho items on certain days.  We had to wait OUTSIDE in a line to get a table.  Once we got a table, we shared it with four other people.  Again, it's part of the experience - I would sit with ANYONE to get this stuff!  I got the beef Pho... the beef was SO tender and SO flavorful.  I could go on about all the different flavors that explode with this food... let me just say, it was ALL delicious.I can't wait to come back here.  My only worry about writing this review is more people will come... which means longer lines.  I would wait as long as it takes to get in here to eat.  If you are anywhere near this place, you have to come try this Pho.Way to go Pho 501!  Please do not EVER change a thing.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2012,2/13/2012,119,143,1,2,3>I think the first time I went to Goldburgers I had a hot dog.  It was good but yesterday I ordered my first burger there.  It was just a simple single with buffalo sauce, blue cheese and mayo and my goodness it was awesome.  I also had half a full order of fries (which was a huge order).  Everything was nummers.  I am really picky about hamburgers.  Sometimes I'd rather get a veggie burger or a turkey burger but I ponied up and did beef and I will never even think about getting a hot dog or non-beef burger here again.Anyway, I feel as though I'm not saying anything new and revealing about Goldburgers but I will say, try them.  If you love burgers and you've tried Five Guys, Plan B, Catsup and Mustard, The Counter and Max Burger, you've gotta try Goldburgers.One really neat thing about the place: the suggestion board.  You can write a suggestion on a slip of paper and they will comment about your suggestion when they post it on the board (which is right by the door).
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,2/12/2012,87,141,,3,2>What can you say about Liffey's that hasn't already been said?One of the few bars in New Haven that really has a community vibe to it.  The bartenders make an effort to get to know the regulars and there is definitely a Liffey's Crowd that hangs out.  Mostly friendly folks who have a love for European football and local kickball leagues.They also are one of the few places you can actually get a cheap drink in the city.  They usually are running a few specials on cheap beer, whether it's PBR, Miller Lite, or something else.  It's nice to know you can have a few beers without breaking your wallet.The food is pretty good for Irish pub grub.  It's a little better than average, but probably not something you'd go there for.In the summer, the patio is generally kicking with a ton of people outside smoking, which is a nice feature if you're into that kind of thing.  It's sort of an alleyway, but it works.It can be a little difficult to get a spot at the bar on busier nights like Fridays or Saturdays, but that's the price of going to a place that has a lot of people hanging out and having a good time.The beer selection is a little better than average and they have the usual stuff.  Foodwise, I'd also recommend the Irish sampler if you have the stomach for it.  It is not for the feint of heart.Overall definitely has one of the best vibes in New Haven, combining Irish pub with local neighborhood haunt.  And without a doubt, if you're looking for some European soccer, this is the place to be.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,2/11/2012,65,82,5,17,12>Somebody smack me in the face, because I hope I'm not dreaming about this place.Oozing with a minimalist cool, calm, and collected vibe, Luxe Modern is a welcome addition to Westport's once lagging nightlife.Bright marble white table tops and cool-toned seating swirl together to compliment the long and slightly narrow glossy bar.  It's bottle illumination is awakening as you peer at the quality spirits offered in this truly charming establishment. Music is contemporary and mellow, gently providing background for the conversing patrons. Candles add to the flair of relaxation that this place exudes.Mmm and the cheese. The cheese, the cheese, the cheese.The small things matter when choosing a regular place to enjoy, so here are my favorites:* Purse hooks extend below the bar, catering to non-wristlet travelers* It's a family run operation with strong yet laid back teamwork to offer caring service * The owner, Robert Reilly of Redding, really took time to craft the menu. He hand selected over 40 whites and reds and worked for months choosing the final cocktails (hint: ask about the special Malbec)* The cocktail menu is superb; New York attention to detail and flavor profiles will tantalize even the most picky drinker.Favorites of the night: Old Fashioned: wonderful aromatic bitters and smooth rye. Rye rye rye!Little Big Apple: limited edition apple smoked triple cream brie paired well with the offering of apricotsI'll leave the rest up to you to discover. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2011,2/9/2012,68,200,,6,3>I'm going for it - Blue Elephant deserves 5 stars.  The man and I have been now about two dozen times since it opened - lunch and dinner; take out and sit down.  It's the best Thai food around, and the best combination of value and freshness in the Center - period.  Every single person I've taken there has left as happy as we always do.  The owners and waitstaff have maintained their consistently friendly and service-oriented  approach since day 1 - what a welcome (and sometimes uncommon) approach in the center.Extremely vegetarian/vegan/gluten free and clean eating friendly.  My faves:Papaya Salad (now larger than in the beginning and so delicious with toasted peanuts on top)Tom Yum SoupGarlic StirfryGinger StirfryBasil Leaves StirfryI generally order vegetables and/or vegetables with steamed tofu in the stirfries, however the seafood here is solid, particularly the scallops (amazing).  Food can be as mild or spicy as you want it - in fact, everything is customizable, from spicing to vegetable assortment to oil level to seasoning to different types of seafood - just ask!  If you're lucky, you may even receive a bowl of pickled veggies to start your dinner - some of the best pickled cucumbers I've ever tasted.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,2/8/2012,402,2019,,5,4>NoRa Opened on New Years Eve .. this place is pretty damn cool, and they serve up some damn fine cupcakes. Right across the street from Eli's, next to the Eli's emporium is NoRa Cupcake company. It was pretty crowded when i was here so we got 2 cupcakes to start off - the carbomb and the almond joy. Both were super-rich cakey goodness. Can't wait to try more flavors. Middletown has a few very good bake shops, but now we got a cupcake shop too!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,2/7/2012,54,99,1,4,4>A country style market less than a half mile from my house? Heaven on apple cider doughnut earth. This is a slight problem for me, seeing as I absolutely love cider doughnuts, apple fritters, brownies, cookies, muffins, fresh bread....needless to say the baked goods are awesome. The Apple Barrel is just such a great place to stop and pick up some specialty items such as Lymans own  fresh made cheese spread, fresh cider, fresh fruit....fresh fresh fresh! The deli counter offers a wonderful selection of tasty sandwiches made to order. And by the checkout counter you'll find a plethora of old fashioned candy and chews! I LOVE THIS PLACE.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,2/6/2012,357,375,,7,2>I knew that Friday open houses were $10 including a pint glass, but I didn't know until this Saturday when I stopped in that Saturday open house - with just beer, no glasses - is only $5. You really can't beat that! The beer is delicious - we were able to try five or six that were rotating on tap - and we stayed for a good two hours, drinking as much beer as we wanted. We got a neat, very informative tour of the brewery from a member of the staff, and for the rest of the time, we were able to sit in one of the seating areas and just hang out. The atmosphere is great - all of the staff is really friendly, and it wasn't that crowded on a Saturday afternoon. There was a TV set up with an Xbox Kinect, so we could play a little virtual bowling, too. This was my second time at the Thomas Hooker Brewery. My first time was for a fundraiser, where we paid a little more, but it was for charity, and I still think it was a great deal for all the beer we got, and for how much fun we had. Whether you're stopping in for a fundraiser, a Friday open house, or a Saturday open house, the tour and unlimited beer is a great deal, and it's always a good time.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2011,2/5/2012,13,8,2,4,2>Disclaimer: This is the guy who's cooking introduced me to Indian food almost 15 years ago. Needless to say, I've been hooked ever since.Over the years I've eaten Indian food in various parts of the country and although some have been very good, no one comes close to the home-cooked style and spice balance that Bonani has mastered.I have introduced many of my Indian coworkers to Bonani, and some of them are now also hooked. They tell me it's more like the homemade food they're used to than your typical fancy Indian restaurant food.The Chicken Patiala has become one of my favorite dishes, and I like it Spicy.  Order it Medium spicy and it will be flavorful, with a kick.  Spicy can set you on fire.  I also like the Chicken Makhni here.This is mainly a take out joint in a tiny strip mall, so don't expect any special ambiance.  I'm not deducting any stars for that, as the food stands on it's own for me.  I would travel an hour just to eat there!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,2/4/2012,4,13,3,9,4>This is one of my fav places to get take-out from. Consistently good food and friendly service.You MUST try their falafel, mujaddara and baklava. That is all I can comment on because those three things are so good I just get them every time. Theirs is the kind of food that is so good that if something makes me think about it in the morning or afternoon, I will probably be craving that and nothing else by that evening and we'll wind up having that for dinner. The falafel is great, I just wish there was a little more of the tahini sauce on it (I think that's what's in there). Sometimes I just order extra, and then it's fine (but then again, I am a sauce person. Some people might like it as is.) The mujaddara is amazing. To the point that I have tried making it myself at home, but it never comes out quite as good as theirs.  And the baklava...Oh. My. God. It is a delicious, melt-in-your mouth piece of heaven. Great, and......now, I want this for dinner....!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,2/3/2012,6,17,,2,2>I thought I would share my experiences at WHY despite having only been to 2 classes (so far). I am very impressed.I bought the Groupon for $25.00 for a month of unlimited classes...a pretty smokin' deal considering that the drop-in rate for most classes is $17.00. I am not new to yoga; have practiced on my own (off and on ) for years and have done  yoga at various studios out west (in Phoenix, AZ) the past 2 years.  I was happy to stumble upon this Groupon so soon after moving to the east coast because there are definitely less yoga studios here than in a big city like Phoenix.I started at WHY on Sunday in Ali's Pre-natal class. I've heard a lot of people complain that pre-natal yoga isn't a "workout" and as a regular practitioner of yoga, all I can say is, when you're 8 months pregnant (as I am), I'm not looking for a "workout" in yoga class; I'm looking for relaxation and stretching to ease the sore spots. I am an avid runner and running coach (when not pregnant) and I have been doing (and still do) regular workouts this whole pregnancy-- I  am just choosing to use yoga as a supplement to my cardio (elliptical) and lifting sessions during the latter weeks of my pregnancy.I thought the class was great. She did a great job explaining everything and modifying the poses for people at different points in their pregnancy. I loved it. I will be back next Sunday. It should be noted that in my first trimester and beginning of the second, I did a few gym yoga classes and although the instructor did modify things for me, I felt like I was kind of a burden being there in the regular class... Because I want to get the most out of my Groupon, I asked which other classes (if any) would be suitable for me at this point in my pregnancy. She mentioned that anything gentle or restorative should be fine because all of the instructors are trained in how to modify poses for (very) pregnant ladies. I went back yesterday afternoon for the Gentle Yoga class with Aaron. It was packed but I found a spot. I knew enough to grab extra bolsters and blankets to prop myself up. I did not get there early enough to chat with Aaron before class started but he approached me within the first 10 minutes of class and told me which things to avoid. Again, at this point in my pregnancy, I know what feels good and what doesn't. The class was great. I definitely had to sit out during the series of ab exercises but was content to lie in an alternate pose and focus on my breathing.  Aaron is definitely very relaxed (told jokes and stories throughout the class) and did a lot of stress releasing exercises. I thought it was another great class.  I am impressed with these classes at WHY, the front desk staff is very friendly and helpful and I actually appreciate the parking attendant to help avoid accidents in the busy parking lot before and after class. I like the layout and "vibe" of the studio. It does get packed so I guess I just need to get there early but I am looking forward to a few more weeks of relaxing yoga.I will definitely be purchasing a 10-class pack after my month is up and look forward to doing some hot yoga, power yoga, and some more advanced classes after my baby is born.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,2/2/2012,21,22,1,7,2>Seriously delicious vegetarian combo. And consistently good. Hummus is creamy and tahini-y. Wicked parsley in the tabouli, like it should be. Grape leaves have great spice. And the falafel melts in your mouth. Not like Tangiers, which are dried out rocks.I love middle eastern food. And Aladdin, notwithstanding the late night pizza joint feel, has some real top notch food. My husband, despite his middle eastern ancestry, always tends to go for pizza or grinders here. And he has been disappointed. That is why they only get 4 stars. Go for the middle eastern food. Its scrumptious.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,2/1/2012,16,69,3,7,3>Yay, vegan brunch! Pancakes, scrambled tofu, soysausage, home fries... one of everything, please! This is the only place for miles with decent vegan brunch, and I don't know anywhere else that has vegan pancakes. Dinner is also great, with good selection of soups, salads, and entrees. It can get a little pricey. I was satisfied with just a soup and salad for a meal. The desserts are pretty good too, though not out of this world. It is a little intimidating at first, as it is at the end of a residential road, but once you get inside they are super friendly. Don't go in there if you're in a rush, go in for the experience and to take your time. This really is a great place to spend the evening with a bunch of friends, trying good food and sharing a bottle (or more!) of wine.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,1/31/2012,59,250,2,4,4>Carrie took amazing photos for our family in the fall.  She came to our house (location of our choosing) and did wonderful photographs of our daughters playing the yard, as well as some great photos of my husband and me.  She also took some great family photos, including our dogs - amazing!  In only a few days, she had sent us a link to our photos in an album and within in a week or so, we had a jump drive of the photos.  We highly recommend Carrie and will definitely use her again!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2011,1/30/2012,48,120,5,5,6>This Connecticut gem of a burger joint, nestled, almost unnoticed, on a commercial street between gas stations, a DQ, and a row of convenience stores, glitters like a diamond among the dust of a cave.  Inside this tiny, tiny, tiny little hole-in-the-wall, is a delicious, steamy world of plump, juicy, burgers and hot dogs and ooey gooey cheddar cheese heaped on cloud-light fresh buns.  Toppings are abundant and generous and include all the classics, sodas are in a multitude of varieties, and the fresh cooked hash browns (with more cheese) are an unexpected nice touch!What can I say?  My friends and I loved the place.  The food was delicious (moist, meaty and fat-drained!) and the service was great.  We will be back!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,1/29/2012,11,47,2,4,2>I grew up right nearby, so when I was visiting CT I had to stop by: the quality was as good as I remembered it, and they had even added on a dining room so I didn't have to go eat the piping hot, fresh seafood in my car.  This is primarily a fish market, and they do most of the business not on the retail side but business to business: at the same time, this volume of trade allows them to keep product moving, so you should feel confident that you are getting some good fish if you are shopping at their retail counter.  However, the portion of City that I was enjoying this day was their prepared food (mostly fried seafood with fries).  I got the soft shell crab lunchbox, which came with two large soft shell crabs plus fries for $11: pretty much unbeatable in my book, especially when the crabs were perfectly cooked, nice and tender with a very light breading that didn't even come close to overwhelming the seafood.  From past memories the whole belly clams are really good too...
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2012,1/28/2012,8,55,2,3,3>Look, I don't know the difference between "authentic Mexican" and Tex-Mex, but I know good food vs. bad. This is good stuff and I like it.Every time I've eaten here the service has been prompt and very friendly, and they've always accomodated my fussy eating children with a smile. It's a warm, comfortable, inviting place that seems to always have a good crowd.I like the chips and salsa they bring to the table automatically. The beans are good too but IMO always need seasoning, so I like to mix the salsa with the beans for a little kick.I love the chicken mole. I never thought I'd eat chicken with chocolate but I'm a believer now. Try it! If I don't want to think too much about what I'm ordering I get a burrito or an enchilada and I've always been happy. The rice that comes on the side is always tasty.Their cocktails are very tasty & they seem to have a good selection of beer and some interesting drink concoctions to choose from.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,1/27/2012,25,38,2,5,2>This is GREAT chicken! I have been a couple of times now and the food was excellent each time. The chicken tenders are fresh and juicy. I would not recommend you let them sit for too long since they will get soggy after about 10 minutes. (This probably explains the only other negative review.) I found that if you tear off the end, it will cool down a little quicker. The fries are good and have what I think is shaved sea salt on them. The only downside is that I wish there was a way to try a few different sauces without having to take a chance of not liking the one you picked.The average person should find the 2 tender meal filling enough. Both of my kids can't wait until we go back again. Be sure to check out some of the witty drawings posted on the far wall.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,1/26/2012,312,447,2,8,3>I've had pizza all over Connecticut, even all over New England, and the chefs at Bufalina make some of the best pizza I have ever had (quite possibly the best).  I have never been disappointed by a single pie (well, maybe except the one time they messed up our take-out order and gave us an anchovy pizza by accident, which really wasn't our cup of tea but I ate it anyway).  Last night we had the Spicy Broccoli Rabe as well as the Funghi, both excellent.  The Funghi was so good I did a little dance while I was eating it.  In the past we've also tried the Bufalina, Rossi, Porri and Quattro Formaggi.  My favorites are the latter two:  Porri has caramelized leek, pancetta, and scamorza (aged mozz), and the Quattro Formaggi is a beautiful combination of mozz, gorgonzola, fontina, parmagiano and salame piccante.  So so sooo good.  High quality ingredients and wonderful, slightly charred, crispy on the outside and soft on the inside crust, skillfully crafted pies.  Pricier than your typical pizza joint for the size of the pies but much, much, better.  Also, their salads are always extremely fresh and involve the perfect pairing of ingredients and dressing.  I have never loved pizza as much as I love Bufalina's.
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,1/25/2012,7,4,6,9,7>I'm a last minute girl, so I LOVE that Acure has online booking, almost like opentable in the restuarant world.I decided to make a hair appointment because of Dorothy's amazing reviews that I found here on Yelp, and let me tell you, they are TRUE. I just got home from my hair appointment and could not be happier. Literally the best consultation/haircut I've ever experienced. I always fall into a winter rut, and this haircut has totally lifted me out of that slump. I feel beautiful! I look forward to working this cut, and my numerous future appointments with Dorothy. She rocks!
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2011,1/24/2012,5,18,,5,3>We dined at Hana Sushi for the first time recently.  The restaurant is tiny -- 8 tables in all -- but it's comfortable and tastefully decorated in a kind of predictable, faux-Asian bamboo and grass theme.  The menu has all of the usual Japanese fare you'd expect, along with a selection of house specialty rolls.  Miso soup was served piping hot, with just the right balance of tofu and seaweed.  We ordered gyoza, tempura, and chicken yakitori for appetizers; the gyoza and tempura were both very tasty and well executed, if but just a tiny little bit (but not unpleasantly) oily.  The yakitori was very good, and ended up being the main course for our 6-year-old son.  For entrees, my wife had the Black Dragon Roll, and I had the Sushi/Sashimi combo.  The Black Dragon was a generously-sized inside-out roll, with spicy crab inside and a combination of avocado and broiled freshwater eel outside.  Dressed with toasted sesame seeds and eel sauce, each piece was a wonderful combination of items, and was surprisingly satisfying and filling.  The s/s combo had 8 pieces of sashimi (tuna, salmon, red snapper, and yellowtail) and 6 assorted pieces of sushi, along with a tuna roll.  The raw fish was stunningly fresh, and each slice had its own clean, clear, distinctive flavor.  Most notable in that plate was the mackerel sushi, which was full of delightful omega-3 oiliness without tasting at all fishy.  For dessert we shared an order of fried coconut ice cream.  A baseball-sized scoop, dipped in tempura batter and quickly fried, and topped with sweet syrup and whipped cream, it arrived at our table hot on the outside but remarkably still frozen solid inside.  The juxtaposition of textures, temperatures, and flavors was incredible.  With tax and tip, the meal came to $75, which is right in line for this kind of fare in the greater Hartford area.  All in all, our experience was very good, and we'll have to go back soon to try more of the menu.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,1/23/2012,26,17,8,5,5>I'd love to kiss whoever figured out that you could eat raw fish without dying. (If it's a hot chick I might even slip some tongue!)  I mean imagine it, a line of people are testing different raw foods.  The first person tries the raw chicken and dies, the next person tries the raw beef and gets violently ill.  Now you're on the hook here for the raw fish and even after that you still give it a go.  Bam, instant hit!  That takes some cojones.I want to start by saying Tokyo II hands down has the best sushi in the area.  The quality, taste and presentation of the food are by no means the reason why I'm giving four stars (4.75 if I could).  The reason is their ambiance is a little hit or miss.  Sometimes I go and it's freezing cold.  Other times it's like a sauna.  I have gone and it's been just fine, so don't be too scared away.  For the most part though I take out and that is always five stars.Tokyo II has some of the best special rolls I've ever had.  Crazy Yellowtail Roll blows me away.  Spicy yellowtail crunch with banana, YES BANANA, deep fried with three kinds of sauce!!  I just fell out of my chair.  Mango Tuna roll - spicy tuna with asparagus on the inside, tuna and mango on the outside.  You kiddin me?!?!  When you get your sushi, pay close attention to the plates.  As some of the pictures here show, the sushi chefs put significant detail into the presentation.  Treescapes with birds are quite often pictured drawn on your sushi plate using the various special sauces they have.  Very cool!!Prices are on par with any top sushi place I've ever been too and the taste and flavor is always consistent.  If you're within 20 minutes of this place and aren't getting your sushi here, you need to be.  Don't make me come after you.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2011,1/22/2012,10,6,4,2,2>Okay, so after all the reviews of this place I just HAD to try it out to see what all the commotion was about. Now I see.This place is AMAZING! From the perspective of a fourteen-year-old girl, I consider myself to be very picky with my food, gagging at any slight distortion or distaste to my food. Well, I just HAVE to give this place 5 stars because the food is AMAZING. I went yesterday for lunch and I bought a grilled cheese off the kids' menu, a Cappuccino muffin, and a bagel with cream cheese. Not the fanciest lunch, I know, but it was made to perfection. The cashier also brought me the sandwich when it was done, directly to my table even though she was busy with other customers. Now that's what I call customer service! :)Then, I had my mother go today to pick me up some breakfast. I only bought french toast with bacon this time, and it was heavenly. The toast were at least 1" thich and sprinkled with sugar! And the bacon... mmmmmmmm! So crispy yet not too crispy. I wanted another order after I devoured the four slices of bread and the 3 pieces of bacon. The only problem I had was that they added warm strawberries on top, and I don't like my fruit touching my other food, but they were good nonetheless. I hope to go again tomorrow and the rest of the week. Hartford may not be my favorite place to live, but I would stay just for this.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,1/21/2012,115,309,,5,2>If you are partial to the dog breed pug, this is your place.  There must be 300 framed images of pugs scattered around the restaurant.  The owner changed the name from Corner Pub many years ago favoring the name "Corner Pug" after his dog.I have been visiting this establishment for 5 or 6 years.  Usually to meet friends and hang around.  Their bar is nicely set up, usually crowded around dinner so often we will grab one of their comfortable booths.  I frequently order their Ruben, but I have been eying the prime rib with Aujus and horseradish they offer on Monday and Tuesday each week.  I stopped by yesterday after work and was not disappointed.I ordered the 16 oz prime rib meal.   Wow!  They were kind enough to substitute grilled veggies for the garlic mashed potatoes.  I went with three other people.  Nice portions, good service, great food!  In the future, I believe I would back off the 1 lb. offering and order the 8oz instead.  The 16 oz prime rib was enormous.  I am a fan of an end cut.  Really wonderful.  I also ordered it served with fries.  Some of the others in my party ordered burgers and the broiled veggies with Chicken breast.  The broiled veggies really are good, and an excellent choice for vegetarians as a meal, adding protein is an option.I have eaten there with folks that have allergies and they were catered to appropriately.They also participate in foursquare fyi.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2011,1/20/2012,54,171,,4,2>Never heard of this place until my friend brought me to the door.  It is a stone's throw from the Capitol / Legislative Office Building, so it makes a great place for lunch.  A very trendy atmosphere, you know what type of food you are going to get: upscale & good quality.Prices are very high for lunch food but the quality ingredients make the meal delicious.  I ordered the chicken salad & bacon sandwich with mixed greens as a side (sub. for fries).  Nice light oil dressing on the greens & the sandwich was awesome!  Great flavors all around.  My friend had the chicken pot pie.  It was good but be careful because it is not your traditional style pot pie (has spinach & huge bulbs of onion).Final note: THE PICKLES HERE ARE OUT OF THIS WORLD.  By far, the best pickles I have every eaten in my entire life.  They have a tangy zip to them that is unbeatable.  I asked for more & they brought me some & I even asked to buy them in a jar from them.   Sadly, they do not do that but I know that will bring me back for some more.  Head on down to Hartford & find this place...it is worth it!
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,1/19/2012,63,269,1,5,4>Best. Love Bishop's so much. We do our standard grocery shopping there, because we both like that it's plenty of produce and pretty much bare bones on everything else. Not everything is local all the time, but it is great and delicious all the time. Meat selection is a little short, but that suits us fine. What they do have for grocery items tends to be really high quality. My husband likes that they have a solid tea selection, and I love their crazy amounts of chocolate and delicious bakery (am having quite a love affair with pumpkin chocolate chunk muffins). And cheese! Great cheese.Surprisingly, I tend to find that they compare well with Stop and Shop on price, especially with organic and natural stuff.I'm sure their fruit wine disappoints real wine drinkers, but as a grocery store, it's pretty fantastic.And the staff is pretty great as well. It's mostly young kids, and sometimes they're not that knowledgeable, but they are all helpful - finding out an answer when they don't have one.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,1/18/2012,108,203,1,2,2>After an exciting and life-changing few weeks for us, we were happy to kick back and celebrate these changes and our anniversary over a delicious Italian dinner. I've heard so many good things from friends about this place that it seemed like the perfect special occasion restaurant. Reservations are a must! We called the night before to get a reservation and got a high-top in the bar and we were promptly seated there when we arrived. The atmosphere is classy, with black and gold accents, modern music playing on the stereo and not the traditional Italian music as I had expected. Our waitress was friendly, bringing over a basket of warm bread with green olives and a garlic paste--no olive oil as a bread dip in an Italian restaurant was a surpriseFor our appetizer, we had the Pepper Beef Carpaccio served with baby arugula, shaved red onion, lemon, EVO & truffle salt--beautiful, meticulous presentation with an amazingly complex taste--the beef rounds melted in your mouth, accented by the pepper not only on the beef but from the arugula with a salt and lemon kick. In the meantime, the entrees that were brought past our table really revved up our appetite! Tom had the pasta special for the evening--house made pasta with spicy sausage, spinach, chopped fire-roasted tomatoes, in a garlic and evoo sauce--a nice balance all around with a colorful presentation. I had the lasagna bolognese with spinach pasta, classic meat sauce, ricotta cheese & mozzarella--in the traditional Italian way, the portion would have easily fed two people, but I gave it my best effort! Neatly plated and not swimming in sauce, it was a delicate yet filling entree.As we had our yearly wedding cake from J-Cakes in North Branford waiting for us at home, we passed on dessert. Overall, the food was excellent and we felt we made a great choice for such a special evening, with the only negative being that our waitress seemed to have a habit of disappearing and forgetting about us--good thing we enjoy each others company!
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,1/16/2012,397,324,2,12,6>Pho Boston is the place I head to when I want Pho without the hassle of making it myself. The broth is near perfection.Food/Menu:I don't order much besides the Pho. For appetizers I have tried the fried chicken wings, shrimp spring rolls and Vietnamese crepe.Chicken Wings:The fried chicken wings come with the tip on. It's served pretty out of the deep fryer on a sheet of iceberg. Not full of flavor but I believe it's included on the menu for younger children. Whenever we have children with us that is what is ordered for them to nibble on.Spring Rolls:Two rolls overstuffed with iceberg and two shrimps. I never had rice paper that was torn or dried. The iceberg has never arrived brown. The sauce is decent but I've had better.Vietnamese Crepe:We always order shrimp. Portions are huge, it is an entree in portion. They stuff it with ample amounts of filling, enough meats and a decent amount of bean sprouts. The meat filling is not flavorful enough it is rather bland. I think they prepare it bland because they expect many people to down the crepe in the fish sauce based sauce.Its served with refreshing cucumbers on the side.Pho:The Pho is the main reason I go to Pho Boston. I stick to the basic combination # 19 or #17 the Spicy Pho Boston Special.Pho # 19:It's the traditional combo Pho. There is no need to get an extra large because the large is way more than enough for the average adult. Even when you order the extra large it still comes in the same size bowl they simply add a few more strands of noodle.I love the broth. It comes out steamy hot. Not over powered with anise or cinnamon sticks. The broth isn't watered down and it doesn't smell beefy which means they strained the fat out properly.Pho #17:This is a favorite for days when you don't care for the authentic bowl. It's peanut based. On the spicy side but manageable as there is a sweetness to it. Never had a bruised cucumber in my Pho. I love the cucumbers and tomatoes because it helps cool down my mouth.Oh with any of the Pho bowls, if you do not eat onions of scallions make it clear to the staff. I don't eat scallions and always order my Pho without the scallions, it's a hit or miss.Extras:Extra bean sprouts come at a price of $1.50 a plate. They normally bring out one plate for every two people. In my opinion that is simply not enough because I like lots of lime juice and bean sprouts in mine. In the past they have never charged for extra sprouts it seems to be a recent change. Mind you a veggie bag full of sprouts costs about $0.50 and that bagful can make up 7-8 plates.Beverages:They used to serve hot tea on the house but that practice seems to have stopped. If you're in the mood for something sweet the bubble tea is a must try. The bubble tea isn't anything special, the restaurant lefts their kit from the Calif based company and simply prepares it for you. As consumers you can order the same kit and reproduce the exact drink at home. The bubble tea is on the pricy side.Quality for the Price: Best price for great Pho. Take out isn't shabby either. If you're ordering more than two Pho bowls ask for them to be bagged individually or else they will give you one bag of garnishing greens. It's hard to share when you're at work and eating at different times.Atmosphere:People who frequent Pho Boston are not there for the atmosphere. The place did freshen up a little and replaced their tables. Not known for cleanliness. Every table gets a quick swipe before rushing another group over.Often I ask for an extra glass of water so I can clean my chopsticks and spoon as the utensils are often left on the table in a stack. A little dip in a cup of ice water usually satisfies me. I have seen the staff wipe down the each condiment bottle as they are refilling so I'm okay with touching it with my bare hands.Service:Sometimes the staff is friendly other times they can't be bother to even walk you to your table. The last time I was there the staff gestured me to my table with her head/lip movement. But our glasses of tap water did arrive promptly factory style.If you order Pho that comes at lighting speed but if it's anything else besides Pho expect a little waiting but it usually not too long.Once the food arrives don't expect the staff to return. If you want something else either walk to the counter or grab a staff as they are rushing by your table.Parking:There's lots of parking because the restaurant is in the same plaza as a big Asian grocery store. Watch out for the potholes.Recommendation :Best stop for a quick bowl of Pho. Broth is consistently the same day after day.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,1/15/2012,71,294,4,4,3>When my Mexican-food-averse-fiance suggested Agave last weekend, I was psyched. Confused, but psyched. We brought two friends from out of town (well, okay, Springfield) and had a great time. They don't take reservations for small parties (at least not on weekends), but will place your name on the wait list if you call ahead. Naturally, I forgot to call ahead, so we waited 45 minutes or so at the bar, which was totally fine.The margaritas alone are reason enough to make a trip, but add complimentary chips and salsa (the good stuff, not that Chi-Chi's supermarket nonsense), and guacamole made table-side, and it doesn't get a whole lot better. Agave also has an extensive tequila menu, but I wasn't looking to get arrested.I don't know how many lobster enchiladas are consumed in Oaxaca, and my guess is not many, but I'm happy to eat inauthentic Mexican if it's as absurdly good as this was. The only complaint I had about my entree is that the rice was a little dry. I'm not the world's biggest rice fan to begin with, however. The fried ice cream we shared for dessert was so-so, but the Mexican french-pressed coffee was delicious. Service was excellent throughout.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2011,1/14/2012,1455,389,31,19,18>Oriental Cafe:  A 12-step typical experience.Step 1:  Decide what is for dinner.  This, in and of itself, can be a somewhat drawn out process when I am home with my dad.  When he says "what do you want for dinner?" and I do not immediately respond with an option other than something that ends in "ese" - he knows he has the opportunity to casually suggest Oriental Cafe, like he wasn't thinking about it the entire time, perhaps over the course of the entire day.Step 2:  Decision.  Obviously with the number of stars I have given this place, I have no qualms about eating here, other than the absurdity of the frequency of which we do so.  Several times a month we will consume this particular food several evenings in a row.  The decision has been made; we are going.Step 3:  Travel.  6.7 miles.  Really, no big deal.  Sometimes.  My dad immediately throws me his keys, indicating I am to operate his motor vehicle, because for him to drive right now would be something akin to landing a spacecraft on the surface of the moon.  I am okay with this.  I expect this.  I will chauffer for a dinner on the house.Step 4:  Arrival.  Parking - easy as pie.  Oriental cafe is located in a very old plaza, blending in with a bunch of other buildings that seem to never be occupied by more than 2 people at a given time.Step 5:  Walk in.  Greetings!  The owner is pretty much the nicest guy in the world.  I am his buddy.  He calls me his buddy.  I pay no attention to the fact that he calls everyone his buddy - doesn't count.  We are seated immediately.  I let my eyes quickly gaze at the occupants of every table, looking for people I went to to high school with whose names I may or may not have forgotten by now -  in an effort to avoid eye contact until I can check Facebook on my iPhone to rule out the many incorrect names that may be going through my head.  [Oh yes, this has happened before.  And we sat at the table directly across from them.  Awesome.]Step 6:  Drinks.  Nothing too crazy here - glass of wine, maybe a coke, maybe a bud light.  Depends on the mood.  Step 7:  Directly after step 6, we order.  Prepare yourself for efficiency here.  No lingering waitstaff, no wondering where the food is, where the check is, if you will ever be taken care of.  If your waiter/waitress isn't at your table, they are near the sushi bar, waiting for you to take a sip of you water so they can put more in, or for you to even look like you are half ready order - then they will be back at your table.  For us, this never takes a long time, since we rarely deviate from the usual order.Side:  Food Discussion.  Lots of good choices here, depending on what you want that night - highlights and recommendations include:- Sushi Time:  Never had a bad roll - rice is always fresh & warm.  Rainbow Roll & Yellowtail sashimi are the favorites.- Chicken Lo Mein - best I've ever had.- Combination Platters: Anything with mixed vegetables - chicken, shrimp, and beef are all excellent.- Egg / Spring Rolls - Dip, crunch, yum.- Wonton Soup - an absolute must.  Great for when you are sick - get a large no matter what, it reheats well.- Steamed Chicken w/Mixed Vegetables - find this under the "weight watchers" section.  This is what I get most often - don't judge me.  It comes delicious with the sauce on the side.  I don't like a lot so its perfect, I can put on as much or as little as I like.  The sauce always comes hot so it coats evenly and without significant effort.Step 8:  Get food.  Commence fooding.  Be aware: the same waitstaff that poured your water every time you took a sip will be on their toes to clear your plates as efficiently as possible, perhaps even as you are taking your last bite. Step 9:  Get bill.  It will be inexpensive.  Consume fortune cookies (I saw a review that indicated they did not have any - this is no longer the case, if it ever was) and the pineapple chunks attached to toothpicks.Step 10:  Bring leftovers home.  Drive home.  Sleep well.Step 11:  Make every attempt to avoid going here again the next night despite how good it was the previous night.Step 12:  Ignore step 11.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2012,1/13/2012,40,227,6,7,5>**One-Sentence Summary**All the next day I couldn't wait to go home and eat the leftovers...**Food**Apparently lunch is basically supposed to be the buffet, but they were fine with making us whatever we wanted anyway.  I had the Chicken Madras, which was delicious.  They asked how much heat I wanted, and delivered that amount very nicely.  Oh, and The Garlic Naan was great, and is definitely recommended.  *Nom nom naan* **Drinks**Didn't partake in the bar for lunch, but they do have a full bar if you're looking for a little relaxation :)  **Insider Info (stolen from website - I should have checked before going!)**If you join the "Lunch Club" you get your 6th lunch buffet FREE. The buffet items supposedly change daily. Disclaimer - their website seems fairly outdated - so maybe those tips aren't accurate.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2011,1/12/2012,19,163,2,3,3>Was recommended this place and approached it thinking it was a burger bar but found much, much more.  Started with a long gaze at the chalkboard of microbrews and was allowed a few samples before deciding which flavor would enhance my drive home the most.  Shared several appetizers and entrees - the fried chickpeas and curry BBQ chicken wings were paramount!  Bloody mary tasted great but was smaller than I'd expected to receive.  It's for the best that Mikro is a bit of a trek for me, otherwise they'd have a smiling Se7en gluttony victim sitting at the bar.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,1/11/2012,43,20,,2,2>This Yelper is now a father, so doesn't go out to eat as much as he used to.  But good take out places are now worth their weight in gold to me.  And Iguanas Ranas has become our standby.We mostly get the tacos and the burritos here.  Chorizo burrito is my regular order.  But all are fantastic.  The tacos are simple and so tasty.  The burritos are massive and full of great stuff.  Very flavorful and satisfying.  Good sauces.  They make their own tortilla chips which are delicious and the guac is pretty good too.If you don't have an eight-month-old in tow and decide to visit, the place is pretty small and can get crowded at busy times.  They are moving soon!  Down the street to where Nikitas used to be.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/10/2012,111,23,,2,2>I have been to Cavos twice now and both times have left extremely impressed by the quality and variety of menu offerings and the courteous and attentive staff. During my first visit I ordered the Cold Pikilia Platter, which came with some of the best pita I've ever  had. The platter was a nice sampling of four cold dips and the portions were very generous. I was even given extra pita to bring home with my leftovers, and veggies to dip, free of charge. My second trip I asked if I could sub in any different appetizers this time into my own Pikilia Platter, and the staff was so accommodating! They let me sub in all veggies instead of pita and I got to try more delicious appetizer items (beans and stuffed grape leaves instead of the feta and potato dips). All the food I've had, including what I've sampled from my friends' meals (the gyro was GREAT), is just as expected. The waitress that we had both times was so nice and tolerant of any special requests. The owner even came around and thanked us. The prices are reasonable and there is really something for everyone here, even those hesitant to try Greek food (for example, pizza, grinders, and calzones are offered). However I'd definitely recommend going for a Greek dish as I'm sure that's the specialty. Cavos is a diamond in the rough and I can't wait to go back! They have a 4 courses for $25 deal on some weeknights that sounds amazing!
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,1/9/2012,9,27,,3,2>Another favorite that I can walk to from home!  The food, atmosphere, and service here are excellent.  The owners are wonderful.  Bill is always walking around talking to and checking in with the patrons - making us feel welcome.  I love that it's in an old house - the tavern downstairs is my favorite.  It can be loud like other people have mentioned, but that's why I love it.  In my opinion, the upstairs can be too quiet so I think if the bar area is too loud for your taste, upstairs will be perfect for you.  The food is always delicious and changes seasonally.  (I've had many different things on the menu, but my favorite salad is the spinach salad.  The sea bass is my favorite fish on the menu although the scallops are always delicious too.)  The wine is so good.  I have yet to attend one of their wine dinners, but they sound awesome so it's on my list of things to do in 2011.  They have other great events as well like on St Patty's day. We walked down, and they had music, drinks, corned beef specials, etc. out on the patio and in the tavern.  So much fun!I have my birthday dinner here every year, and it's always the best!
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,1/8/2012,80,717,,4,5>Absolutely sensational.CT Beverage Mart in Newington is also an excellent choice for Hartford-Area liquor, but these guys have them beat in every category. Sure, the store isn't quite as big from a square footage standpoint, but the selection is undoubtedly even better than that of CT Bev. They have 4000+ wines, an exclusive fine wine room, what must be a thousand different beers, and a solid liquor department.Personally, I think the beer selection stands out above all. I don't think I've ever seen an establishment with more choices. Strange beers from strange places you've never heard of. I wanna try 'em all!To top it all off, the prices are awesome. Certain wines and beers are a full dollar a bottle cheaper than competitors; a big difference in a highly-regulated industry like liquor sales.If you're in Manchester, it's a MUST visit.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,1/7/2012,58,26,,4,1>We wound up at Cora Cora in a search for something different & somewhat off the beaten path, and it certainly delivered!For our appetizer, we ordered the Cora Mixed Grill which included anticuhos (beef heart), rachi (marinated grilled beef tripe), and chicken gizzards.  All of it was delicous.  The waitress was very friendly and more than happy to explain what was what, and talked to us a bit about the foods we were eating and how they prepare them.  She was very proud of the food, which says a lot about a place, in my opinion.My boyfriend got the Shrimp Ceviche, and it was absolutely delicious!  So light and refreshing...and amazingly cheap.  I got the Tacutacu Saltado, which was delicious.  I can't remember exactly what it was--some kind of beef, plantains, and beans & rice.  The beans & rice were hearty and flavorful and the beef was delicious, but I wasn't a huge fan of the plantains, as they tasted really bland.We finished with the Crema Voletada (Peruvian flan), which was a great dessert!  Very tasty.In terms of overall feel and decor, I loved that it was simultaneously "homey" and also a little elegant.  The curtains were beautiful, and the water is served in unique bottles that certainly look nicer than your standard pitcher.  The waitress replaced the silverware after each course, and the unique plates give you the sense that you are eating elegant food even if it's more like Peruvian home cooking.  The attention to detail was not overlooked.  It might to be for everyone, but I liked that balance of home & elegance!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,1/6/2012,83,194,1,2,2>I have no idea how it could have taken me so long to review Anthony Jacks! I love this place!!! They really have some of the best turkey and sausage gumbo I have ever had.  It really is the perfect blend of spices and giant chunks of sausage.  I have had so many things on the menu but some of my favorites are the cranberry chicken, three meat meatloaf and the pecan crusted tilapia. The cranberry chicken is amazingly moist and encapsulated perfectly in a mildly sweet and very savory coating.  It really is probably the best chicken dish you will ever try. The three meat meatloaf is a massive portion of the most amazing combo of meats.  It always comes out perfectly moist, and seasoned to perfection.  Even the lunch portion is very generous. And the tilapia is also just as amazing. It always comes perfectly cooked, and the fresh green beans that  come with it are never soggy.They have awesome lunch specials that are always worth trying, and will never disappoint.  We will for sure keep visiting Anthony Jacks and their sister restaurant Bonterra, which is literally a 2 min walk down the green.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,1/5/2012,43,76,2,2,3>When I first started coming to this theater I was amazed that alcohol was served and I was anxious for the day that I would be able to watch a chick flick with a glass of wine in hand in a dark theater. When that day finally did come, I did just that. Now you aren't allowed to actually bring the alcohol into the theater so I'm glad I got to experience that for awhile. But enough about the booze.I recently signed up to be a member and this comes with the wonderful perk of getting $6 admission on Tuesdays as well as a $5 large tub of popcorn, which is usually $6.50. It's a good thing that this deal is only offered on Tuesdays because I would be here every day if I could. I love that they show the larger films as well as smaller, independent films and documentaries. I love the decor too. It focuses on the old. Old Hollywood and old design. There are artifacts from the old theater dispersed throughout the hallways and even in the women's bathroom. It's a great place to catch a film on balmy summer night, but even better when you're a member. See you there next week!
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,1/4/2012,175,385,,3,3>This has been my choice for Vietnamese food since I was a kid, maybe 15 years ago.  OK... truthfully, I didn't have a choice in coming when I was a kid, but now I do and I always pick Vietnam Restaurant.  It doesn't have the most menu choices, the decor is really outdated, and the restaurant is a bit dirty (if it were clean I might have some concerns about its authenticity)... but the food shines, and that's all that matters to me.  The broth for the pho is spot on (not necessarily always the case down the street), and the grilled pork chop portions are significant.  It's a nice, homey place with extreme consistency.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2011,1/3/2012,70,177,,2,2>I love this place! My new favorite local sushi spot.I tried it for the first time a few months ago and have been back multiple times. Rundown of what I've tried - salad with ginger dressing - the dressing is delicious, kind of peanutty,miso soup - love itcrab rangoon - so good, not greasy at all. They come with a red sauce that works well with the rangoons.Chicken, Shrimp, Beef with spicy garlic sauce - very tasty, not a huge portion, spicy!Fuji Yo-Mama roll - can't remember what's in it, but amazing, definitely a favoriteTriple Roll (I think) - 3 types of fish, very good, another favoriteRed Hot Dragon Roll - shrimp tempura inside, spicy tuna on top, consistently good.They serve Chinese, Japanese, and Thai food, so a wide selection to choose from. It seems like there is one waiter everytime we go and he is definitely a hustler - I've always had good service with him. Also love the old man in front when you walk in - he is too cute!
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2011,1/2/2012,132,600,,1,1>We went here for a special anniversary and it was excellent.  I'd give it 4 1/2 stars. Just short of perfection.  First the minor quibbles: Main course advertised as rabbit with spinach had about 2 bites of spinach on it. If a dish needs a side dish, the waiter ought to recommend them. And the tables were packed in and it was quite loud when we arrived. Service was also a bit slow to start.Nevertheless, it was probably the best French meal I've had in a while and one of the best in CT for sure. Mussels were all organized by standing them up in a dish. A unique presentation. The foie gras of duck was outstanding as was the squash blossoms in tempura.  Nice seasonal dish.The veal was very good, but the rabbit was outstanding. Terrific flavor. Desserts had a number of standouts as well and the french press coffee, even for decaf, was a nice touch.  And yay, water glasses filled promptly.This is a great place on the green and great for a special occasion. And the place was PACKED on a Saturday night. With so many other great choices in town, this one still stands the test of time well.
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,1/1/2012,79,190,7,4,3>I am seeing a regrettably small number of other reviewers comment on the breakfast here at East-West - so let me say: IT IS FANTASTIC, FANTASTIC FANTASTIC (yeah totally worth those 3 fantastics...fo real).I went there this morning and decided on the west coast benedict and a side of lao-style sausage. The coffee kinda sucks but whatever...the eggs were poached perfectly, the hollandaise was good, and they did NOT skimp on the avocado, which was green and at perfect ripeness. The sausage was also teh bomb - not joking, I don't know how to describe it but it is homemade, and they slice it in half lengthwise and grill it a little - so amazing. The herbs in it are crazy good.The best part of the whole platter was the little side salad of magic - it was a few grapes, a cherry tomato, a slice of watermelon, some baby spinach and frisee, some sliced yellow (heirloom?) tomatoes, and some extra avocado - plus their homefries included sweet potato, purple potato?, and reg potato and were small and grilled nicely. Also, every one of these fruits and veggies were fresh and spotlessly ripe.I used to come here as a kid - can't remember the name of the old diner that was in its place, but I boycotted EWG for a while because they had taken over and I, being a crotchety old man, vowed never to frequent the new digs. But I had made a huge mistake.I have also been here for dinner and like... hold up KING & I THAI ima let you finish but i just wanna say...East West Grille has way better duck than you. Seriously, get the duck here, it is le bomb.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,12/31/2011,44,145,1,5,2>I had always wanted to try Trumbull Kitchen and last Taste of Hartford I got my chance. I'm more of a...wear my yoga pants to Chipotle kind of girl, so it was fun to make a reservation, dress up, and have a martini. I highly recommend using the Open Table reservation system--I was at the hostess table with another older couple--they came in after us-yet the hostess asked them first (gah, ageism plagues me again) but they didn't have a reservation so we were sat first, that felt pretty good. We had the angus and scallops st. jauques and it was FABULOUS.  The manager on duty came around and I told him--dude you gotta get this on the regular menu.  I understand it can't always be $23 but still--get it on there for however much it really costs.  It had everything I wanted--beef, scallops, mashed potatoes and green beans. Love it. Also enjoyed watching the Red Sox game on the big screens.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2011,12/30/2011,19,31,3,5,4>It's been almost 3 days since I first stopped in and frankly, I'm still raving about it to anyone who'll listen.  We got there on a Friday night, no reservations, at about 9:30 and were told it was 45 minutes for 3 people.  I noticed quite quickly that the space was small and that there wasn't any real separation of the bar and the dining areas but there was enough space for myself and my friends to stand near the bar and start with a beer so that's what we did.the place is infamous for their bourbon selection and since I'm a very big fan of bourbon i opened their menu expecting to be slightly disappointed.  I was anything but.  Not only do they list it by style, they also list it, as far as I'm concerned, properly by offering the customer a 'nip' or '3 fingers' (this is how i generally order any scotch/bourbon/whiskey) and I was a happy camper for this.  their beer selection - both tap and bottle - was highly commendable as well.  i happened upon Sierra Nevada 'Raiders of the last hops' and WOW. After that I had an Oatmeal Stout that was quite good as well.So at about 10:05 pm our table was ready and we were seated in a booth/table which worked great for my friends and I.  Our server Kris was awesome from the start.  She had a great personality and made the evening fun.We ordered the Jalapeno poppers.  All i can say is, I've lived in Texas and California and they were, by far, the BEST poppers I've ever had.  What really sold me on them was the lime cilantro sauce that is drizzled on the top that compliments the whole plate.  My friends ordered a Squealer with a side of tots and a Pretzel burger with a side of truffle fries.  i decided to get the pretzel burger because of the stone ground mustard but I got it veggie burger style and i got the truffle fries as well.  To go with my meal i got  Shipyard Blue Fin stout which was beyond tasty and complimented the poppers and veggie burger quite well.  And by the way, the Veggie burger was the greatest veggie burger I think I've ever had anywhere.The atmosphere, for a Friday night, was jumping.  The noise level was comparable to any bar you'd go to on a Friday night only the benefit here was that i got amazing food with it. From start to finish I was nothing short of impressed and I've already recruited friends of mine from Long Island and Stamford to take a trek with me.  I highly suggest reservations in the evening and plan about 2 hours to fully enjoy the menu, booze and food wise.they have 2 other locations in Connecticut  but I highly suggest this one as it is the original spot.  the parking lot is small but there is (free) street parking available.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,12/29/2011,165,544,,3,2>A true gem. First went here for breakfast because it is literally right down the street from me. I thought it was a cute place and decided to go back for dinner - WOW. First of all, the owners and the staff are incredibly friendly and make you feel very welcomed. The food really shocked me - it was so delicious. After such a pleasant experience, I decided to take a group of 8 here for my father's 60th birthday. I couldn't have chosen a more perfect place. All 8 of us were extremely impressed with both the food and the service. We all ordered something different, and there wasn't a single thing any of us could complain about. They seriously made every dish to perfection. We also had a very good waitress. Most impressive - the chef came over to us during dinner to check on us (as he had the previous time I dined there, proving to me that this is a regular thing.) That kind of thing goes a long way. Like everyone else there, he was very friendly, welcoming, and had a great sense of humor, too. We had a wonderful evening and we can't wait to go back.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,12/28/2011,103,163,3,5,2>Brazil Grill is definitely a diamond in the rough. When you visit, you really have to look for it. It's best described as a hole in the wall: it's small and a little run down, but don't be fooled... the food is absolutely excellent!The diced vegetable medley they have on the buffet must be seasoned with the spices of heaven -- it is SO freakin' good. And don't even get me started on the meats fresh from the rotisserie... or, do! Gotta say, the chicken hearts are my favorite. They are consistently cooked well, while some of the other meats can be hit or miss (the pork tenderloin has been dry a few of the times I've gone). They also offer a wide variety of beverages including some imported juices. Try the fresh cashew nectar if you're feeling like a hummingbird. Yum yum!A few miscellaneous notes: You pay per pound and the prices are very fair. The seating area is smallish and there are lots of TVs broadcasting in Portuguese, so you can get your daily dose of culture. In my opinion, Brazil Grill is a must visit if you're into that sort of thing.P.S. Their slogan is "Brazil Grill: Closer than Brazil." Am I the only one who finds that delightfully hilarious?
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2010,12/27/2011,63,166,,2,1>As a vegan who lives in Connecticut, I know how hard it is to find a good restaurant to eat at with many options. China Pan delivers and caters an awesome menu to vegans!I do recommend that if you're going here to eat something from the long, four page vegetarian (almost entirely vegan) menu, choose one of their mock meat/seafood dishes. I've had some of their tofu dishes and although they were good, they were nothing amazing.Possibly the best choice on the entire menu would be the Vegan Boneless BBQ Ribs. They are a MUST every time i go there and I've shared with at least 15 others friends and not one person has been disappointed with them yet.There was a fluke incident in which there was something "bad" in the sesame seeds (long story, they didn't cook the Sesame Vegan Beef with sesame, came out with extra sesame to add), but they quickly fixed it and were very apologetic.The drinks are good and they have been known to be generous on the alcohol and they don't always card...All in all, a great place for vegans and still a great place for anyone who wants some solid Asian food...it may not be the best in the world, but it's definitely one of the best in Connecticut.Service is usually good, but sometimes they are randomly slow and non-attentive, even when it's not busy, but they're usually great with service.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,12/26/2011,102,255,3,2,3>This is one of those tiny little gems that you almost don't want to review because if enough people like it, it will get crowded and then it won't be as enjoyable and the quality might suffer.  However, I'm going to do it anyway- if you haven't been, you really should give it a try.This is the site of the "old Elm diner".  I say it like that because I've been told that the "old elm diner" sucks and there is a "new Elm Diner" in a new location.  The point of that was so that you do not confuse this place with the sucky diner that used to be here.  This place is fantastic!  Tiny little diner, with an outdoor seating area, super clean and an impressive menu, what more could you ask for?  Well, mimosa's and hibiscus drinks to start, and then throw in lobster eggs benedict, crab cakes benedict and meat for the burgers straight from Peter Luger's in Brooklyn and we've got a winner!  The food is consistently awesome.  From their over the top breakfast selections to the creative wraps and dinner specials, this place has it all.  It's probably worth cameo on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives but Guy Fieri annoys me.  If you've never been and you're in the area or craving a great diner meal, this is definitely the place to go.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2011,12/25/2011,28,173,1,3,2>Great selection of fruits and vegetables, but the coolest thing is the Turkish ethnic food!  I had to seriously hold myself back from buying every tempting sweet they had available (and they had a lot) like turkish delight and these awesome raspberry tartlet that I did end up getting.  They also had a large selection of fruit nectars (think thick juice with added sugar).  I also tried turkish cheese that I liked a lot.They also have this cream-cheesy spread that is similar to Requejao if you're familiar with that (it's common in Brazil).The people that work there are really nice as well.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,12/24/2011,10,79,,2,1>If you are a grilled calamari junkie, as I am, Pita is your new place to get your fix. After experiencing the grilled calamari at Pita, you will never want to go back to the old breaded and fried recipe that so many lesser places specialize in. If you are a chicken afficianado, as I also am, then you will have to try the LA LA chicken. The full bird costs $20.00 and half of the bird is a mere $10.00. The chicken comes moist, not the dry rubbery chicken you get at chains. The shwarma cooked with lamb is not what a cardiologist would tell you to order, but the heck with him anyway. It is delicious. I coated the lamb shwarma with a boatload of humus, added olives and lots of oil and had a meal that would tick off every cardiologist at Yale New Haven Hospital. A nice feature of Pita is that it is quiet. You can actually have a conversation and hear yourself talk. As Rachel Ray likes to say: "Yummo".
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,12/23/2011,151,213,,1,1>First snow fall of the year and we rushed into Treva to escape the unholy weather.  We started with bruschetta topped with ricotta and mushrooms while we looked over the menu on the iPad. It was amazing and comes with a side salad.  iPad was nice but uneasy - we were trying not to get our greasy fingers or accidentally get our water on it.Afraid my immune system needed a boost that night, I ordered the vitamin C infused butternut squash, mushroom, asparagus with delicate sheets of homemade pasta.  It was delicious! My dining partner had the gnocchi and they were cooked perfectly with a nice light tomato sauce.  Great place to fill our stomachs and warm our noses!
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2011,12/22/2011,1,200,,3,3>I went here with my girlfriend last night (10/13/11). Previous reviews are spot on - regarding the look of the place. Going by the outside, you would NEVER think this was a restaurant. There's no name on the building and no sign - so just go by the address.When we first walked in, I wasn't too impressed with the friendliness of the staff - the bartender was a little short, and we stood there for a while before anyone helped us. But as the night went on, the staff became a little more attentive. Maybe we were there too early.As for the food, OMG!! It was SSSOOO good. I ordered the tortellini soup for an appetizer. I was NOT disappointed. It was really good. And I can't even tell you how good the vinaigrette on the salad dressing is. We had to order 2 baskets of bread to sop up all the goodness. Then for my entree! I ordered the tuta mare (sp?) for my meal. At first, I was like "wow, $32 for pasta and seafood" - but then they set it down in front of me. The bowl could have fed a small vietnamese family - it was HUGE!!! Needless to say I had enough to take home for several more meals. And then we finished off the night with limoncello sorbet.  WHAT A MEAL!!Oh, and the decor of the place is very warm and inviting.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2011,12/21/2011,12,139,1,5,6>I work at the Y across the street and probably eat here 1x each week. Sometimes more! Their pizzas are awesome, with high quality toppings and huge slices. I have probably gotten their chicken panini over ten times in the past 6 months and have loved it almost every time. (You have to ask them to cut the chicken up small, otherwise it falls out and is too big to chew.) Staff is always awesome. Once, their computer froze and instead of making me wait, the owner just told me to enjoy my slices and didn't charge me. I was so impressed that I actually went back the next day and paid for them anyway...On top of it all, these guys are pretty good dodgeball players and donated to our Strong Kids campaign.Definitely my kind of joint!
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2011,12/20/2011,34,109,3,2,2>This place is incredible.  Within minutes, I had an armful of books.  (They're all either $1 each for $4 each.)   There are cats everywhere.  Goats.  Books.  I was pretty overwhelmed, honestly, on my first trip.  There was so much to see, so many titles I was searching my brain trying to remember, so many kitties to pet...and to top it all off, it was boiling hot and I was feeling a little sick.  (And they ONLY have portapotties, so I was a little worried I might have to make a dash for one...)But seriously.  I am already dying to go back, next time with my camera.As a kid/teenager, I was a BIG reader, but as I've gotten older other things have gotten in the way.  (Namely, work, school, boys...)  This place has the ability to reawaken the reading bug that has long been on vacation.I bought a Kindle a few years ago in hopes of "minimizing".  But thanks to Book Barn, that's all gone out the window...my shelves are filling up!
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,12/19/2011,13,36,1,3,2>You can stop reading and just go after the following words:DUCK FAT FRITES WITH GARLIC AIOLIStill reading? Okay well Pip's is a little hidden gem if you're willing to take the drive out to Ivoryton. I heard about this place from NPR (I know, the food schmooze is so persuasive). This place has regular steak and seafood for the traditional whitebread Connecticut crowd but it also has great innovative dishes like a reinterpreted "fried chicken" and pates that will wow for the more adventurous eaters.They need to up their game on desserts, and stop serving their tea/coffee in glass cups (looks pretty, too hot, gimme ceramic!) but if they change that, they're golden.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2011,12/18/2011,62,192,,3,3>Great find. Thanks Yelp! Buried between laundromat and convenience store, this place is awesome AND cheap. Tacos were amazingly fresh tasting, with cilantro and lime. Soft shells. Barbacoa, carne asada, pollo and lengua. All were delicious. I'm not sure if it's a "salsa verde," but the green sauce was amazing. We had to get more of that. I didn't get the two-shell taco business, but someone explained to me that the second shell is to be used as one would use the bread as a scarpetta for Italian food -- to mop up the sauce and the extras. Lady friend had the horchata, which supposedly is hard to find around here. I had a ginger ale (party, party, party).  Bill was under $20 including tip and a piece of flan. PS: Anyone who calls this area shady needs to try being around a real city once in a while.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2011,12/17/2011,88,512,,2,3>Now that I've been to Sushi House a bunch of times, it's time to update my review - which in general is unchanged. This place ROCKS.You can't go wrong with the Bento Box or Sushi Lunch specials for $9-10. My favorite bento box is the salmon teriyaki. I still haven't eaten my way entirely through the sushi roll choices for the lunch specials, but that's because I can never get past the Philly roll or the Mexico roll, which are my favorites from here. I haven't gotten a bad roll yet here, so pick something that appeals to you and go with it.I haven't eaten in here - I work about 5 minutes away and come pick my food up at lunch. It's always ready and waiting for me when I show up, and the timeframe given is never longer than $15-20 minutes. The woman who's there during lunch is always a peach too.One night I'm going to have to drag my boyfriend down here (We live 35 minutes away) so we can actually sit down and eat as last time I was here I saw a sign for all you can eat sushi for $20 (I think it was $18 or $19, but I'm calling it $20 to be on the safe side.)As far as I know, they still don't serve liquor here, but they are BYOB and there's a package store right next door for your mealtime booze needs.I think they might even have delivery now with a minimum - but don't quote me on that. Nobody I work with likes Sushi, so it's not like I can rope enough people in to make the minimum (whatever it is) anyway.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,12/16/2011,125,121,1,2,2>Any place with the word "fromagerie" in its name has my vote! My boyfriend and I are cheese and pâté fanatics, so naturally we were thrilled to make the 45-minute trek to Caseus. We went for lunch and the place was PACKED, so we were seated downstairs near a giant cheese fridge. Love the ambiance here...reminds me of a quaint European tavern or pub. There's just something really comforting about it. As soon as we sat down and realized there was a giant jar of petits cornichons (tiny crisp, tart gherkins) at our table, we knew we were in heaven.I ordered the raclette, my boyfriend had the corn chowder special, and we shared cheese and charcuterie boards. I may have also had the french onion soup, but I can't remember (I order french onion soup at every chance I get, so I imagine I must have had it at Caseus, too). The only complaint I have is that the potatoes in my raclette lacked flavor and I felt like I had to add a ton of salt. But I grew up on raclette, so I imagine I'm setting the bar a little high! Otherwise, everything was fantastic.I'd like to go back for the moules frites! I'm also hankering for some poutine, but after reading a few other reviews, it sounds like it might not live up to the delicious poutine in Montréal? We shall see...I will be back for sure!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,12/15/2011,31,113,,1,1>The dining room is quite nice, white tablecloth and worked by plenty of very friendly staff. The menu has a lot of the standard Indian fare, but the goat curry immediately caught my eye. I've only had it a few places before and I loved it, and this time was no exception. The spice level on the food was a little low, but the flavor was very good. Pakoras were excellent as well as the samosas, although the latter was a little over-large (lot of potato stuffing). They also have an option for a complete dinner, including appetizers and several of the more popular main dishes, which I will order next time. Very much recommended.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2011,12/14/2011,12,41,1,5,4>I've had many a bagel in my 27 years, and up until this morning, thought I had all there was a bagel had to offer.Boy was I wrong. This little mom-and-pop place on Route 10 in Cheshire should not be overlooked. Their bagels, which come in an assortment of flavors ranging anything from cinnamon raisin to french toast, are huge!Not only is this the biggest bagel you'll ever have, but it's also the tastiest. They're so moist on the inside, and chewy enough where you won't crack a tooth while digging in for the first bite.They're also relatively cheap, about $8 for a bakers dozen (13). I love discovering little places like this. Be sure to check this place out.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2011,12/13/2011,49,66,3,4,2>Catsup & Mustard is one of Corey's three restaurants here in Manchester.  I'd have to guess it's his "flagship" business as it seems to be the best known.I've been here a couple times and have not been disappointed.  My last visit found me and the lady friend hungry for something big and greasy [insert dirty joke here] after an afternoon of car shopping [you kiss your mother with that mouth, sicko!?].I don't recall what the lady ordered but I do remember my meal as I made our waitress pick it for me... I know, I'm a pain.  I had the "P.S. I Love Pastrami", a burger topped with, you guessed it, pastrami.  We split an order of sweet potato fries with maple mayo.When my burger, ordered medium-rare, came out I was asked if it was too well done for my tastes before I'd even looked at it.  I like a proactive waitress... especially one who will endure the annoyance of having to pick a meal for me.  It was a bit past medium-rare but not so much so that it would impact my ability to enjoy it.The burger was juicy and delicious.  The fries... oh, the fries.  I don't know where the idea of mixing mayo with maple syrup came from, but well done!  A perfect accompaniment to the starchy sweetness of sweet potato fries!Dessert?  Nope.  Stuffed... and without breaking the bank.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2011,12/12/2011,66,149,2,7,2>If you are going too fast, you might just miss this cozy hometown tavern. Even though its small, this place is bursting with personality. There is live music here on a regular basis, with awesome local bands. The space is tight, but you can dance and groove and still have a great time. The local crowd is welcoming and fun, and they will make you feel right at home. Although there is only beer and wine, the staff keeps the drinks flowing. The best part of this place was when a late night hunger struck, and the bartender handed me a menu at 1:45 in the morning and said, "order whatever you like" with a big smile. Any bar that encourages my cheese-fries craving is a big thumbs up for me!!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,12/11/2011,8,35,,2,1>We visited on20 for the eight course dinner tasting menu, with wine pairings.  It was absolutely amazing.  Beautiful and thoughtfully prepared, the delicious and adventurous courses were served with the perfect pairings.  The chef, Noel Jones, came out to introduce himself after we had finished and I truthfully told him that this was one of the best meals I've had.On20's outstanding cuisine is matched by its atmosphere.  The dining room is spacious and nicely furnished, but the view is what is really spectacular-- the windows stretch around the 20th floor of the State Street building and offer panoramic views of the river and greater Hartford area.  We sat at a window table and the setting was perfect.  The service was commendable-- the three hour plus dinner was expertly timed and went off without a hitch.  The waitstaff were attentive, but did not hover.  On20 is located at the Polytechnic Club; you'll need to check the evenings that they accept reservations from the public.  With respect to the individual tasting menus, the chef only accepts reservations for two tables per evening.  The individual attention and care taken in preparation is evident, and the courses are personalized to suit your tastes.  There was a six week wait for our reservation, but it was so worth it.  We will be back.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,12/10/2011,53,114,2,2,2>We ordered takeout for 9 of us today. The service was amazing. There was not one problem and the girl taking the order and checking us out was terrific. So - 5 stars for the service!  A BIG five stars. The food was also very good. All of us were very happy with the orders. I love macaroni and cheese and this place delivered on that!  I love collard greens - not my favorite here. But I applaud them for having them as a choice. The brisket was great!  Very nicely cooked. I will order the hot BBQ sauce next time. And... There will be a next time!  Very good place right here in Windsor!!!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,12/9/2011,1182,148,,4,4>Why is the first time I'm coming to this place and having awesome Mac & cheese, some of the best cooked chicken (and semolina dumplings & pan gravy) and 72 hour short rib of beef (with a Cabernet wine sause) and side of loaded mashed potatos. For all of the comforts food we ordered there was still many options to try. Haven't been to too many places where I wanted to try so much, and on top of that there is a special dinner for everyday of the week. And the bonus is they carry Smithwicks beer. This is definitely a repeat place!  The food is great and the decor is upscale without making you feel too out if place if you're not dressed up. This place has mass appeal and a bar if you just want to drink your after work hours away. Go here, or I'll personally be mad at you.
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,12/8/2011,6,17,1,12,6>My review for Abyssinian is long overdue! Which is shameful on my part as I sit here wishing I had some delicious Ethiopian food. Abyssinian (located on Farmington Avenue between a pizza shop and equally as awesome Mexican restaurant) is a great and highly underrated gem in Hartford. The only Ethiopian restaurant in Hartford that *I'm* aware of, each time I go I'm never disappointed with my dining experience which is why I'm always flummoxed that it's never been near packed, whenever I've gone (Perhaps they get more traffic during the lunch-hour rush or later during the evening?).The staff is very friendly and helpful to anyone experiencing that sort of food for the first time, which is usually served with a spongy, crepe-like flat bread that patrons are supposed to break off with their hands to scoop up, and gradually finish their meal with... which is indeed the *fun* (if a little messy) part! The food is spicy and flavorful with noticeable hints of cumin, garlic, turmeric and spices of the like used on meals made with poultry, vegetables, and red meats.  Abyssinian's menu offers a delicious variety of entrees made with chicken (the Doro Wot is my fave), fish (Try the Yassa Tibs!), beef, and lamb and they do cater to vegetarians. I also love the Sambusa, which is a triangular pastry filled with lentils (or beef), green peppers and spices. There is also a vegetarian version filled with potatoes, cabbage, green beans, and spices... And it was delicious!Definitely give this little spot a try if you're in Hartford or happen to be traipsing around on the west end.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,12/7/2011,39,148,,1,1>Even though this is called a cafe, I come for the food and not the drinks. I don't drink coffee (except when I have a few sips of my huband's mocha or other flavored coffee drink) and I'm not a big alcohol drinker- I like mixed drinks, but no beer or wine.Everything I've had from the menu was excellent. My favorite item on the menu is the Buffalo Chicken sandwich. The chicken is buttermilk buffalo with blue cheese aioli, shredded lettuce, and tomato. I have mine with no tomato. If you like avocado at all, then add the avocado! The creamy avocado is an amazing compliment to the buffalo sauce and blue cheese. It also comes with blue cheese fries. The buffalo isn't too spicy for those of you that might be worried about spice level. I don't have a high tolerance for spice and I've never had a problem with it being too spicy!
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2011,12/6/2011,58,234,1,2,2>This place has been one of my favorite "regular" spots all my years at UConn.  The other spot being the Bidwell Tavern for wings and beers.  Anyway...their food is great.  They have standard pub fare, but they also have great dinners.  On Fridays they have prime rib, which is fabulous.  If you get in early enough to get some of their specials (they do go fast) they are usually pretty good.The beer selection is fabulous.  They brew their own, and usually have 5 or 6 of them on tap.  Their stouts are good.  If they don't have a dark beer (they usually do) I'll opt for one of their IPAs which is almost always a safe bet.  I also love to have whatever cask aged stuff they have.  Sometimes it's a stout that's been sitting in there, sometimes it's a barleywine.  It's always good though.  They also have tons of guest beers on tap. They even have mead on tap!!  Who does that?!  I'm not a mead drinker, but I think it's cool.  They also have a great martini and coffee drink list.  They'll have something for everyone to drink.The place is an old post office.  It's really big and pretty cool inside.  Despite being large though Friday and Saturday night for dinner...very hard to get a table anywhere (restaurant side or bar side) between 6-9.  They do have a patio outside too for nice nights.  They also have events too.  I haven't been to any, but they always sound like fun.  For example, they'll have dinner and beer pairings - a five course meal with beers for each course, lobster bakes, steamers and suds night, etc.  Definitely the best place in the area.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,12/5/2011,92,73,,2,>Eclectic. Cultured. Welcoming. A more modern alternative to the Wadsworth for younger, more contemporary tastes. RAW offers a dizzying degree of different programs, events, and exhibits. The modern theater offers some the best independent films this side of NYC, many featuring post-film conversations or chats with filmmakers. Geek out and come by 1st Tuesdays for their monthly board game night. Or hipster up, and swing by 3rd Thursdays for their Creative Cocktail Hours, Hartford's finest electic drink/dance/art/music night. Best part, all of the RAW staff are super friendly, overly-accommodating, and truly passionate about art, culture, and conversation. $5 movies with RAW membership and you actually get wine and REAL popcorn. Amazing! Contemporary art fan or not, you are missing out if you do not take advantage of all the great programming and events happening here.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2011,12/4/2011,12,16,3,6,2>This is a pretty peaceful little stop along Park Rd.  I had lunch there with family and it was well visited by other patrons at noon on a Tuesday.The service was not quick but it wasn't overly delayed.  One waiter had responsibility over the entire room, but he managed.  It always creeps me out when food is ready too conveniently quick.Regardless, the food is presented very well and it all looks very tasty.  I enjoyed a veggie dish which came with rice (it was white, I forgot to ask for brown- don't know if they have it), soup or salad, spring rolls and that little sweet sauce that we all loved to dip those soup crisps in when we were 7.  Lunch specials are important.The others in my group ordered the Thai Iced Tea. It is regular iced tie mixed with cream and something else.  It was quite entertaining to look at and the taste report was positive.  As well, they ordered two Chicken Pad Thai dishes and one curry dish.  All well-received.If you're not up for breakfast nearby at the Quaker Diner, check out some Thai.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,12/3/2011,68,200,4,7,5>I'll admit, I've spent a fair amount of time in the Barcelona in New Haven - it's a truly fantastic spot in that town.  Now life has brought me to the suburbs...an inevitable path, I suppose, in my Nutmeg State adventures.The Barcelona in West Hartford has the same menu, similar decor, but is a world apart in terms of vibe.  In New Haven, I'd generally show up at Barcelona around 10-12 for drinks, dancing and fun.  In West Hartford, I show up around 6-9 for tapas, one drink, and a grown-up atmosphere that is not the same-old same-old WH center.  This may be more a reflection of me than the WH Barcelona itself, but I digress...I really am growing to love the tapas style of dining generally, and while it's expensive to do that here, it's worth it.My faves:spinach chickpea casserolesauteed swiss chardsauteed shrimpscallopssteamed musselssalad of beets and walnuts (i get it sans cheese)Yes, I apparently only consume things at Barcelona that begin with the letter S.  Including the Sauvignon Blanc by the glass - at Six bucks it's one of my favorite and most affordable glasses of wine in the center.  Let's just say this review is brought to you by the letter S.If you're a bread person, and an olive oil person, and a combination of those two person, you're gonna fawn over that situation.  It's warm, crusty goodness.  Enhanced by fresh ground pepper - just ask.The food runs a bit oily across the board, including oil drizzled over everything before it is brought out, but that is easily remedied (if that sort of thing bothers your palate, tummy or waistline) by asking the kitchen to chill on that - they are extremely accommodating to special requests and extremely capable - the chefs in back know their stuff.  As do the waitstaff, bartenders, and management.  They are very accommodating and responsive, but not in your face - the best of all worlds.Sunday half-price bottles of wine can't be beat (starting workweek with a mild hangover is always an interesting experience). Thursday night live jazz is a good time, highly recommended.The bar is a comfy place if you are a drink a glass of wine or dine alone sort.  Lots of people go solo, particularly earlier in the evening.  There is a wall-mounted TV in the bar area if you want to watch some sports with your wine/tapas.  But generally, I would say late at night and on weekends, this feels more like a group of friends or date spot.  The place turns hopping later in the evening, and , in my opinion, is simply more fun with a more interesting crowd than most center nightlife spots (if you're into that sort of thing)Outdoor seating in summer is recommended.  It's also shaded for those super hot days.Barcelona would get five stars from me if it brought back the weeknight 1/2 price tapas special....nudge...nudge...
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,12/2/2011,72,359,10,3,1>It definitely smells like fish fart when you walk in, but A. Dong's is still a great place for the adventurous chef or foodie. Walking amongst the aisles of poorly marked product may start to drive you a little crazy if you're looking for something specific. Also, you may think you know where it is, but when you get to where the product was last time, it may have moved a few aisles over. Asking an employee may not be much help either, as it's very likely they'll tell you with a perfect English accent that they don't actually speak English. Don't plan to go here on a schedule. Give yourself lots of time to wander aimlessly.The unusual ingredients and plethora of hard to find goods make it all worthwhile though. If you've ever had Boba Tea this is one of the only spots around where you can buy the gummy bear-esque tea pearls. Also, if you've ever tried to make corned beef you've probably had a very hard time finding potassium nitrate (saltpeter), the chemical that keeps the meat bright red throughout cooking. I wish I could tell you where it's hiding; you'll have to just trust me that it's there and pay your dues finding it. They have vials of amyl acetate... whatever that is. And most importantly, FRESH GINGER!!!! I hate hate hate going to the grocery store when I need ginger for something only to find the ubiquitous, shriveled, fibrous garbage that's been sitting out for a few weeks longer than it should. A. Dong's has the freshest ginger around. Smooth skin, crisp flesh, braving the fish stank is entirely worthwhile if only for this ingredient alone.Most of the stuff is way cheap too!
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,12/1/2011,357,375,4,4,4>I'm a fan of this growing frozen yogurt trend - partly because going out for froyo is fun and delicious, but mostly because I no longer have to drive very far to get it. Kiwi Spoon, like your standard frozen yogurt stop these days, allows you to serve yourself and indulge in an abundance of toppings, and you pay by the ounce. At 49 cents an ounce, my brother and I were able to get what we wanted for about $5 each. Not bad. In comparison to other froyo places, I think Kiwi Spoon goes a little above and beyond. For example, there are more flavor choices at one time than Froyo World in New Haven, and I think there may be more toppings. Also, it allows you more than one size of cups, so you can control yourself from going overboard from the very beginning. (I got the biggest cup this time, but I know that in the future, I'll make myself get the medium or smaller cup.)I had to take a step back to look at all the froyo flavors before deciding what to get, but I eventually settled on original tart, red velvet, cheesecake, cookies 'n cream, and chocolate. (I told you I got the biggest cup.) They were creamy, just sweet enough, and full of flavor. The fruit toppings were really fresh, and I was able to pile on all the mochi I wanted (which was a lot). There were also little chocolate turtles filled with caramel that were pretty wonderful and an assortment of cookie toppings. Minor drawback: While there were Froot Loops, there was no Cap'n Crunch. Lots of people were flowing in and out because this place just opened, but the line moved pretty quickly. Unfortunately, there was only one table in the corner and a counter with a few seats. We were able to get some seats at the counter, but a lot of people were standing inside and out in the parking lot. I'm hoping they add more seating as the crowd slows down. All in all, a delicious and welcome addition to this part of the state.Update as of 8/14/11 - There was Cap'n Crunch today.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,11/29/2011,54,99,3,6,4>Such a special place, nestled right along Chester's main street in a very small and intimate space. When you're looking to spend an evening with someone special, and dine on a beautifully prepared meal, L& E is the spot. Everything is so elegant, from the service to the food, it's hard to find places like this around  the Connecticut shoreline. The wine list is supurb. We decided on a cote du rhone which was so luscious. My devil wanted 2 bottles but my angel kept reminding me of my 7am work out the next morning, so we stuck with one. The food was fabulous from beginning to end. No matter what you order, I'm sure it will taste phenominal. My only disclaimer is not to expect large portions. L&E  is all about quality, not quantity, which is how fine dining should be.The next excuse I get to celebrate something special, I'll definitely be back to visit L&E!
