<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/15/2014,66,96,5,4,8>I couldn't possibly be more happy with 495 Home Services. My first experience with this company was a few weeks ago for the installation of a flat screen TV for my company. Alex  was fast, efficient and cleaned up after his work leaving me a spotless room and a perfectly mounted TV.After such great service, I hired 495 Home Services a second time to hang a giant banner on the side of my company's building. There were a few structural challenges with mounting the banner, and Alex and Julio troubleshooted every issue that came up and within a couple hours had this banner mounted securely, perfectly centered and level. (And on the hottest and most miserably humid day of the summer, they did it with smiles on their faces.)After the banner I had one more job for 495 Home Services. Mounting a super sized pull down projector screen. Once again, I am wildly thrilled with the fast work and a perfectionists attention to detail that 495 Home Services provides.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,10/14/2014,77,98,6,8,7>Once upon a time, there lived this young woman in her late 20's who absolutely loved food, but was trying to eat healthier. She went to a meeting where food was being ordered from a "sandwich shop" and requested a salad with grilled chicken on the side. When she arrived to the meeting, she was greeted with the MOST FREAKING DELICIOUS SALAD EVER IN LIFE.Seriously. I'm no health nut, but the spinach salad here is like having angels from up above pooting on your taste buds. Definitely the best salad I've ever had in my life. So good, that I came here five consecutive times without looking at other menu options and ordered the spinach salad. The spinach salad comes with spinach leaves (obviously), REAL pieces of bacon (not the disgusting bacon bits), cranberries, onions, red peppers, hard-boiled eggs, mushrooms, and bacon dressing. The bacon dressing is not overwhelming either! You can order different meats on the side as toppings for the salad and I have had the grilled chicken and crab cake. I'm not sure what seasonings they use for this grilled chicken, but it is the most moist and flavorful piece of grilled chicken that I've ever had the pleasure of devouring.The last couple times I've been here, I ordered crab cakes, crab dip, steamed shrimp, and old bay chicken & shrimp pasta for my family and everyone has loved everything. This place is so unassuming and I never realized it was over here. So glad to have found this gem!
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2014,10/13/2014,18,165,4,3,3>Came here for lunch after our matinee at the Regal down the street. The 3 of us shared a whole chicken, green beans, beans and rices. Awesome deal for $17.95. Our meal came out super fast and was excellent. Chicken was spiced nicely and paired well with the sauces at the table. Green beans were cooked perfectly, not over done like many restaurants serve.  Beans and rice were my daughter's favorite, she could easily had these as her meal and would have been perfectly happy.  We were all more than satisfied and came home with leftovers for tonight.  Look forward to trying other dishes on the menu.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,10/12/2014,60,120,4,5,2>With the World Cup in full swing and a few days from departing to Brasil for the World Cup I had to get myself a jersey. I stopped in for the first time hoping that they would have a jersey for a team I liked and I was pleasantly surprised to see that they had jerseys for every team I liked and the ones I didn't. The selection was great, which is saying a lot when you go shopping during the World Cup.The service was also phenomenal! Kathryn was amazing with her service. She helped me choose multiple jerseys and find the necessary sizes as well as throw in some fun facts about the teams. She knows her futbol and it shows.The prices are also very, competitive with what you will find at other speciality soccer stores. What does it all mean? Well great service, great prices, and a large selection equals the best soccer store in town. This is the place to go. Once again, thank you Kathryn. Now if only Spain was as good this year as Soccer American is.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,10/11/2014,135,130,3,5,4>I just had a really good experience at Bella. I called in Friday and made an appt for Saturday with Courtney. Apparently there's a tier system and the prices per stylist range from 46$-95$. I asked for a price on the lower end and Courtney was at 56$ which was okay for me (I've never paid that much but I was willing). Courtney was very friendly, she listened and gave good advice. I do wish my blowdry had more volume or was flatter and silkier.. It was that in between stage.. But it was a blow dry and not a serious issue. Will definitely come back for a trim or cut with Courtney. It was a very pleasant appt. *** I dunno what she did or used but I didn't wash my hair for longer than usual. I'll have to ask her next time in there. They gave me a little gift bag.. Sample shampoo and coupons.. Nice incentive.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,10/10/2014,76,458,3,5,4>I've been to the original Black Hog downtown and thought it was overhyped. Good but not great. But today I was craving bbq and decided to stop by the new branch since it's an exit away from home.Maybe it's only because I was starving or maybe they're eager to impress at the new store but my smoked beef brisket sandwich was phenomenal! 4 big slices of tender meat and a spicy, flavorful sauce- I used the bun to sop up every bit of that sauce. I got sweet potatoes and collard greens for my sides and they were delicious as well. The greens were flecked with ham and hot sauce and the sweet potatoes were cooked and seasoned perfectly.They even had tres leches in the dessert case, which I of course had to pick up. I haven't tried it yet since I'm so stuffed I can barely type but I'm looking forward to it later tonight!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2014,10/9/2014,90,125,3,8,5>4.5 stars!  Chips and salsa: 5 stars. The salsa was so yummy and different bc it's served warm!  I loved it with the thin crisp Tortilla chips, also warm. Yuca with chicharrones: 3 stars. Nice crisp yuca, powdery and chewy center. The chicharrones were meaty pork, I was hoping for more fat or skin - and they were covered in a tomato sauce. I admit I like deep fries crispy pieces of pork. But maybe this is what some people prefer. Sopa de gallina. 4.5 stars Loved the fresh veggies and savory broth. Whole chicken breast and a quarter corn cob included. Beef quesadilla. 4.5 stars. Very tasty served with guac and sour cream.  My only preference would be that the meat had a tinge of pink. Customer service:5 stars. Very friendly and attentive. Ambience 4 stars. I really like the white tableCloths and formality.  Other great Latino food places are not formal enough even though they have great food. This place could be a place to take a date or celebrate a birthday. You actually want to sit a while and enjoy a long meal. Very pleasantly surprised by this place. It is still the grand opening but is excellent thus far. We were greeted Warmly when we walked in on a Thursday at 6 pm  there were two other groups there.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,10/8/2014,63,120,6,5,3>Today I had a BGE Smart Energy evaluation. I ask my fellow home owning friends how to do this and that and save and all kinds of home questions and this is one of the suggestions that I put into play. It was FREE ya'll cause home ownership ain't no joke and FREE is all I can afford these days. This company was contracted through BGE to assess my energy usage and to assist me in making my home as energy efficient as possible. And they did a good job if I do say so myself!My home: Everything is timers. All bulbs changed to energy efficient when I moved in. I turn off all lights during the day and use sunlight. My thermostat is on a schedule. I participate in Peak Rewards. I have storm doors to help with air gaps. After recieving my first BGE bill, I learned the HARD different between an apartment & a home and 550 more square feet.Ben was friendly and professional. He called to confirm the appt, the day before and the day of. He arrived on time. He did a walk through of my property then with his handy dandy ipad and his expertise, laid on me the bad news: My heat pump suck as does my refrigerator and neither are efficient in anyway shape of form. I knew this already, but it hurt to hear it from someone else. sigh... So my 2-5 yr plan is to replace both of those money sucking appliances! The fancy dimming light bulbs I bought for my recessed lighting are crap and I should have just bit the bullet and invested in the LED. FYI: The different between the cost of a CFL light bulf vs an LED one is similar to the difference between the purchase of a dollar menu burger vs buying a new yacht. Yea, I said a fickin yacht. (Jesus be a winning lottery ticket!)Somehwhat of a happy ending: Oh! I left with free stuff. Yes! FREE stuff ya'll! He installed new energy light bulbs in my bathrooms. He put in water reducing shower heads and facet filters on my sinks. He turned down the temp on my boiler.  He gave me a fancy pants power strip. He reprogrammed my thermostat. I will not be hot in the summer and freezing in the winter (gotta save money, honey) oh and Coupons! I got coupons ya'll! So, If I get a new $1700 refrigerator, I have a coupon for $125-$150 off and thenBGE will take the old crusty one and give me $50. Praise: I'm already a BGE PeakRewards member (4 yrs baby!) so I did good already. And the fact that I live like a vampire was good he said. All in all, my next bill cycle will show how awesome I am with reducing my energy usage therby reducing my bill. So, call BGE now and scehdule your appointment. Reember: Every penny counts and a penny save is a penny earned!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2014,10/7/2014,96,310,4,4,3>Super excited to find &pizza yesterday as my typical haunt in Bethesda (Vace) was closed. I thought the pie was terrific. Nice, thin crust, zesty marinara, high-quality toppings. At $9.50, my mom and I split the pie, and it was plenty for lunch. Great deal! If you have a larger appetite, watch out, as the ex-football player seated across from us looked at the pies and did scoff a bit. :) The basic set up here is, pick your dough, sauce, toppings, and accoutrement; then, your pizza passes through a very hot oven on a conveyor belt and you have more sauces and toppings to pick at the end of the cooking process. My suggestion is to **start with a printed copy of the menu before getting in line**, as the menus posted where you order are a bit opaque. The choices for dough are threefold: original, ancient grain (think quinoa, kamut, etc.), or gluten free. I opted for the ancient grain and thought it was terrific. There seems to be multiple (say, six?) sauces available. Ranging from the generic marinara to zesty marinara (next time) all the way to pesto sauces and garlic oil.Lots of cheeses and toppings as well. I went with the fresh mozz--it was perfectly squeaky and delicious. I included sauteed onions, salami, jalapenos, and mushrooms (the man's out of town!) and my mom went for the backyard garden. This is one of their assembled pies, with marinated red peppers, artichokes, and other veg.  Once out of the oven, like I said, numerous other choices await. I wanted to add everything, but opted to just do feta. I was quite pleased with how everything came out, me being a newbie and all. So, yes, I highly recommend. The service was prompt (about as quick as a Subway, frankly), place was clean, and the food was good. Lingering questions I have include, are all the pizzas $9.50 no matter what you put on them? How fantastic are the homemade sodas? (I didn't see those til the end) Is there outdoor seating during better weather? As others note, the place is small with few seats. Likely taking the 'za to go during the workweek lunch, I imagine. All in all, solid four star experience. Thanks!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,10/6/2014,416,399,6,10,10>When a restaurant is located inside of a gas station, generally you know that good food is awaiting you.  This was definitely the case at Seoul Food.  I'm totally a fan of this restaurant.  I love the fact that they pride themselves on using fresh, locally sourced ingredients in their items.  As an added bonus, you could tell that the husband/wife duo love what they do and it completely shows in the quality of food they put out.  Although their menu is rather simple, I still stood there for some time deciding what I wanted to order.  Everything sounded so good!  I finally decided on the burrito bowl with spicy bulgogi sauce-marinated pork and a bulgogi steak maki roll.  My total came out to $21+, the bowl was $10, which made my maki roll around $10 as well.  At that point I was thinking, dang...I hope this maki is worth it!  Totally was.  Veggies were all fresh and seasoned well.  Steak was tender and not dry.  The rice had a nice taste, wasn't overcooked, and had just the right amount of sesame oil/salt.  The only thing that would have made it better was if it was rolled a little more tightly.  Several of the pieces quickly fell apart as I picked them up with my chopsticks.  The burrito bowl was also very good.  They were rather generous with the amount of pork they put into the bowl, which was great because you usually don't get a lot of meat in these items at other places.  The fresh kimichi was refreshing and made well.  Loved the avocado that went with it.  Wasn't so sure that I would like it at first, but I totally did.   The bowl came with a tortilla on the side, which I forgot about as it stayed in my plastic bag.While waiting for my food to be made, the desserts in their food display were calling my name.  I tried so hard to resist, but a customer who ordered after me raved about them.  So, I gave in and got a bag of the funky monkey banana bread cookies.  Sounds delicious, right?!  Too bad this was probably my least favorite item that I ordered.  The bag came with three cookies ($5+).  They were sticking to the plastic bag, so I thought they would be moist.  I was wrong.  They were somewhat dry and didn't have much banana flavor to them.  I did enjoy the added chocolate chips, though.  The place itself is somewhat sectioned off from the rest of the gas station.  Their are two chairs at the bar, a few tables inside, and one small table outside.  Parking at the gas station is scarce, but their is plenty of metered parking along the street or in the nearby parking lot.Overall, I enjoyed my experience here.  The food is good and reasonably priced.  Anna, who took my order and made my maki roll, was super sweet.  I'll definitely be back for more Seoul Food!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,1/23/2014,77,235,,11,5>I'm  going to start off by saying that this was my very first time going here and based on yelp reviews and a personal review from my Bestie Rae M., I thought I would be alright going there!  I went with a group of women and children on a Friday night for dinner before a play we were going to see!  We arrived early and were able to get a entire section to ourselves for the most part; 8 children and 11 adults!  The children were able to sit in booths next to us but  with each other, so as a mom, that was great!  We ordered our food and drinks and were told that we could split the bill at the end, SUPER! I ordered the white sangria, very good!  It was so mellow, I forgot there was alcohol in it!   I ordered the Glory Wings based on a friend's advice and the crab macaroni and cheese!  Let me start off by saying, this was not my mother's southern cheesy baked macaroni and cheese that has made me oh so happy over the years, but it was good enough with some lump crab meat and Old Bay on top!  My wings were very good! I loved the Glory Sauce on them.  They were just the right amount of doneness!  Not dry at all!  And for the most part, everyone loved their food!  Including a friend who had the bison burger with mac and cheese on top!  Talk about crazy, she tore it up though!  LOL! My daughter had her usual, chicken tenders and french fries, of which she devoured!  She did let me have a bite of one and made sure to tell me only a bit, not a whole one!  LOL!  She never says that!  She loved them!One set back for our visit, was my wings and one of the children's chicken tenders came out 20 or so minutes after everyone else was served!  It was awkward, but the server kept coming back and telling us it would be right up!  It wouldn't have been so bad except the child was a 5 year old girl who waited so patiently to eat.  However, management brought out the items and took them off of the bill without hesitation.  We all were able to eat and still get to our play on time!For the most part, I loved my experience at Glory Days!  We had great food and great conversation!  Our children were able to be free and enjoy themselves as well!  I would definitely go back and try more items on the menu because everything that everyone had, they were extremely happy with!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,1/22/2014,76,458,4,5,4>Who loves pizza? This girl!I tore myself away from Luke's Lobster to try this pizzeria the last time I was in Bethesda and I'm not sorry. It's a pretty restaurant, with a large patio. The hostess and server were friendly and quick, and the atmosphere was lively but not too loud.I really wanted to try the fried stuff olive appetizer but decided to skip the calories and just ordered the Marco pizza, which is cheese (don't remember if it was mozzarella only), sausage, mushrooms, and sauce. It was a great savory pie! The sausage is real sausage not the junk you'd get at Pizza Hut and the mushrooms were meaty, plus they didn't skimp on the toppings. The dough could use a little improvement since it was kind of soggy, which is a little weird since the crust was crisp and pretty good.They have a big beer and wine selection. I'm not normally a beer drinker but I've recently discovered I like IPAs so I tried the Flying Dog Raging Bitch (how appropo). Mmmm pizza and beer (Homer Simpson voice).
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,1/21/2014,43,57,2,5,3>Very scenic and country-like and as someone who is originally from Texas, it almost seems like a slice of home nestled in the middle of urban chaos.  We came originally for a Blue Grass Festival, but I think I enjoyed the gardens moreso, as did my two year old daughter. Make sure and take a gander at the absolutely giant Dahlias they have growing at the gardens.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2013,1/20/2014,128,414,3,5,5>I've only been in Bethesda for a few weeks, but I've already been to the Mussel Bar twice- and I'm craving a third trip.I don't like mussels, so I have no idea if they are good or not. However, I can say that when people order them, the bowl always smells delicious. The first time I came was right after I signed my lease, and it was a weekday around 11:30am. The place was empty, and although a few more tables came for lunch, it never was busy. My waiter was very friendly, though, and the food came promptly. I ordered the Kennett Square Mushroom Belgian Tart ($15) and the trio of french fries ($6), as well as a German beer. They have an extensive number of beers ($5+), primarily from the US, Germany, and Belgium. Since I learned to love beer by spending a month in Germany, the beer list is like heaven for me. The tart was perfect, and the french fries were addicting (who knew that aioli on crispy french fries could be so freaking tasty? Sorry, arteries). My two favorites were the chipotle and Old Bay aioli dips. Yum. I would say that the tart is enough for a meal if you're not that hungry, but if you're starving, you should get a side along with it. When I was moving into my apartment, I made a second trip on a weekday night because I was craving the tart and fries. We sat outside, and it was nice to people watch. I ordered the exact same thing (why mess with perfection?). The tart was a little inconsistent in the amount/type of toppings compared to the first visit, but the flavor was still perfect. We found the french fries so addicting that we annihilated the first order of fries while waiting for our food, and promptly ordered a second one. The place was a bit busy, but never so busy that all the tables were full, and the service wasn't as great, but it may have been because we were sitting outside. Overall, a great stop for a relaxing, tasty meal and a great beer list. Probably a bit on the expensive side, but so is everywhere in Bethesda. Two thumbs up- I'll definitely be back!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,1/19/2014,794,1145,4,16,9>Yet another Ethiopian owned business in Silver Spring... I don't normally frequent this street in Silver Spring.  From the outside, Kaldi's is very eye catching.  It's sleek and wooden on the inside.  Justin is right; the seating is not that comfortable.  Wooden chairs aren't meant for sitting upon for hours at a time.  It's best to get your loot and go.  And, as Damon stated, they have a bounty of baked goods.  The pumpkin bread was moist, and so was the banana bread, but the former of the two wins on flavor.  I tried a sample of their coffee cake and that was really good too.  I also purchase a Nutella scone. (Yes, Nutella!)  I haven't tried it yet, but it's not your typical scone in shape or consistency.  It's cut into a rectangular slice and looks more like a slice of bobka.  It's worth trying for $2.25 I thought.The owner was behind the counter and was friendly.  That is reason enough to go back, even though I am not a coffee lover, I do love me some Nutella!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2013,1/18/2014,87,85,5,9,4>Ok.  I'm not going to lie.  When I saw "RG BBQ" on the side of Route 1 in Laurel, I thought there might be a 1% chance that it was owned by Robert Griffin (the oft-injured diva but extraordinary talented quarterback of the Washington football team).  Anyway, I drove by it on Route 1 a couple times and wondered what the food was like.  Was it just some run-of-the mill deli with frozen meat thawed in a microwaved served on a Costco bun or was it actually legit?  Well thanks to GroupOn, I decided to check this place out on a $15 for $30 deal.  The décor of the restaurant is very quaint and eclectic.  I ordered the platter which came with all the meat (baby back ribs, pulled pork and chicken).  For the sides, I ordered the corn bread, cole slaw and also got half dozen Creole wings.  AND I also got the pepperjack mac and cheese. You can also substitute pulled pork for pit beef if you'd like.  All the sides were really well cooked, well prepared and delicious.Most importantly, the quality of the BBQ is really awesome!  Everything is slow-cooked to perfection, the meat just falls off the bone on the fatty ribs, the pulled pork is moist and has a nice smoky flavor, and the wings were the star of the show for me.  I think the wings are also slow cooked cuz once you take a bite, all the meat will just fall right off the bone.  Apparently the owner used to be an executive chef at the Bitmore hotel in LA and also was a contestant on Iron Chef America and the quality of the food really shows that he knows how to make good 'cue. The prices are reasonable, the workers were really nice and all in all I recommend it.  I don't want to give it 5 stars yet because I think there was TOO MUCH bbq sauce on my plate that it was almost drowning in it.  I think I just like a good basting.  Next time I'll get it with BBQ sauce on the side and probably will upgrade to 5 stars.  Maybe one day, I'll see RG3 eating here.  RG3 eating at RG BBQ, mind blown.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,1/17/2014,22,182,,13,4>Nostalgia! I was shocked to see that there are still jja jang myun houses that still pull their own noodles. Jja jang myun is by far my favorite noodle dish, and to find a gem like this was truly uplifting to my soul.There were two jja jang myun houses that I frequented when I was younger, dae sung kwan (has since closed) and a place that used to be on parklawn drive (which has since moved to ellicott city). There is also one in annandale which was massively disappointing since the noodles were factory made. There is seriously no point in eating non-fresh factory noodles!Anyways, I digress. We ordered two gan jja jangs (fresh black bean sauce) and gan poong gi (fried garlic chicken drum sticks). The chicken was out of this world! Not overly battered (perfectly crisp), slightly sweet, and accented with a bit of heat and the garlic. The portion was tremendous as well.The noodles took a bit to arrive but it was definitely worth the wait. The sauce had the correct viscosity and was loaded with the white onion and pork bits. The pungent aroma certainly brought back the noodle slurping days of my youth. The noodles were pulled right before, and they had the perfect texture and chewiness a good jja jang myun noodle should have. Another way of verifying that your noodle is hand made is when the thickness of each noodle strand slightly varies, that's the point! I was so satisfied with the meal I left nearly a 60% tip. I encourage anyone wanting to have true, authentic jja jang myun to come here. This place gets my highest seal of approval.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,1/16/2014,194,284,1,6,5>Yes, this is the only establishment with great beer within walking distance of me, but that's not the only reason why I'm smitten over Growlers! Being the "oldest brewery in Gaithersburg" wasn't all that impressing of a claim to me. Old doesn't necessarily mean good. However! It seems that when it comes to Growlers' brews, with age comes wisdom, and with wisdom, great beer! Don't you dare be caught at Growlers ordering a non-growlers beer! They've got every kind to please the palette- ambers, IPAs, stouts, saison, and more. The draught beers change every so often, so there's always something new to try. And the bar staff is pretty friendly and knowledgable too.The food at Growlers isn't five star by any means, but for a brewery/ pub, I was impressed. The menu offers everything from burgers to pizza to salmon. And service has always been swift and satisfactory. The menu isn't overly unique, which is my one "complaint", but i don't go to Growlers for a high class meal; I go for amazing beer and decent food to fill my belly. Best of all- week day happy hour means CHEAP, good beer. I'm a happy gal Mon-thurs!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,1/15/2014,48,139,6,6,5>The closest thing to a Mexican Taqueria with great food in suburban DC.  When my Texan hubby and I (Californian) are feeling homesick, we eat here.Now this is going to sound crazy, but I don't get the tacos.  I go for a quesadilla with suadero (beef rib meat), a side of half an avocado, and top the whole thing with pico de gallo from the salsa bar.  It's just one large tortilla folded over, but this (along with stealing some Mexican rice from my guy) will fill me up plenty.  I wish they served carnitas (pulled pork), but the suadero itself is pretty tasty.  I also wish the freshly made chips weren't so greasy, but you can't have everything.  Chips and guac is $5, which is a bit steep, but is really the only thing that IS expensive here.Yes, it sort of is in a gas station.  But Taco Bar is separate from the convenience store, dry cleaners, and bank...so get over it and just try it.  For people who grew up eating in taquerias, the ambiance of Taco Bar will seem much, much more normal than Chipotle ever will--Univison on the TV and tile floors is exactly what you would find in South Texas. :)
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,1/14/2014,27,285,1,7,5>Takoma Park FINALLY gets a worthy and decent place of District level caliber food.  Went for their first served brunch, and while told that they were slammed with patrons about an hour ago, our wait would be about 25-30 minutes while the kitchen probably got its bearings.Saddled up to a wonderful stock bar, the ingredients on the shelf show quality as do the house made cocktails.  The house made Bloody Mary's accented with celery salt on the rim are excellent, super rich and meaty, you almost want to dunk chips in them.  Try the Maria variation with Sauza tequila.  The Localist is a nice take on a pumped up lemonade using Green Hat gin.  Excellent beer list as wellThe ambiance is real nice, and even in the courtyard they kept the old Video Americain sign.  Perhaps 10-15 minutes later we got a table and seated well no problem.Service is perfectly fine and cordial.  Went for simple brunch fare of poached eggs with hanger steak.  Cooked perfectly to order, super tender at medium rare and real ropey and chewy.  Matched perfectly crackling fries, and bearnaise, lemon, and runny poached egg warm goodness.  Basically a perfect dish.  The mushroom option is also great with a chewy rice bed, and will probably with sans eggs make the vegans fine as well (assuming there is no stock base).On top of that they have oysters here, and there's seafood sandwiches at the ready.  If they were made any as good with care as my simple brunch was, then dinners here should really shine.This is a serious game changer for the neighborhood, and this is a BIG STEP UP from what that area has had.  I really hope this place excels and sticks around, and by judging how well they started they are off with flying colors.Will try to make repeat visits as much as I can.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/1/2012,11/26/2012,23,184,3,8,2>So I finally made my way to Quench last night (Thursday) for happy hour.  I've been waiting for this place to open for quiet some time.  I want to do a review here since most of the reviews so far are from folks who have only done 1 or 2 reviews on Yelp, and I am always a little skeptical of those reviews (as they are usually very extreme, either all great, or all terrible, and as we all know, very few restaurants are all great or all terrible :).Well, here's my unbiased review.  I am keeping in mind the restaurant is new, and the location isn't ideal for the type of specialty cocktail lounge/bar/restaurant they are trying to be.  I applaud them for the effort, but in the long run, for them to succeed, I think they need to accept the fact the location and realize they absolutely need to expand their food offerings.  Ok, I am jumping ahead.  So let's start from the beginning.They don't really have a great happy hour special.  None of their very expensive $13 cocktails are part of happy hour.  I think happy hour drinks consist of two wine, some beer, and rail drinks.  I would like to see them at least reducing those $13 specialty cocktails to around $9 to be more happy hour friendly.  There are no food specials for happy hour either.  Their small nibbles are cheap enough I guess, however, I would suggest adding flatbreads (similar to those at Founding Farmers or Seasons 52) to the menu as they are easy to eat for happy hour and people seem to love them.For drinks we tried Kentucky Irby ($13), Sex in the suburbs ($13), and Americano ($10), plus a glass of the happy hour white wine.  We loved the Kentucky Irby and Sex in the burbs (creative and refreshing drinks).  However, for $13, we better love them!  The price is similar to what most DC places charge but considering Quench's location, it is a bit steep.  I did not like Americano but my friend who ordered it knew it was going to be bitter so she's fine with it.Now food is where I have issue with this place.  We got fries and corn beignets from snacks and nibbles, and both are fine.  Fries actually were great ($5), and the corn beignets were ok.  They give you a lot of them for $8, but I personally would rather have normal beignets instead of corn ones and they didn't taste all that special to me.  Then we tried to find some protein to eat and that's where we had trouble.  They really don't have any significant meat offerings at all!  There's crab cake I guess, but no steak, not even a steak salad.  All the salads seem sophisticated (lol, never thought I would use sophisticated to describe salad), but not for people with simpler palates.  There is a reason why Founding Farmers is so successful (even though their service is hit or miss, and mostly miss), people like comfort food and food they are familiar with.  I would add some steak, or at least short rib, mac and cheese, some kind of grill fish, one or two more pasta dishes.  I understand they want to be different, but it has to make business sense too right?  Anyways we settled on the shrimp ratatouille ($18) and it was tasty.  It's a light dish, just shrimp and veggies, so not exactly what we were looking for but it tasted good.One of the bartenders Matt seemed nice enough, and answered all of our questions.  But he was not exactly the "let's be friends" type of bartender we are used to at Clyde's.  Overall service is fine, drinks are great, and food is ok.  It was an expensive happy hour.  About $80 excluding tip for two girls.  I would come back and try the crab roll and some other drinks, but I don't think I will make this my regular happy hour hang out in the area just yet, and this is definitely not a dinner destination with the hubby who is more a meat and potatoes kinda guy.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,11/25/2012,0,9,,14,13>I love this place!  The owners are extremely friendly and go out of their way to help you find what you're looking for.  If you buy a few different things, they will always securely place your purchases in a box. The beer selection is great and the prices are reasonable.  They're always rotating out seasonal brews and various microbrews from all around the country, so there's always something new to try.The owners are big Ohio State fans, too, so if you're so inclined, give them an O-H! when you go in!  (My husband and I are alumni, and we love going in on game days)
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,11/24/2012,23,120,2,6,3>My boyfriend and  friends brought me here last night. It's a nice little restaurant. I have to admit, though, I felt like I was walking into a bathroom because the walls were made of white tile, but I got over that quickly enough.They are a beer and wine store as well, but they're selection of wines isn't very vast. And it's partly hidden behind some boards and power tools (I think they might be trying to do some sort of renovation).We all ordered the same thing: rice vermicelli with honey pork and egg roll ($7). When they came out, there was a pretty generous amount of everything: lots of noodles, lots of vegetables, lots of the meat (it was a layer that covered the top of the bowl!), one really long egg roll, and even some peanuts! They also give you a small bowl of the fish sauce that you pour over the dish to put more flavor and moisture into the noodles, and if you want more, they'll give you more. Each bit of food was absolutely delicious and fresh. The egg roll and the meat was nicely cut up for you too! They also decided to get some slushies too. They had the choices of Strawberry, Pineapple, Mango, and Avocado. I know, avocado slushy sounds weird, but you never really know until you try it. My friends tried the strawberry, pineapple, and mango slushies with bubbles (tapioca pearls) in them. Since they had been here before, they said the slushies were good, but not as good as before: it's lost a bit of it's flavoring. I thought it still tasted pretty good, though.Did I mention it's a beer and wine store as well? Meaning, they're open as late as normal beer and wine stores can be open until (1am). Next time I come, I really want to try their Pho. I hope it's as fantastic as the noodle dish, because I think I've just found my favorite super late night food place close to home. :)
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,11/23/2012,54,120,2,7,2>Wow, what a wonderful dining experience!  The wife and I visited Cava Mezze for the first time last Wednesday evening.  I had heard many good things about the restaurant, so I was very anxious to try.  Just a note to fellow Yelpers, this restaurant does not take reservations.  We arrived around 7:40pm on a weeknight and the place was packed.  We put our name in with the hostess, who told us the wait would be about 40 minutes.  No problem.  We walked over to the bar and placed a drink order........ and then it happened. Something I have never witnessed before........  the bartender, Steve, was waving us over to two seats he saved for us at the end of the bar.    Really?!?!?!?  Yes Please!  With service like that, our minds were made up...... we were eating at the bar!  (Mind you, it is no easy task to get the wife to eat at the bar, so this made me extremely happy.)  Throughout the evening, we noticed both bartenders reserving seats for folks who had already placed an order at the bar and were standing with their drinks.  This is a nice change of pace from the normal "knock people over to get a chair" routine that normally goes onEnough about that.... onto dinner.  Steve recommended we order an appetizer to share, and 1-2 small plates per person.  I can't say that I disagree with his suggestion.  We debated between the mac-n-cheese and zucchini fritters for our appetizer and decided on the zucchini fritters.  They weren't really what I expected, and I don't think either of us would have ordered them again.  I thought they were just going to be breaded zucchini.  Instead, it was a mixture of filler that consisted of some sort of cheese, sour cream (maybe)/yogurt/mayo binder with shredded zucchini that was rolled up in a ball, breaded, and fried.  Not really my cup of tea, but we will definitely be ordering the mac-n-cheese on our next visit... someone next to us ordered it and it looked delicious.  For our small plate dishes, we shared shrimp and grits, lamb hash, and lamb shank on a bed of orzo.  The shrimp and grits were the best I have ever tasted outside of New Orleans.  Creamy grits with nice size gulf shrimp with some pancetta mixed in.  The lamb hash was equally delicious, and was topped with an over easy egg.  The lamb shank is a very hearty dish, and we were warned by Steve that although it was delicious and recommended, it wasn't really a summer dish.  He was spot on with the description, as it was very hearty and extremely tender.  It was composed of a perfect balance of texture and flavor, although a tad salty.  Steve also recommended the Challah French Toast for dessert, which certainly did not disappoint.  It was definitely one of the best desserts we have ordered in quite some time.  Diner Beware, this dessert is HUGE and I recommend splitting it with at least one other person.  The challah bread was topped with tons of fresh berries, homemade whipped cream, and a touch of honey.  There also may have been some syrup drizzled over top.  Definitely worth the calorie count!Cava Mezze is a homerun, even if you aren't a fan of tapas.  Their extensive menu will offer tempting selections for any foodie.  We will definitely be back to dine with Steve at the bar!THE GOOD: Excellent Food, Great Service, Fantastic Cocktails, Fair Price Points, Atmosphere.  THE MEH: Zucchini FrittersTHE BAD: Reservations are not accepted
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,11/20/2012,132,258,4,6,4>I had just moved to Silver Spring, literally just moved and had not unpacked my kitchen, when my stomach started to grumble. I panicked. I knew I loved the area, but I did not know where to get good delivery. And I was in no condition to leave my new apartment, sweatpants and all. So I searched using Eat24 and came across Andy's Restaurant. They had such a BIG menu I was almost certain the food would be terrible. So I went with something generic, General Tso's Chicken. It was very good! So a week or so later, I ordered again, Singapore Noodles. Spicy, flavorful, filling. Two for two! So I ordered again-- this time sushi. Now I am no sushi expert but I do know good sushi from bad sushi. I know fresh fish and good rice, and spicy. My spicy tuna, philly, and shrimp tempura rolls were amazing (amazing, considering it was delivery). Fresh, cold, and tasty. I am sold. I would order from Andy's everyday, if I wasn't convinced that the delivery guy thinks I am a hermit. It is a solid delivery spot in Silver Spring and I want nothing more.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/19/2012,809,288,7,9,7>I'm baaaaaack! After Timpi, the store manager contacted me to say that they created a nut less tikka sauce. After work, I came in kind of undercover. The employees were still excited and the customer service was still good. I asked for the nut less tikka sauce and I got it over a rice bowl with chicken, chick peas, diced purple onions, peppers, and cheese to go. Then, my eyes caught the mango lassie so I got one of those as well.  The lassie is made fresh everyday; you can taste the fresh mango, and it's not real thick.Then, I started in on the chicken bowl with tikka sauce. Okay now, I finally got the full connection of flavors, which I loved! The tikka sauce was rich, creamy, and well seasoned, the chicken was tender, everything blended. This component is what really makes ethnic food so irresistible, all of the ingredients have to blend, and to do this Spice 6 took the time to marinate the chicken and slow cook that tikka sauce. I look forward to new additions such as the salted lassie, coming soon, and trying the tikka sauce on pizza. I'm glad I gave this place another shot, with or without nuts Spice 6 is filled with lots of flavorful possibilities.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/22/2012,11/18/2012,3479,394,18,22,18>Every now and then I have these "food urges" for either a specific dish or a specific cuisine.  On this day, I was craving some Caribbean cuisine.  My trusty Yelp app led me to discover Tropicana Eatery, which was in the vicinity of where I was running errands.  This is a local Caribbean restaurant chain that focuses on Jamaican comfort food.  This particular location is a small space found in the Marlow Heights Shopping Center and just steps away from the movie theater.  The interior has a few tables available for dining in.  Interestingly, it also has a large and very comfortable couch and huge television complete with cable......makes you feel like you're in a lounge.  Unfortunately though, you're  zapped back into reality by the gruff service of the staff.  They tend to be disinterested and seem to run out of even the most basic menu items....like bread for their sandwiches.  BREAD!All that aside, the food is decent.  Their jerk chicken sandwich has the potential to be great.  The chicken is well seasoned and comes in a generous portion size.  It is also paired well with the toppings (lettuce, tomato, green peppers, ranch dressing).  The dressing in particular adds some tang to the sandwich.  The drawback is the chicken is kinda dry, likely due to either being overdone or not being fresh.Their patties (turnovers) are gigantic.  I didn't know whether to eat it or use it to patch up the hole in the ozone layer.  The shell of the patty is chewy as opposed to being dry like at other places.  The fillings (there's beef, chicken or vegetable) are all ok tasting but not necessarily fresh either or of the highest quality.  The beef in particular is pasty, like they use some sort of premade beef filling that was purchased elsewhere.  The prices actually reflect a reasonable value, especially considering that you're getting lower end ethnic fast food.  Think of it as KFC, Caribbean style!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,11/17/2012,104,126,2,5,3>Sushi/Hibachi restaurants are a dime a dozen, and it's rare to find one that truly sets itself apart, but Sake has won me over! You could literally drive past Sake over and over again, and you'd never give it a second thought. It has a simple and somewhat "fancy" atmosphere. Not, upscaleposhwe'retoocoolforyou fancy, but nor is it the Teppanyakitackytothemax fancy. We took my mom and dad here for their anniversary dinner and they loved it! We skipped the whole hibachi show, but did order a bunch of food. Service: Not a single complaint. Everyone in the restaurant greeted us, and our waitress took great care of us. We had a few other waitresses come by to pick up our plates as soon as we finished dishes. Food:Sushi was amazing. Some of the best sushi I've had in the DMV. The sashimi was incredibly refreshing. I'm not a big raw-foods person, but even I took a few bites.Seafood salad: small, but delicious!Udon: B+. I've had better, but this one packed a great broth and flavor. Fried Ice Cream: Skip! The ice cream was melted by the time we dug into it.All in all, fantastic place for a dinner. Still marveled that something so awesome is so close and tucked away!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/16/2012,11/16/2012,420,334,2,8,3>Now that business has picked up, there are some things that I enjoyed the first go around that have deteriorated.The risotto (a favorite the last time I went) was really disappointing this time. The night's special was a pea risotto, and the dish that came out was a bowl of oversized peas with some rice scattered throughout. It wasn't a risotto! I felt gipped.Usually their salads are spot on...but the fennel orange salad was HORRIBLE. Whoever was overseeing the seasoning failed. We got a lot of bites of straight up salt. It was also drenched in dressing. Very unappealing taste to start the meal.And oh no to the pizza. The first time I came, the uovo was stellar, but now...it doesn't seem like there's any quality control. We got two pizzas, and both had plentiful burn bubbles. One of the pizzas even had a hole in the center with another burn bubble. I don't like having to eat my pizza like I'm avoiding mines. Also, their crust is increasing in width, making there be not much pizza to it left. We were seated with a view to the brick oven, and I saw all the pizzas coming out in varying degrees of burn. Not interested in their pizza again... sticking with CS now where they put tender loving care in every pie. While the night was busy, the service wasn't as amazing as the first 2 times I came to SuGo. When I first came, the waiters were over the top excited about Sugo's concept and explaining the menu, and were very attentive. Today, it was just like going to any other restaurant...and was disappointed that it took 3 times to ask for something, and that they took our utensils unknowingly before the food came out (utensilness, hungry and food-staring sess ensued). The best part of the night was their free bread (which is perfectly toasted with the sweet butter).Sugo, please don't lose your sparkle!!!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,11/15/2012,196,461,2,5,3>I have to give them another star after our last visit. Here's the breakdown:Service-excellentMojito-the classic was lacking.  Too much sugar, tiny pieces of mint that got stuck in my throat, and just not that good.Chicken empanada- greasy, but delicious.  Not spicy and free with my yelp check in!House Salad-Large, fresh and crisp.Lechon Asado-salty but very good.  The citrus helps cut down on the sodium.Rice-white rice is sticky, but in a good way and a huge portion.Vegetarian Black Beans-Flavorful and less salty than the regular.Chocolate Cake-Basic grocery store chocolate cake.  Not made in house and just okay.Tres Leche Cake-better than the last time.  I was jealous of my hubby's dessert.After this visit, I would come back when I'm craving some Cuban food.  Make sure you call ahead and check the specials menu too!
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2013,10/17/2013,303,800,4,5,4>The roommate and I are slowly, but surely eating our way through every Chinese restaurant in our new hood- Rockville. Last week we finally made it to East Dumpling House.I did my best to order in Chinese but at some point, they could tell I was struggling. Sigh. Despite my language barrier mishaps, we managed to order a lamb kabob and beef kabob - $1.75/kabob (why we only ordered 1 of each is beyond me...) which were so so tasty. Reminds me of the yangrou chuanr I used to eat in Beijing. I coulda crushed like 4 of these. We clearly need to return and order far more than we did, so if you want to sample everything, you need to come with more than 2 peopleFor our dumplings, we had the pork and chive and the shrimp and corn. The pork and chive dumplings were my favorite for sure. The wrapper was perfectly made and just the right thickness. Pork filling was juicy and flavorful. The shrimp/corn ones were good too but the ratio of shrimp to corn was kind of awful. It should really just have been called a corn dumpling because there was hardly any shrimp inside.The table next to us did a far better job in ordering but now we know for next time. Lots of kabobs, more dumplings and also the eggplant!They take cash and credit but also give you something for free if you pay with cash. And they validate parking. So-- if you plan on coming here, 1. invite me and 2. bring some cash.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,10/16/2013,73,233,,6,2>Curry Leaf is a gem within an otherwise uninteresting strip shopping center in Laurel.  Housed in the former home of Asahi Sushi, they've transformed the space into a very tasteful and elegant restaurant in olive green, rich wood, and jewel tones.  When we visited on a Friday night, they were packed, which is pretty fantastic after only a few months of existence!  The first thing I noticed about the menu was in the intro - the head chef of Curry Leaf was previously the head chef of Udupi Palace in Langley Park, which closed a few years ago to make way for a new Walgreens.  Udupi Palace used to be my favorite Indian restaurant, hands down, so I knew we were in for a treat if we'd (accidentally) tracked down their head chef in his new restaurant!  With this in mind, we specifically went for vegetarian dishes because that's what Udupi served, but the menu was incredibly diverse in meat and veggies - including specialties from Sri Lanka, Iran, and Afghanistan!   The waitstaff is very attentive, but I love that this restaurant serves water in a carafe, so you can refill your own glass if a bit of chili goes down the wrong way.  We ordered the Hyderabadi Mirchi Ka Salan, a vegetarian curry with a coconut base (which reminded me a tiny bit of Thai cuisine in those base flavors).  We also ordered the Curd Rice, which is a nicely seasoned yogurt-and-rice mixture that is served cold with a side of Indian citrus pickles (one of my favorite things).  We finished up with Gulab Jamun (a classic I always enjoy) with some Masala Chai (delicious and refreshing even when it was disgustingly hot and humid outside).  This was plenty of food for two, so I'll have to go back to try more things - especially their Sri Lankan egg curry, the Indo-Chinese menu (I adore Gobi Manchurian elsewhere, can't wait to try it here), and everything else on the dessert menu.  We were visiting during dinner, but the lunch buffet still had its signs up - it looks like one of the broader spreads for a local Indian buffet, especially if they have all of those things on the weekdays!  Can't wait to return.  In the meantime, I'm going to go devour the leftover Curd Rice that's in my fridge.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/15/2013,142,265,5,6,6>I can't review too much because I always come here to beeline right towards the deli counter. I am simply in love with their "crunchy broccoli salad" that uses mustard and vinegar as the dressing---NOT MAYO =)I do appreciate their wine selection, especially in MD going to the county stores they all carry the same stuff so you can find fancier things here. Also their gift basket aisles make good pairings for hostess gifts.I will comment on their produce though, disclaiming I have not tried it. I have only looked at ...as I said on my way to the deli counter. They look fresh, but their prices are more expensive than Whole Foods and I simply refuse. That's that.Shout out to "Sahar R." for her hilarious comment, I must re-post, quote and agree:This is the perfect supermarket for snoburbia with over priced groceries, gourmet items, and is so filled with curmudgeonly old people you might think this is God's waiting room (no offense, but these are not the nice grandma/grandpa types,they are ready to run you over at 2 MPH with their carts).
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,10/14/2013,15,131,,5,1>We dine here often. It is my husband's favorite place to go for their chicharrones sandwich. I've had many things on their menu and have enjoyed every one (even the marinated beef hearts). They don't have many side options like you would typically see at a peruvian chicken chain, but what they have is delicious.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,10/13/2013,31,39,3,8,4>If you're a seafood fan do yourself a favor and hit up Nantucket's Reef.  My boyfriend and I visited for their grand opening, and we were both very impressed.The decor is done in a nautical theme: think white wainscoting, sailboats and wood floors.  I was reminded of visits to the family cottage in summers past.  We were seated at a nice table for two against a curved banquet. Our server Tim visited us promptly and was pleasant, friendly and knowledgeable. He let us know that all the seafood in the restaurant was fresh and bragged that 'the only thing that's frozen in the kitchen is the ice cream'.   He suggested we order the Wicked Mussels as an appetizer and we're glad he did.  They came out quickly and were perfectly cooked- not rubbery, not fishy, no grit from improperly cleaned mussels.  The sauce is to die for.  It's spicy and dotted with chorizo and pico de gallo.  The smokiness of the chorizo lends a little something extra and we were both dredging our bread to sop up the sauce long after the mussels were eaten.We had a hard time picking our entrees since their menu is filled with delicious sounding options and we happen to be voracious seafood eaters.  I settled on the New England Stuffed Cod.  I can honestly tell you I've never had better cod in my entire life.  It was beautifully flaky and mild in flavor, the perfect compliment for lump crab meat inside. The delicate butter sauce that was drizzled on top didn't overpower the fish.  It came with a side of rice and veggies in ample proportions.  The boy ordered the Short Smoked Salmon, which was also a beautiful piece of seafood, flaky and cooked to perfection.  He was quite happy with it and ate every last bite despite protesting that he 'couldn't possibly eat a bite more' several times.  The meals were served with homemade cornbread rolls and maple butter. Hats off for that butter, it is something else.  If they sold it in jars to bring home I'd be eating some right now.Their drink menu is good and they have paid attention to stocking interesting and varied craft beers alongside some of your favorites.  The wine list has something for every palette and price point.  We never made it to desert, but there are a few interesting choices offered: whoopie pie, anyone?All in all, we left incredibly full, very happy and planning to return.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,10/12/2013,126,106,2,4,5>Just.What.I.Needed. Let's throw a few things out there, before you even start reading this review. I've been searching for a quiet, calm, and relaxing place to write. Every Starbucks I've ever been to is filled with hipsters galore. It bothers me...so very much. You can imagine my delight when I found this place.The coffee is fresh and delicious. The service is attentive and quick. Nobody bothers you. Wi-fi is automatically available, no need to enter a password. Couches are comfy. People keep to themselves. Music plays softly in the background. Everything is absolutely perfect. The omelets are deliciously fluffy and there's an array of sandwiches to choose from...or do what I do, and order another coffee :) Definitely worth checking out!!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,10/11/2013,420,334,6,4,3>My stinky labrador gets stinky fritos feet and all that odor gets trapped between his paws, and they've accommodated by trimming his fur there without extra cost. And they do it so well. His paws come out brand spankin' black and trimmed (with the exception of once where they missed 1 paw), and his entire body is soft, fluffy and shiny. And he smells like a hair salon for a long time, lasting much "longer" than it would after a wash at Petsmart. After Petsmart, he was all shaky and wacky, with flaky hair the few days after... but he is much calmer after leaving the Groomery with no flaking. Plan on leaving your dog for most the day, otherwise pay extra to get him washed and out sooner. Also book ahead, as appointments fill up quickly. Have your dog eliminate prior to getting there, as there isn't much grass for your dog to do his/her deed on.PS: Beware of black cat that blends really well in the reception area. My dog was curiously sniffing at something in the corner until I heard a *hiss*. Hilarious. Cat can fend for itself, but if you have a very curious dog who oversteps others' boundaries, watch out.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/10/2013,80,122,2,9,3>This place is an institution in College Park and every time I've had the gyro pita, I've had the same consistency in product. The lunch deal is $8.60 for the gyro pita and it comes with their famous fries and a drink. If you eat in, you get to enjoy their vinaigrette sauce that needs no introduction to the fries and sandwiches. The tzatziki sauce is one of the best I've ever had--extra garlicky with a creamy finish. So delicious and pairs perfectly with the thinly sliced onions.  Upon another Yelper's suggestion, I paired it with the birch beer and I honestly could  not have asked for anything more.Great gyro, convenient location, excellent flavor pairing of each of the components. You don't need schmancy food for it to be good food.Min credit: $5; metered parking
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2013,10/9/2013,2,130,2,2,3>I love that this place is across the street from my house.It serves dual purposes - a little mom and pop Thai restaurant and a Thai supermarket.  Can't beat it.The food is delicious, always fresh and authentic.  Flavors are good - and a good spicy when it needs to be.  They have great options to order and also a food bar where you can choose 2 - 4 items in one plate with rice.  A great deal.  Their chicken sticks are always ready and flavorful and succulent ... and a good snack to hold you over until another meal if needed. And while you wait for your order ... you can shop for all your Thai/Asian cooking needs!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2013,10/6/2013,813,255,3,10,8>This place is pretty insane.  It's this massive industrial warehouse, with almost every possible inch completely filled with used books.  There are no magazine racks, internet cafes, or juice bars.  Just books.  There's a general location subject map at the front, and then you head off on your search.  I've never asked anyone for assistance, because the hunt is the best part of the trip.  You can easily get lost in there for hours, and leave with a load of books for less than a dinner out.I usually head there with some general books in mind that I'm looking for, and that's where things start.  Then I run into two other categories of books...those I was interested in and forgot about, and those I didn't realize I was interested in.  It's like one idea or possible lead turns into five or ten more, and you just keep going.  Every now and then you have to step outside for some sunlight and fresh air, but then you dive right back in and gladly keep going for more.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,3/14/2014,3479,394,37,52,46>Damn.  I wish I knew where to begin about Volt.  I have a lot that I could say....but I don't want be repetitive given the things other Yelpers have mentioned. Oh f*ck it, I'm just gonna let my fingers run the show.  I've wanted to try this place for a while, especially being a fan of the Top Chef series.  Impressed by the work of Chef Bryan Voltaggio, I finally made reservations.  The occasion was set- celebrating a friend's home ownership and birthday.  Funny thing, the night before my dinner at Volt, I had been scanning the menu.  Everything seemed so foreign, by that I mean that the dish combinations seemed disjointed and really didn't make sense.  How could something that doesn't sound good....taste good?The service here is not only top notch, it's among the best I've ever received anywhere in the world (hey, I get around...round and round....round and round- Tupac).  The staff is extremely professional in the way they interact with customers.  They are also very meticulous towards following a routine with regards to changing silverware, refilling cups, taking away plates, etc.  Our server, Chip, was absolutely on top of his game as he and the rest of the staff guided us through the menu, explained the components of each dish once they were brought out and checked to ensure the food was to our liking.  Plus, the staff had a synchronized "too cool for school" look with their Chuck Taylors on.   I tried the Chioggia Beet (Amuse-Bouche), Tuna Tartare, Sourdough Linguini, Beef Coulotte, Katahdin Lamb, Frozen Chocolate Mousse and a variety of complementary items.   The Beet was dehydrated, filled with goat cheese, and lightly sprinkled with cocoa on top.  It became crunchy (think popcorn) and once you bite into it, the creaminess, saltiness and tanginess of the cheese shines through.  Odd dish that works. The Tuna Tartare was delicious.  It was served with a foam as well as a variety of sauces.  The avocado sauce paired wonderfully with the tartare, which was seasoned perfectly and had great texture.  The Sourdough Linguini also comes with olde salt clams, smoked potato and chives.  The linguini is perfectly prepared.  The clams have an assertive flavor and may be an acquired taste, but somehow the dish comes together and works.  Witchcraft I tell you, witchcraft! The Katahdin Lamb is braised with hulled barley, roasted in the drippings, slowly cooked and basted with rosemary and garlic. It's served along with lacinato kale and finished with juniper and fragrant laurel sauce.  The lamb was nicely prepared and had a balance of being firm and tender.  The barley had a bit of a resemblance to firm risotto, which paired very well.  Again, the magicians at Volt made it work.The Beef Coulotte (aka top sirloin) came with sugar snap peas, carrots, vadouvan and coconut yogurt.  Star of the meal for me.  Probably the best meat dish I've ever had.  The presentation just popped and got me drooling.  The meat didn't just taste as good as it looked, it was even better.  So tender and juicy, it pretty much makes you look down on all other steakhouses.  The way they were able to extract so much flavor in each bite was phenomenal.  I'd make the 45 minute to 1 hour drive to Frederick every week just for this dish.The Frozen Chocolate and Hazelnut Mousse came with a play on toasted marshmallow, crushed chocolate chip cookie, frozen custard with salted peanuts, caramel sauce, and a brownie crumb.  Again, that old McDonald's slogan- "Do you believe in magic?", popped in my head.  It doesn't look like much presentation-wise but once you start eating.....MAN!  Good stuff!  It's like they created a chocolate/marshmallow cake batter concoction that just kept the flavor party going.Throughout the meal, there were a number of other dishes that were brought out on the house, which is not only a nice touch, but adds to the overall value of the experience.  One notable dish is a coffee cake that's infused with brown sugar and cayenne pepper.  It's packaged as a parting gift and lemme tell you- hell of a late night/breakfast treat.  It's no secret that this place isn't particularly cheap, but it's not that bad, all things considered.  Bill came to around $120.  Volt is not a restaurant, it's a freaking experience.  In order to fully enjoy it, the key is to walk in with an open mind and without specific expectations.  Essentially, you're handing over control of your palate to the chefs, who guide you through a culinary adventure that is memorable.  Absolutely the best restaurant in the DC metro area, and there is no competition.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,3/13/2014,60,103,1,5,3>Guardados is located just off the beaten path in downtown Bethesda. They offer a tapas menu as well as a entree style menu. This review is really based on the tapas menu, although I will go back to try the paella and entrees. Of the 10-15 items we tried, the standouts were the sautéed squid and the stuffed peppers. We also enjoyed the filet mignon with mushrooms, chorizo with manchego cheese and the ceviche which tasted perfectly bright and citrusy. The margaritas were on point and the service was snappy without feeling rushed. We were surprised to see that the restaurant was emptying out around 8:30 on a Friday. We will certainly return and explore more of the menu!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,3/12/2014,27,22,3,10,5>Ate brunch here this past Saturday morning. We were one of two tables seated, but we like to eat early on the weekends.This was our first time here and the staff couldn't be more friendly. My wife got the cinnamon roll and requested strawberries on top. I got the chicken and waffles. The food was tasty and not too heavy. Beer, wine, and mixed drink selection was pretty decent.The music...well, it made this place.We walked into the middle of Jil Scott and The Roots playing. Whoever picked the music needs a raise. Very different and unexpected, but LOVED it!We will definitely be back.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2013,3/11/2014,27,87,,6,4>Stopped here this afternoon for a little snack, which included a chocolate chip cookie, an apple turnover, and a molasses cookie.  The man who waited on me I think is one of the co-owners and he was very nice and helpful.  The choc chip was underwhelming- I mean, you could tell that it was made that morning... but would have been better fresh out of the oven (of course!).  I enjoyed the molasses cookie- you could tell it was definitely fresh!  The  turnover was my absolute favorite though!  I threw it in the microwave for about 15 seconds when I got home- It was flaky and just the right amount of crispy on the outside.  The inside was delicious without being overwhelming with apple.  Loved it!  Wanted to buy a slice of apple pie, but they only had a whole one for sale... I'll be back to try it later though because it looked amazing!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/10/2014,136,1232,2,12,3>You step into this place you step into a new world you never thought existed.I had the pleasure of dining here with Fenny L, Alicia G, Alicia C and other friends of ours. This place offers Uzbek food done really well.The place is small so reservations highly recommended. Can't guarantee how well they'll honor your reservation as when we arrived there we still had to wait 10-15 minutes (at least) before being seated.  Service was friendly though spotty at times on this busy night.Had a great time exploring the menu here.  Overall the dishes were perfectly cooked with tender meat and hearty vegetables.  I sensed a lot of dottings of cumin seeds as the main seasoning, which added flavor but not as robustly when it's used in A laundry list of all the dishes we had here were:Beef tongue with horseradish - perfectly tender though mild in flavor, accented with what horseradish and capers you'd eat it with.  It reminds me of the beef that's cooked before you put it into those beef noodle soups (before it soaks up the flavor of the soup).Shurpa - hearty soup.  deliciousBorscht - not the pink beet soup I've had before.  This is more savory with aromatics and more tomato-base looking.  Very hearty and very delicious.Non - like a cross between a pita in size and a bagel in texture.  Mildly flavored (like breads would be) so it's good to accompany the other dishes you'll try there.Lamb kabob - very flavorful and tender.Plov Meat Samsa Manti - thicked skinned dumplings were tender.Dum gaza - braised oxtail.  mildly flavored with sprinklings of cumin seeds (seems to be found in most of the dishes I had here, but then I could have been sensitive to its presence at the time).Chicken tabaka - not really chicken but Cornish hens.  Flavorful and not gamey like Cornish hens could get.Jam - dessert, which consists of a small dish of your jam of choice (we had both the quince and the cherry ones) and a plateful of small wafer-like butter cookies.  You get much more jam than cookies but it was still delicious.  I liked the quince best (if anything because I usually don't have much quince in my life).Uzbek food done really well and served in a great atmosphere.  Not something I'm too interested in but it's worthy trying it out.  See for yourself.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2014,3/9/2014,145,120,4,9,4>Probably the best bar food I've ever had. It's not "OMG I am going to Looney's for their food"-good but good compared to everywhere else. Their crab nachos are great as well as their mozzarella sticks. The fried pickles are decent (they're sticks, not slices, if you have a preference). I've also had their honey old bay wings and they were interesting but in a good way! Drinks are standard - good happy hour. $2.50 rails, $2 domestics, $2.50 wine, and $5 crushes between 3-7pm on weekdays.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,3/8/2014,226,296,1,7,3>I can't believe I would give a five star review to a hardware store but this place is really a great place.  It's not huge but it seems to have everything you could possibly want in a hardware store and then some.It's also great because there is actually plenty of staff around who will ask if you need help and actually know where things are, take you there and answer any questions you might have.  You won't find that at Lowe's or Home Depot.It's also reasonably priced. Sure. It's in Bethesda and they could probably get away with charging more but they don't. If you live anywhere near a Strosniders you should go here first before any of the big box places.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/7/2014,24,115,1,7,7>There's brilliance on a lot of levels here.The waffles themselves are fantastic, light and crispy.  Forget about traditional waffles (for the time being) as this place does something quite different:  waffle sandwiches.  You couldn't make a sandwich out of traditional waffles as you'd be full in three bites, but the light ones here are much better for this purpose.  The selections are fantastic, and my mozzarella/arugula/tomato and mango/brie waffles were perfect.  Excellent vegetarian options and really just a terrific format with great execution.Is this location in a mall?  Yes.  Is it right next to a McDonalds?  Sure.  But that's actually not such a bad idea.  Their product can be prepared quickly and is really great for light meals or lunch.  The waffles I had at this location were perfectly well prepared and the staff was super nice.  Easily trumps the usual food court fare.  There should be one of these in every mall in America, frankly.But this place is good enough to actually make me go to a mall solely for that purpose -- that's how good these waffles are.  This is real innovation!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,3/6/2014,75,201,3,8,7>Maybe, just maybe, I'm a tad bit biased, a tad bit overexcited, but this concept is so (seemingly) rare in the DC area. A cafe that gives me all the gluten free versions of things that I miss and does it well!  I ordered the chicken steak sub which came with a choice of either chips or an apple and ordered a gluten free velvet cupcake. The chicken sub was very delicious and filling and the cupcake was hands-down the best gluten free cupcake I've had to date AND it wasn't overpriced (I'm sending a side eye your way for that one, CakeLove). It's so difficult to find one spot with so many gluten free options that they had to make a separate menu for them all, and for so many of the items to actually taste good! I'm beyond ecstatic. Admittedly, my excitement got the best of me and I was a bit of an gluttonous yelper that day....however, I must say that I regret nothing.  And unlike some other supposed gluten-free items, Lilit's didn't leave me with the next-day accidental glutening effect that I've come to know and loathe. I think they take great care in making sure there's no cross-contamination which can be overlooked by some places that offer gluten-free fare but don't take those extra (but VERY necessary) precautions.  When you enter it can be a bit awkward. it's part cafe, part store with no divider so your table could get bumped into by someone who is shopping in the aisle depending on where you end up sitting. They also sell wine/beer.  Servers might need some waving down to settle your bill, but they don't harass you every three seconds either.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,3/5/2014,126,106,5,13,10>This place deserves 5 stars for the tots...and wide selection of beer! The selection changes from day to day, so I like to try a new one every time. Oh yeah, and don't forget those delicious burgers and fries. Now let's move on to the ambiance. The seating may be somewhat cramped and the location might be a little strange...but the people make up for it! Walking down those stairs into a hidden door makes it feel...exclusive. They sometimes have live music which really adds to the whole hipster/divebar/random vibe you get from this place. The pricing is very reasonable considering how delicious the food tastes. It's kind of like a high school party, with a ton of alcohol, good food, and ages that range from 21-51. And a jukebox. Please remember the jukebox.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,4/13/2014,77,235,,7,3>Let me start off by saying I loved this spot!  Hanging out in the area, I've always been intrigued by the cloud of smoke coming from this establishment!  I personally LOVE BBQ and soul food so this place was on my list!  I went in during lunch time so upon entry, there weren't that many people inside!  However, the ladies behind the counter were so welcoming and extremely helpful.  My guy and I were trying to figure out what we would get since it was both our first time here.  However, the ladies behind the counter explained the ordering process and gave us samples of the peach cobbler, macaroni and cheese, and the greens!  I thought I was in heaven!  And when I say sample, it was no spoon to taste, it was a little cup with at least 4 bites in each!  And believe me, they were delicious!We ordered the half chicken half rib combo platter that came with 2 sides!  It was a very good deal about $14.  First off, let me start off with the good!  The chicken!  That was some good chicken.  But as a previous Yelpers have stated, the ribs, were just ok!  I've had better!  They were just a little too tough and burned on the under side!  Now we all know about the burnt ends, but these were nasty; especially since we got the sauce on the side!  We also got the greens and the baked beans!  Both of which were very good!I loved this place!  The chicken and the sides alone are reason enough for me to return!  The prices are great, the portions are huge, and the staff were so nice and welcoming!  Definitely a place I would go to again, just not having the ribs!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,4/12/2014,7,20,2,6,4>This is currently my favorite Indian buffet in the DC area.  The meat selections were tender, the naan was fresh out of the oven, and there were several vegetarian options.   Nothing on the buffet was overly spicy.  We're fortunate to have this place in Bethesda.I should also mention that I arrived right before the lunch buffet closed, and everything was FRESH! I couldn't believe it.  Even the Tandoori chicken was glistening fresh from the oven.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,4/11/2014,76,458,3,6,4>The food was definitely good and the portions were generous. The falafel sandwich was huge! It's served with toasted ciabatta bread instead of pita which adds even more of a crunch- me likey! I also how they balance the sweetness of the tzaziki with red pepper flakes. The pommes were very, very good! Hard to finish them when that huge falafel sandwich but at least I had a snack for later. They have ketchup and vinegar for dipping. The bite of JV's veal schnitzel sandwich was pretty good too. While the food came out fairly quickly, it takes awhile to order due to them only having one register, and because customers seem to have a lot of questions about the German Turkish fusion menu. Btw, you can't take your beer outside pending their liquor license approval. Great addition to downtown Frederick!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,4/10/2014,794,1145,9,18,12>This newcomer is a welcome addition to Downtown Silver Spring, but a fast food burger joint right next door to a gym?  That's pure evil.  Healthy?  No.  Locally sourced and environmentally friendly?  Yes.  Yes.I was prepared to not like their VegeFi Burger, but I loved it!  It's on the small side, but it's only $5.97; two dollars cheaper than BGR's. There's a bigger difference between the two other than price.  BGR's is made from brown rice, black beans and molasses.  BurgerFi uses quinoa and tops it with a [thin] slice of white cheddar.  It's juicy, like five napkins juicy.On to the fries.  Are they trying to kill me?!  I forgot my camera phone at home, but I am sure someone will eventually post a pick of these. I ordered a regular (small) portion of their "Secret Menu" Urban Fries. (They're not really a secret, as it's listed on the menu board.)  What I got was enough to feed a family of four.  I kid... really just enough to satisfy two.  Only order these if you are prepared to share.  The Urban Fries are laced with Parmesan and herbs, and drizzled with a garlicky aioli sauce.  Who doesn't love aioli sauce.  I just like typing aioli.  They're delicious, but I barely made a dent.  I just ate the top layer that were covered in...aioli sauce.  Remember what your Kindergarten teacher taught you:  It's nice to share.  There's one long wooden (communal?) table and about thirteen 4 seater square tables, along with window seating. They bumped back to entrance to make room for covered outdoor seating in the nice weather.  Not much of a view, but still nice.It wasn't too busy around 1pm on a Saturday, but people started filtering in. I imagine if it were packed it would be extremely noisy in here.  The music was blaring:  something between what you'd hear in an Urban Outfitter meets H&M  kind of place.I'm sure this place will be a hit.  It's not your cheapest option in DTSS, but it's a smart one.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,4/9/2014,366,485,5,8,3>I HATE paper work, and filling forms - I am the kind of person who messes up a form for a gym membership and can't answer where I lived for the past 6 months without some furious calculations in my mind (and still come up with a weird confused answer). If you hand me a form to fill, i'm like a deer in headlights - dazed, confused and ready to dart off in the opposite direction. Needless to say, form filling and legal paperwork is NOT for me. Raj makes the entire process painless and hassle free. Once we got seated, he asked me a bunch of questions in a very conversational manner and before 30 minutes were up- he was done! I have worked with 3 different people at Refund Plan, I have to say that Raj is the best! I would wait  a while to have him do my taxes, than let someone else touch my W2s really! Which is what brings me to the one star I took off - the wait can be abysmal - even with an appointment made a week in advance. I have never been here without waiting at least an hour - and given that this year I got my taxes out of the way in mid Feb (when people are not yet running around frantically for a CA), I would have expected a lower wait time. However, while I was waiting this time, Raj came out personally and told me he would be with me soon and take care of my taxes himself (I had insisted on the phone that my appointment be made with him and no one else). All in all, I am glad my taxes are out of the way sooner than later .. without much ado too.. thanks to Raj!Oh by the way, I decided that I if I waited and thought too much about what my first review was going to be, the year would get over haha! Sooo.. this is my first review for 2014!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/8/2014,89,165,3,5,4>I AM A FAN! My husband and I had dinner her last night (Wednesday) and we are both so happy that we kept our reservation despite the monsoon rain going on outside. My husband was enjoying drinks at the bar when I arrived and we were instantly seated. Of course I was running late trying to be as glam as possible for him and when I arrived I need a drink or two myself. I ordered a mojito and was impressed by the wine and cocktail menu. It was really good. Kudos to the awesome bartender. We got a deal off living social for the 3 Course Prix Fixe Menu so we were given that menu as well as the a la carte menu in-case we wanted something extra. For our starters we got the tapas sampler  (hummus, mixed Spanish olives, marinated red peppers (*DELISH!*) and flatbread), fresh seafood ceviche, and we added  the lump crabmeat stuffed mushrooms from the a la carte menu. Our tapas were so filling but being the foodies that we are, we had a little break and enjoyed our drinks, and then ordered our main courses. While we relaxed I spotted Chef Tony from the corner of my eye and I had to speak to him! I did not know that he would be there that night and I wanted to tell him that I had been internet stalking him and heard so many good things about his dishes as well as express how wonderful our meal was so far and how awesome his restaurant was. He was so kind to us, pulled up a chair and chatted with us. Of course we told him how much we love cooking and are true foodies, were interested in his cooking classes and wanted to do one for my birthday. He gave us his business cards and welcomed us back anytime and said he would gladly host a cooking class at his restaurant for my birthday this year!!!! (YAY ME!) Thank you Chef Tony!!!Now on to dinner:  My husband had the grilled organic salmon filet with crispy plantains and cucumber salad. The presentation of his meal was exquisite! I had the pan seared shrimp which was in a spicy tomato cream sauce and served with linguini. DELISH is not even a good enough word for this dish. My taste buds we jumping for joy with each bite. I definitly had a love affair with my food (sorry for the TMI but it was that good!). For desert my husband had the chocolate sin cake and I had the classic vanilla creme brulee topped with strawberries. Both desserts were VERY delectable and a perfect close to our dining affair. We will be back and heard that his brunch menu is awesome and accompanied by bottomless mimosas! I can't wait to have my birthday cooking class here!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,4/7/2014,60,50,2,8,4>This place has gotten me through college. From first dates to celebratory brunches to post-exam comfort dinners....I've tried almost everything on the menu and there isn't anything I wouldn't recommend.Here are some of the dishes I've really enjoyed over the years:Brunch--Florentine BenedictMekhlemeAssorted MuffinsAppetizers--Chicken QuesadillaHummus PlatterVegan NachosLunch and Dinner--Steak and Asparagus SaladGrilled Chicken PaniniShrimp and Chicken Chorizo Pasta Dessert--Mini Cherry PieChocolate Layer Cake
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,4/6/2014,100,115,,7,2>I'm guessing the quality has gone up? (Looks around at all the lower ratings from six months back.)Buffalo wings were bomb. Cheap, only $4.49 for 5 of them and they were hot, spicy, and above all, delicious. The place isn't fancy, but its in a shopping center/strip mall area so you shouldn't expect anything more than what it is.I also ordered a slice of Oreo Crumble Pie and it was heavenly. Thumbs up.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,4/5/2014,27,285,,5,4>This is a fantastic little coffee cafe that is run by an Ethiopian family who are some of the nicest people I've ever met.They know how to brew coffee here.  The espressos here are so incredibly fruity tasting, and the little puff pastries that are for sale are also quite delectable as well.Good brewed and prepared coffee, real nice simple comfortable setting where many locals sit and chat, nice ambiance, what more can you ask for.A perfect place to kill some time, or just grab a quick brew and forget going to the Starbucks instead.  Worth a stop if you are in the neighborhood.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,4/4/2014,51,85,6,11,7>Okay, it was Sunday night and the snow had not started to blanket the Washington metropolitan area,so what does a good Yelper do?  Yes, she orders Chinese to get through the storm. Shanghai Taste has all of the right ingredients to hunker through a snowstorm. The wonton soup is made with a rich, flavorful broth. There are loads of tender wontons filled with scrumptious pork filling.    I have to admit that I can't pronounce many of the dishes, but my sons help me phone in the order. Note to self, start taking Chinese so I can order myself. There is a delicious dish with chicken, beef, shrimp, and asparagus. It is a triple delight that will overwhelm the taste buds. It has a delicate and flavorful brown sauce that leaves you scraping the sides of the rice container to get every last drop.   The dumplings are to die for. My son likes the beef and black bean sauce. The chicken with cashews is another family favorite.   True confessions, I had dinner twice on Sunday night. It was that good. Located on Nelson Street in Rockville it is a hidden treasure and priced right to order everyone's favorite dish. So, if you are stuck  in the house waiting for the next snowfall take a chance or just looking for a new place to go this is the place to try. Just have a good friend to help you navigate the menu. You won't be sorry it is delightful and super yummy.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,5/26/2014,303,800,2,5,2>Good grief I love Honey Pig! I am loving this new location-- a little closer than its counterparts further out in Ellicott City and VA. The wait for a table is never long and the servers are very friendly and efficient.The meats are delicious, the ban chan plentiful and endless entertainment from the tvs blasting KPop music videos. I'm also a fan of the complimentary steamed egg and tofu soup with our dinner.You can never go wrong with Honey Pig. Well, maybe if you're a vegetarian. But then why are you at HP?
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2014,5/25/2014,72,215,3,5,1>I haven't reviewed La Malinche yet?MISTAKE it's amazing! I really want to go back after preparing my belly for their all-you-can-eat (AYCE) brunch experience. Here are some of the items I will ask them to bring multiple portions of at a time:- Pan a la Catalana: simple but good grilled bread with tomato, garlic, & butter- Datiles: I was surprised by how much I loooooved bacon-wrapped dates with cheese (I hate cheese) but these were SUPER good- Croquetas de Pollo: SUCH DELICIOUS CROQUETTES GET THESE but not when I'm there I don't wanna share these ever again- Calamares: you know calamari is usually a safe bet for yum-yum in your tum-tum- Gambas a la Cazula: sauteed shrimp (white wine, garlic) served with bread so you can mop up the nomminess- Churros: YES DO IT YUM SWEETThere is a reason this place is doing well on Yelp. The food is great, the people are nice, and it's almost right next to the Fillmore, so the locations is pretty amazing, too.I believe it's $30 for all you can eat and bottomless mimosas/sangria (and only $20 if you don't plan on drinking). I am definitely planning on treating myself when I find the right occasion (loving food counts as an occasion, right?) and having a yummy brunch here again someday soon!P.S. The art is really interesting at La Malinche! I'm assuming the paintings were done by Mexican artists, but it's definitely a conversation piece. Kind of hypnotizing... or how else would you explain how I kept getting hungrier while I was there?
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,5/24/2014,158,143,,7,5>We happened to come here on opening night for my belated birthday celebration and I'm so happy that we did! The menu is rather extensive - there is a large selection of pizzas, salads, and antipasti. On the other side, you'll find entrees and the customizable pasta dishes. Tagliatella favorites are indicated with the little pepper/leaf icon. The gnocchi was on point. Soft and delicate in a simple parmigiano truffle sauce, garnished with an egg on top and shaved parmigiano-reggiano, arrived at the table. With the hypnotizing scent of truffle wafting through the air, I began to envision myself coming here everyday for supper. Delicious!!The massive pizza oven that greets you as you enter the restaurant ignites curiosities into the pizza menu. The tagliatella pizza was thin and crispy; it would serve as a good appetizer for 3-4 people. The balsamic glaze that was drizzled on top was a game changer for me. I'm coming back for more :)Dessert was slightly disappointing. We finished things off with a tiramisu that came in a stem glass typically used for ice cream. There was a massive load of mascarpone cream and very little coffee-soaked ladyfinger. Definitely not enough to share amongst 4 people if your party has a big sweet tooth, with a maximum share capacity of maybe 2.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,5/23/2014,49,285,4,7,3>This is a great place to stop for a quick bite or to pick up carry out goods. We tried the Italian cold cut sub and a cheeseburger. Everything was a good price, tasty and of good quality. The service is friendly.  Besides sandwiches and subs they also have fried chicken, fried oysters and clams, steamed shrimp, burgers, breakfast items,etc. It's a tiny little historic country store. There are a few tables on the porch if you would like to eat there.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,5/22/2014,178,206,3,8,7>I like it! I had a hankering for a shrimp basket and searched just about all of the nearby places on Yelp that I could. The shrimp basket gives you 21 shrimp (very filling) and you can choose between fries or rice as a side. I've had both and they're good. I went inside the place and it seemed clean, didn't smell like grease or anything. Plus they deliver! Minimum order of $15.00. I also tried the wings, they were ok. I probably won't get those again. I had the shrimp basket twice, total winner!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,5/21/2014,60,103,4,8,8>I have found our new go-to Thai place! Background: I was first introduced to Sabai Sabai at a recent Yelp event and loved their Drunken Noodles and Chicken Panang Curry.  I knew I would visit before too long. Tonight: we made an initial reservation for 4, and then called an hour prior to add one more person. They were completely accommodating despite it being a busy Friday night. Upon being seated, we ordered a bottle of wine which presented with perfect bottle service which is a nice touch. The wine selection is not huge but the bottles they do have are pretty decent. We ordered family style: Yum Duck Salad, Drunken Noodles, Tofu Panang Curry, Spicy Catfish, Crispy String Beans, Chive Dumplings, and Pineapple Fried Rice. Every single thing was amazing save for the dumplings. There was nothing wrong with them per se, but they were not at the level of the rest of the dishes. The food overall was fresh, had complete flavor profiles, and was not heavy (and it shouldn't ever be). The service was on point despite it being a busy Friday, and we weren't rushed when we lingered a bit over wine. Yay for Sabai!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,5/20/2014,75,201,4,9,6>If you've been to Lebanese Taverna and come here looking for that full service restaurant experience you've come to the wrong place. But even with that fact in mind, should you find yourself in downtown silver spring give the little quaint establishment a try. The cafe menu has mezza (appetizers) sandwiches, platters & entrees and a kids menu. They're also very gluten-free friendly, labeling their gluten free options on the menu and providing gluten-free options on certain menu items. They has have an allergen menu and a variety of vegan and vegetarian options. There's usually plenty of enough space to sit inside or if you fancy you can sit outside in their patio and be front seat to some primo people watching. It's great for a casual outing or a quick lunch.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,5/19/2014,614,994,5,8,6>Most hilarious menu ever! Screaming Salmon...Victoria Secret Roll...Sexy Jalapeño! HA!  Love it.No, it's not authentic sushi by any stretch of the imagination, but this is MoVi and our options are slender (although, given a choice, I would definitely drive the extra 5 minutes and take a chance that Yuraku in Germantown isn't completely packed).  I've been here multiple times and there is never a wait.Just don't come here with my sushi-chef uncle, nor expecting anything but Americanized sushi, and you'll be fine.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/12/2014,5/18/2014,27,87,2,4,3>As a huge fan of Greek food, I went here after driving 20 minutes to find out that Gyromania (used to be nearby) is closed.  When I first walked in around 11:15, it was comfortably empty, and I was immediately greeted and waited on by a very friendly and gracious waiter.  It's kind of weird because even if you intend to stay and eat there, you order at the counter.  Although I think they usually just "call out" the orders and you retrieve them at the counter when they are ready, for some reason, a guy actually brought mine over to the table within 6 mins or so of me ordering.FOOD:  I didn't even realize it, but apparently Tuesdays are "$5 gyro" day, so my lamb gyro was $3 cheaper than normal.  I also ordered fries and a greek salad.  The whole order was ONLY $11 (crazy great deal!) and came with a free drink for some reason!  Awesome!  The gyro was decently packed with meat and add ons (see photo) - although I would have liked the outside of the gyro meat to be a little crispier, the meat was moist and flavorful.  (In retrospect, I saw the three kinds of meat turning on spits when I came in, and wish I would have chosen the pork which looked much crispier -- probably because people don't order it as often.)  My fries were crispy and delicious - dusted with Parmesan.  They did need a bit of salt though.  And finally, my salad was good - I enjoyed the seasonings they added to the vinegar and oil mix, and was pleased with the HUGE amount of feta included.All in all, a solid meal of WAY more food than I could ever eat in one setting (I ended up having to toss most of the fries and take home the rest of the salad) - and it was completely AFFORDABLE.  Check it out if you're in the area and craving Greek, but I wouldn't make a special trip just for it.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/23/2014,5/17/2014,24,115,5,6,4>The physical location is terrible and the place itself is not exactly spotless, nor is it expansive.  But it is well stocked with an enormous amount of wonderful things that are hard to find anywhere else.Vegetarianism has inclined me towards Indian food, which seems to me divided into two propositions.  You can get premade, frozen dals and masalas, which are in my opinion perhaps the best deliciousness-per-unit-cost proposition of any other food.  They are cheap, fast, easy, quite tasty/filling, and often relatively healthy -- can you think of anything else for which the same could be said?  In any case, PB has a great variety of these, moreso than Trader Joe's and the like for sure.Another approach to Indian food is much more delicious but requires enormously more effort.  Making your own authentic Indian meal seems to be an all-day affair, involving dump trucks of spices and filling your home with eye-watering aromas.  You can get everything you need for this adventure at PB, including bulk spices at what appear to me to be great prices.  The produce is not as impressive as the packaged goods at this location, but I've been able to find everything I was after.Many people will be put off by PB's location and the rather 'unrefined' appearance.  I can get past this, but if you can't, I would stay away.  But if you're looking for a place that can broaden your experience with Indian food on several levels, PB can definitely do the trick.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,11/26/2013,296,298,8,8,6>I spend all my babysitting money here. After frequenting this Panera eight times in the last month (dropping between $20-30 each visit), I can now form my All-Star dream team of Olney Panera employees. If I could visit this Panera on a perfect day, I would like to have Holly, Leah, and Emily as the three cashiers because they embody incredible customer service in addition to smartness. They also smile a lot, and that makes me smile. Winner is the honorable mention because he's cool, too. Izzy would be the barista and bread baker. Dustin, Mark, and Steven would be on the All-Star team for making the sandwiches and salads in the back because they are the hardest-working and think my friend and I are awesome customers (which we are). Karim is the honorable mention because there are only three employees who make the first team. These guys deserve a tip box for how amazing their sandwich creations taste so I made them a tip cup and put in $15. It is disgraceful that Panera forbids tip boxes for the employees when they make minimum wage.Franklin and Morgan are the best employees for keeping the Panera fresh and clean on the inside and out. And the manager who makes the All-Star team is Christie. She welcomes us with open arms every time we pop in for our 2 hours of debauchery.The only pastries that are worth ordering here are the chocolate croissant, cinnamon scone, coffee cake, brownie, chocolate chip cookie, flower cookie and pumpkin muffie. Everything else in the pastry department tastes bad. This includes the bear claw, blueberry muffin, cinnamon roll, chocolate walnut cookie, and carrot cake muffin.I recommend either the tomato mozzarella panini or the mediterranean veggie sandwich because they are vegetarian. You can substitute any type of bread into a sandwich. Also, you can order a cookie as the side (as opposed to an apple, baguette, or chips) when ordering a sandwich or salad for an additional one dollar. In that case, I'd recommend the flower cookie. You can find us here on Saturday and Sunday nights until closing. Panera isn't too busy at night, and the food still tastes pretty good. I feel like I'm part of the family.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,11/25/2013,205,327,4,6,4>You don't have to serve the best food in the world to get 5 stars from me, but you have to do what you are trying to do extraordinarily well and creatively. Located near the traffic mush where Rhode Island Avenue meets Hwy 1, Sardi's won't catch your eye, but if your nose draws you in with that crispy chicken smell, they will catch your taste buds. And honestly, standing in the 30 person line, the sight of a skewer of 5 crispy whole chickens turning, the drippings hissing onto fiery hot coals WILL catch your eye.Then you tell the chicken chopper what cut you want (leg & wing, thigh, or breast) and then SNIP FLOP WHAM WHAM BAM!! he grabs a chicken from the skewer, cuts the cords holding it together with ease, and quarters your chicken faster than a machine ever could. It's like the Hibachi of Peruvian chicken!He hands your plate to then next dude, moving the 30 person line along with efficiency, and you can choose 2 options from salad, rice, beans, cole slaw, fries or yucca root (I usually settle on the salad and fried rice) to go with your chicken, and then before you know it you have a plate of hot food and they're asking for your card and you have to turn around and find a seat among 30 identical tables brimming with happy faces.The star is the chicken. I haven't tried any of their other meats (I hear some do exist), but how could I when like 40 chickens start calling my name when I walk in the door? The skin is perfectly seasoned, the meat is moist, but well cooked, both the white and dark meat are delicious. And they serve it up with three little containers of sauce, a mild, a spicy, and a hot sauce, and they all go pretty well with anything - salad, chicken, a dash of hot sauce on the rice even. I usually class it up by getting orange Fanta! SHAZAM!
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,11/19/2013,366,485,1,8,3>When a middle aged lady in a hair net looks at you through the food truck window and says spicy will be very spicy, please please believe her! I tried the pollo tacos from El chilango and man were they hot and spicy! Totally worth the money and so yummy! The corn tortilla was fresh and the chicken was very flavorful - totally made up for the wasted visit to DMV! Will be back to try some of the other trucks too!Cauion - Must spend at least 10 bucks for using a credit card!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,11/18/2013,77,235,3,3,3>This places is connected to a laundry mat with is slightly odd to me!  However, I was hungry enough one night to go on in.  I stumbled in here one night after a night of fun with my guy!  There weren't a lot of people inside at the time, however, after placing our order it started to fill up!  It was the typical hood carryout with the bullet proof glass and the spinning order window!  LOL!  I thought it was hilarious!  But who cares, it s a carryout!  We ordered shrimp fried rice and chicken wings!  They do make you pay an extra 25 cents for an extra mambo sauce.  25 for a small and 50 for a large!  I thought it was funny, but whatever! The food was very good!  I was hungry as a mutha, but it was still good.  He has lived in that area for a long time and stated that he had never been in there before!  He too was surprised at how good the food was!  Either way, for a carryout the food was really good!  Definitely going back when I'm in that area and in the mood for that type of food!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/17/2013,62,211,2,3,5>I can't believe this is related to the Mandalay that used to be in College Park. Very cozy room, very helpful staff. I went with a group, and we passed dishes around, and frankly I lost track of which was which! But all were tasty, a sort of fusion of other cuisines in the region. Less brash than Thai, more robust than Cantonese. The beer of the day was Leffe Belgian ale, rich and smooth. A companion enjoyed the Mandalay Ale, brewed to spec by Old Dominion. Alas, we had no room to try the deserts. Worth braving the Silver Sprung congestion.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,11/16/2013,3479,394,39,44,40>Yelp expert Bobby K. comes through again providing folks with tips to places that they may not otherwise know about or find.  Desserts by Gerard is a very small and unassuming French bakery/pastry shop located in a weird little strip mall.  The surrounding area is not exactly known as the greatest, which means....lock your car doors.  The actual neighborhood the bakery is in is alright but a couple of wrong turns and you'll find out what a "hard knock life" means.  Chef Gerard is clearly a smart business man though.  Saving on overhead by being located in a lower rent area and coupling that with high end prices?  Oui Oui Monsieur!Fortunately for us consumers, the quality is absolutely worth it.  Walking inside, you may feel claustrophobic.  It's a pretty small space that is packed with goodies.  Strictly a grab and go spot.  If you're like me, an observant person who likes to look at everything before buying, you may be overwhelmed by all the options.  One thing that bugs me is not everything is labeled.  Pas Pas Monsieur!While there are several folks working there, including Chef Gerard, I would not say they're the friendliest bunch.  Good thing there's so many desserts to help keep the focus on what's really important!Being that it's my first time, I figured I'd sample a few things.  I went with a Turkey, Cranberry and Cheese Croissant Sandwich, Coconut Cake, and Three Mini Desserts- Chocolate Mousse, Pecan Pastry and a Vanilla-Lemon Cake.The Turkey, Cranberry and Cheese Croissant Sandwich is large and filling.  It's cut into two portions but it's like eating two whole regular sized sandwiches.  They're pre-made but the staff will heat it up for you upon request.  No skimping on any ingredients, the sandwich are stacked with moist turkey, gooey cheese, and sweet and tart cranberry sauce.  The croissant itself is thick and buttery. Y-U-M-M-Y.The Coconut Cake is hard to describe towards fully illustrating its awesomeness.  It's the mini version of a three layered cake.  Yes, you read correctly.  Three layers.  It's slathered in rich vanilla frosting and then smothered with shaved coconut, which gives you the perfect crunch with each bite.  For the calorie counters, be aware, this cake is rich and heavy.  Sooo good....*cue drool*.The mini desserts really give you a chance to get some variety with your choices.  They have group pricing starting off at 3 for $6 or so.  The Chocolate Mousse comes with a tiny spoon.  Cute!  The mousse is creamy with a perfect texture that's right in between thick and thin.  The chocolate flavor is rich and fluctuates between dark and milk.  Mmmmm.The Pecan Pastry looks awfully inviting.  Being more of a savory dessert, I enjoyed the pecan flavor but I found myself craving a little more sweetness.  Perhaps a little more frosting/cream on it or some brown sugar on top would help.The Vanilla-Lemon Cake comes with a raspberry on top that provides a bit of tartness at the end of each bite.  The primary flavors are obviously vanilla and lemon, both of which play off of each other well to create a sweet and sour symphony of flavors.  I also liked that the frosting for the cake was firm enough to maintain its texture instead of becoming a runny mess.  In the context of where it's located, Desserts by Gerard is in a league of its own.  What's even better is that it stands up well to dessert spots anywhere in the DC metro region.  The price point is a tad high but this is a perfect example of quality being worth it.  I shall bring my bullet proof vest and return!  :p
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,11/15/2013,133,187,2,5,4>Thank you Yelp for helping me find this place. I have driven by it so many times and had no idea it was a thrift store before Yelping it. Easy parking right out front and inside was a thrifter's wonderland. Shelves upon shelves of dishes, glassware, lamps etc. Furniture, from sofas, china cabinets and dressers to desks and side tables. Huge selection of light fixtures and light covers, gallons of deck stain and wall paint, tools, rugs, cabinetry and even tiny antique dolls. I was amazed at the selection and I do realize proceeds go to a great cause, however, prices were a tad steep compared to Goodwill and other thrift stores. Even so, the choices were amazing.Very cheerful cashiers and an email sign up sheet so they can email the weekly specials. Whoot! I love specials. I will be going back here often.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2013,11/14/2013,128,414,2,4,2>We headed to Bangkok Garden Restaurant for lunch around 1pm on a Sunday. There were a few other tables occupied, but it wasn't busy. The waiter was somewhat friendly but not particularly helpful when my friend had questions or requests. However, they were great at keeping my water glass full.I ordered a crispy shrimp cake ($7.50), pad thai ($10.95), and a diet coke ($1.50). The appetizers came out first, and the crispy shrimp cake was not great. It was actually 6 slices of shrimp cake, which were incredibly greasy and tasted more like greasy turkey sausage than shrimp cake. The pad thai tasted like most pad thai at casual restaurants- tasty, but slightly bland and not memorable at all. I also asked for more diet coke at one point, and when the bill came, I realized that they charged me per glass. First, I hate when restaurants do that for soda- it's tacky- but I wish the waiter had given me a warning, such as, "No problem- just to let you know, we charge per glass, would you still like another one?". I probably would have said yes anyway, but I would have left without feeling ripped off. My meal with tax and tip was about $23, and I definitely don't think it was worth that. It was an okay experience, but not memorable or interesting. Maybe we ordered the wrong things on the menu, or it was an off day on the kitchen, but we weren't impressed. I'd probably be back if other people suggested it, but I wouldn't initiate another visit here.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,11/13/2013,46,118,2,11,5>My friend was dying for me to take a free trial class at Soldierfit (SF). After visiting the website I decide to take the challenge. I have taken boot camp style classes before and wanted to maintain my exercise with this work out style. The Gaithersburg location was large, clean, and organized. The GM was fabulous giving me a tour and answering every question I had. He really spent time with me and I even got to preview a class for 15 minutes. The GM really didn't give me a sales pitch which I liked. He really gave me his passion of why he was there and how much SF meant to him. I think that's what really sold me!I ended up taking my free trial class on a separate day and it was amazing! It was DIFFICULT BUT I felt like I was on top of the world. I was finally getting back in gear, getting in shape, and most of all I had a new attitude. It was at my own pace and if I felt tired of if I couldn't do a certain exercise, the instructor would show me a modification or I would just take a break. Exercises include: Sprints, running, sledge hammers, tires, weighted ropes, TRX, weighted balls, kettle bells, and etc. Every class is a different workout and never the same. It is "military style" with highly trained/educated instructors, being on time for the class, and mandatory uniforms (SF shirts only). However, you have nobody screaming in your face to drop and give you 20 or calling you names etc. Instead, SF really promotes family. Hence the uniform; you want all your troops to be on the same team and not go against each other. This was such a big highlight when I joined SF. Everyone was being competitive within themselves and not others. As for the negative comments regarding the contract: people should really read before they sign. Everything is laid out in the contract regarding cancellations and payments. Awesome place to workout and be! Be prepared to sweat non-stop!Conclusion:Pros:-Excellent customer service-Highly trained and motivated instructors-Offers various times for classes-Committed and really listens to clients-They offer Kid Kadet courses Cons:-No showers
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,11/12/2013,21,10,,1,1>This is one of my favorite places to eat in Frederick, despite it's remote, tucked out of the way location.  It's hidden away in an industrial area that you almost have to know someone to act as a guide to find it.  But it's worth it.The staff is always friendly from the moment I walk in the door and I like that they always give out samples of the daily soup so you can have an idea if it's something you'd like or not.  The selection of sandwiches is enormous, though I tend to hover around the same favorites (the Oakland is wonderful, like a taste of California).The sandwiches are huge.  I generally get two meals out of one.  For a while, this was the only place in Frederick that I could get kettle chips, period, and Dirty's in particular, which I'd become a fan of while living in California.  I love their chips.  The exploded potato salad is amazing, a delicious warm potato salad that I've brought everyone I know to Frisco's to sample.  Because each sandwich is made individually, at peak hours, it can be a bit of a wait to get your sandwich, but the portions are so generous and the food so good, I can't help but feel like it's worth it.  YMMV.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/6/2013,27,226,5,8,9>Holy goodness in my mouth! If I could afford (both financially and by my waistline), I would eat here every single night! Needless to say it is some of the BEST pizza that I have ever had. I am in love with Jonny pizza! I've tried other toppings that they offer, but I also steer back to the Jonny. It is a white pizza with ricotta and mozzarella cheeses, cream sauce and ham. The crust is slightly burnt in some areas, slightly floppy in the middle and nice and crisp elsewhere! OMG....good things will happen in your mouth!The prices are a tad high for a personal pizza (I mean, you don't actually expect me to share this, do you?), but I am more than willing to pay for excellent pizza and great, friendly service. If you haven't been here yet...what are you waiting for?
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,2/5/2013,23,120,,6,2>I came here with a few friends last night at around 9:30pm. They close at 10:00pm during the week (which we didn't know), but they still accommodated us. The waitress was INCREDIBLY NICE AND ATTENTIVE.The interior of the restaurant was very nicely done. Very simple, but very classy. Although, I did notice on the wall the Katakana alphabet was a bit off from what you'd see traditionally, but at least the letters were still in order. Everything was RED. the menu, the chopsticks, the walls (except for one which was rocks?), etc. The chairs and tables were a nice dark wood to complement the red. Very nice interior. I did wonder, though, that the room we were sitting in looked somewhat small, but there are actually more rooms in the building. Apparently there are two more seating rooms, but they weren't being used at the time we came in. One room is for private parties that accommodates up to ~28 people. The other is another "walk-in" dining area.I ordered a Yakisoba ($9) which turned out pretty yummy. My boyfriend ordered Teriyaki Chicken ($15) which came with salad, soup, rice, and a drink. Pretty good value, IMHO.  I tried the chicken and it tasted more like fresh Filipino Chicken Tocino, and being Filipino myself, I kinda approved. Two of my friend's tried their sake and finished it. They also ordered from the skewer part of the menu. They tried the meatballs (which were HUGE and pretty good), the pork belly (which was somewhat small from what I imagined it to be), and the "skin" (I'm not really sure what animal's skin it was, but it looked pretty thin) ($3-4 each).This place really tries to get on your good side with their presentation. Their dishes are placed on nice, simple white plates. These plates, though, have little  differences between each other besides the size. The shapes of them complement the dishes with their curves, straight edges, and points. Maybe I'm just looking at the fine details a little too finely, but at least I approve.They actually do something that always gets on my good side: complimentary food AND drink! Albeit, they were small portions, but enough for you to try it out and make your judgement on it. The first one was a tofu in some sort of brown sauce. It's a little bit sweet, kinda sour, with green onions on it. It does have a taste that many may like and many may not like, you'll just have to try it yourself and judge. The other was a green tea juice mix which was given in shot glasses (nonalcoholic, but cute nonetheless). That drink was pretty good, sweet and quenching. I wish I remembered what the waitress called it though.Like I said earlier, the waitress was incredibly nice, that she gave us a tour of the building. That's how I found out about the other rooms. The last area she showed us was through the hallway the bathrooms were in. On the other side of the door was their lounge. It does look kinda small, but it is equipped with a full bar, LOTS of seating, and a large enough dancing floor. They only open it on the weekends and have a DJ come in. I really want to see how this lounge plays out, especially since it's in MoCo (with their liquor laws) and how it fares against the Rooftop down the street.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,2/4/2013,142,262,9,9,4>O....M....G- a new restaurant opening in downtown Silver Spring that's not Ethiopian!?! Say wha?????????????Tried this place tonight because I love Spanish & Mexican food and- yea I AM a fan! The service was great- attentive, endearing and gave plenty of space for girl talk.I  sampled enough of the menu so that I could write a legit review on Yelp. So here's the break down:Cava Sangria (1/2 pitcher is plenty to share)-Very tastyEnsalada de Mazanas- Light & refreshing but the dressing was almost nonexistentEspinacas Salteadas- Very good!Championes de Ajo- Very good!Buey al Jerez- Very good! (cooked medium of course)Tacos de Pascado- Very good!Flan- good (not a flan person but good)Churros- Good; however, I did ask if the hot chocolate was a cup of hot cocoa or a chocolate dipping sauce to get my expectations in checkAll and all- happy to have them in my neighborhood and I will return.For the record--- I did not order all this food all by lonesome. Don't want ppl thinking "DAMN! She gotta serious appetite." The table shared collectively.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2012,2/3/2013,25,23,5,6,5>First experience with a Voltaggio facility and I'm struggeling to be impressed.  I do like the way this former car dealership has been expertly converted into a trendy food establishment the outside area is tastefully setup.  Certainly someone listened when they said less is more for family meal.  Inside is only slightly less civilized because of the noise level and that, frankly, can't be avoided due to the concrete floors.  My trip to the bathroom was no less impressing tho.  Everything there is expertly appointed and really well done.  The hubby and I ordered coke and tea and they of course were served up in the trendy way.  The tea was served in what looks like an over sized highball glass and the coke arrived in a classic coke bottle with a similar glass...  oh dear no refills there.  Husbear blows through coke like my car sucks dose 93 octaine..  not good.  Had to ask for something to sweeten the tea too..  This should have been delivered with the drink.  Also this seems like where the frederick 1% seem to want to congregate.  In the section that I'm sitting in there was only one table of average folk and even he was talking about the Airplane industry.  This is def a "rich white woman in the burbs" place.  Wait staff seems to be dolled up in interesting 1950's clothes which is cool. The hubby ordered the deviled egg app and has pronounced them to be good but slightly bland.  well that's ok those are nearly impossible to do.  Arrival of the food.  My husbear ordered the fried chicken plate and it did not disappoint.  The chicken was spiced well and juicy, and the buscuit was very well done.  I ordered "The Burger" and the duck fat fries.  The burger was a little bland but that was fixed with an application of some of the dipping sauce from the fries.  As for the fries.... wow! The home made ketchup bis amazing and the mayo aolie is really good too!  Ok so we ordered the cobler and thought we were getting peach.  I read the menu wrong but it was really yummy anyway.  Manager very politely said he would remove it from the bill.  Over all the bill was a bit more than I was expecting but the over all experience was really good and I'd come back again.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2012,2/2/2013,132,258,33,8,2>I live at the Point and I really really really like it. I started living here when it was called The Georgian. I am a bit sad the name has changed because I thought The Georgian sounded classy. But so far, the new management has been very responsive. After a random kitchen leak, maintenance quickly popped over and stopped it. Then the housekeeping attendants came and cleaned the kitchen. Looked just as good as when I moved in.The best part about The Point is that they allow dogs. I have seen all kinds of dogs in the building, and even fostered a dog for a month myself. There is wifi is all of the lounges and the pool, and there is a really nice courtyard between the two buildings (also has wifi). It is very nice considering my rent is so reasonable. I actually signed a two year lease. I don't think I ever want to move, unless its back to the West.So why not five stars? I don't know. I wish the pool was deeper, and that the gym was bigger. It could use a yoga instructor. But in all seriousness, I have noticed the walls are thin. I often hear the couple arguing next door. The lady gets angry and throws things. So far, the gentleman has held ground. I will keep you posted.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,2/1/2013,197,231,,5,3>Huge upgrade since I went opening week. Let me start off with saying that their bread with honey butter is crack. The bread is very good, toasted but soft and the butter is perfectly sweet.The Gnocchi was sooo good this time. I'm  a fan of truffles which really enhanced the flavor of this dish. It is very filling and heavy but its a must try at Sugo. I also go the rib eye and I LOVED it, especially the potatoes with the chimichurri sauce. I've had it twice and each time it has been perfection. I also tried the bolognesa a pasta, I thought it was perfectly made. A little bit salty but still very good. The mushroom risotto was delicious, reminded me of Cavas. Last but not least the short ribs with mashed potatoes were heavenly. The meat is just soo tender and the sauce is very flavorful. The drinks are great as well, I love their jalapeño tequila, mango martini and both dark and white sangria. Alex is my favorite bartender, look out for him.I'm excited to make this a regular place to enjoy a nice meal and have good drinks. Its a cozy place for a perfect relaxed date.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,1/31/2013,420,334,4,6,5>Wow, first time that I'm impressed by a casual Chinese restaurant! The lady of the house is extremely nice, as she passed around free appetizers to the dining room--this was much appreciated. We also ordered the raw jellyfish to start, which was nicely flavored. Might not be for the unadventurous--but a classic for Chinese diners.We also tried...-black pepper beef plate - yummy! -beef noodle soup - really good broth. Best flavor that I've had, better than A&J's, noodle houses, Sushi House, etc...the noodle was kinda gummy (overcooked), so next time I order this $9 giant bowl I'm going to do it carryout and buy fresher noodles-green beans with chicken - tasty, but the green beans weren't too fresh/crispy. Good flavor, just lacked in quality.-fish on sizzling plate with crunchy bean topping - I haven't had this in a really long time, but it's a Sichuan special. I can see most of my friends going blech what is this, but if you've had this before then it is pretty good to order. Everything had good flavor. Only qualms are that the food is a little greasy and not as fresh as I'd like it to be--but it certainly does rank healthier than most spicy Sichuan restaurants. Service was very fast, the restaurant is clean, and prices are very reasonable.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2013,1/30/2013,103,153,3,11,3>4.5 stars!As a meat eater one often disregards food that doesn't have a meat component. This place will make you forget about meat. Here you order at the counter, and food is delivered to the table. Appetizers are all reasonably priced and main courses include a drink or a soup.We ordered a lot so that we could get a feel for the place.For appetizers we had the enoki fries and the spice croquettes. The enoki fries were absolutely superb, lovely batter, just the right amount of seasoning, wonderful texture, and they were served with an interesting curry mayo sauce. The Asian croquettes were also very good, I'm not sure what they were going for in terms of flavor but to me it tasted like aloo tiki (Indian snack food), especially when served with the slightly sweet sauce. I highly recommend both appetizers.For the main course we orders the fiery kungpao soy protien and the peppercorn tofu. The main courses came with soups, wonton and hot and sour (we asked for extra spicy). Both soups were absolutely excellent, nothing like generic Chinese soups. Both had real depth of flavor. Of the main courses the fiery kungpao was superior to the peppercorn tofu. The soy protein had great texture and the spicing was just right (I had ordered extra spicy). The peppercorn tofu had a sauce reminiscent of mapo tofu, and had red bell peppers and what I think were fava beans. Overall I think the place is really good, bordering on excellent. Certainly far above typical College Park fare.I would wholeheartedly recommend this place to others. Especially people who have low expectations of vegetarian food.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/29/2013,3479,394,24,31,29>It's Sunday, I've just had a spa facial and now I'm gearing up for a full day of football.  What pairs so well with facials and football?  How about Peruvian chicken!Located in a strip mall plaza in Capitol Heights, this building formerly housed a Carvel Ice Cream store before being reinvented.  The exterior is very plain and uninviting.  The area may appear to have various groups of people standing in or near the parking lots, particularly during the week, but they are day laborers waiting for someone to hire them for work (there's also a Home Depot in that plaza as well).  As uninviting as the exterior is, the closer you get to the front door the more you realize why you're here....the smell of some delicious food permeates.  Once inside, the restaurant is moderately sized with a basic cafeteria style decor.  There are a couple of televisions in the dining room area for patrons' viewing pleasure.  Ordering basically entails customers getting in line, placing their order and then going down the line to pick out their sides before finally paying.  Interestingly, the menu is fairly large and have a variety of options both in terms of Peruvian/Latin dishes and non-traditional items like a steak and cheese sandwich as well as a lamb gyro.  I placed a takeout order and had the half chicken (Peruvian style) with the vegetable medley and yucca fries.Both side items were tasty and properly seasoned.  The yucca fries were the perfect substitute for potato fries and just as satisfying.The star of the show was the chicken and it did not disappoint.  Perfectly charbroiled and seasoned, the result was crispy skin bursting with flavor along with moist meat underneath.  Popeyes and KFC have nothing on this!Bonus, the whole order was about $10, which was a great deal considering it's enough food to last for two meals.  Move over chicken wings, football Sunday just found another food option!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2012,1/28/2013,809,288,4,13,10>Swahili Village is a wonderful little Beltsville jewel the joint is laid back, nicely decorated, and very inviting. There is outdoor patio seating and indoor seating.  The wait staff is really cool and the bartenders have plenty of Caribbean/Tiki bar fashioned drinks to offer. Ladies night on Wendsdays, selected drinks are $3 the entire day ! The drinks are pretty potent too. Feyi B, told me about this spot and I knew I would have to make it here soon! I had the grilled goat with fried rice and steamed cabbage. The meal was very good! The goat was tender, with mild spice. The cabbage was fresh and chopped in fine strips and there was of course lots of rice.  I could not manage to squeeze in  desert, but I will be making my way back here before it gets cold. This is just a wonderful little oasis with plenty to choose from as far as vegetarian and fish as well. The entrees are anywhere from $10 to $14 and appetizers from $4 to $7.Swahili is super clean with modern renovations. I'm glad that a lot of people still do not know about this place, because if they did, ladies night would be standing room only.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2012,12/16/2012,111,189,,3,3>We are new to the area and staying in a hotel before moving into our home and spending our time while waiting getting to know the area and locate shops that we will use and adopt as "home". We are cyclists. My husband is a triathlete. We have six bikes in our house. That said, we love to shop and utilize local rather than big box stores whenever we can and I think we've found our cycle shop at least for the more leisurely cyclists in the family! I can't wait until our bikes get here next week and I can bring them in for tune-ups!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,12/15/2012,39,227,2,5,2>This is one of a few little Korean gems in Lotte, past the bakery and cosmetics, in the food court. Probably one of the better places around the area to grab lunch, especially if you're feening for some Korean food. If you're a newbie at Korean food, I suggest to just be safe and go for their combo deal, a choice of meat (bulgogi, galbi, pork) and a soup (tofu, seafood, etc), plus rice and radish and kimchi. You get all of this at a decent price, although I heard they raised their price by a couple dollars in the past years. No surprise. Anyway, I really do enjoy these cafe style Korean places, as they have a huge (overwhelming) selection of Korean dishes, and it's really a great choice for lunch, hassle free (no tips), and generally easy on the wallet.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,12/14/2012,303,800,10,20,11>I'd been itching to join a boxing gym for quite some time but had huge reservations about joining a chain like LA Boxing. I worried that the classes might be too large (therefore, not as much attention) or worse, that I'd get locked into a membership that I'd never be able to get out of. I'd heard nightmares from friends about trying to cancel memberships at places like that. So after several co-workers had recommended Donte's Boxing Gym, I decided to check it out. I dropped in on a class ($30) to see if it was actually what I was looking for. The class was a moderate size and we did a range of activities - including cardio, mitt work, heavy bag, etc. To sum it up, it was exactly what I was looking for- plus you get to pay month to month for your membership and aren't signing any 6-month or 12-month contracts. Oh and that $30 I paid for the individual class went toward the cost of my first month's membership (which includes classes and open gym days). I'll admit I was quite nervous at how painfully obvious it was that I was one of the less experienced boxers in the gym. But everyone - Donte and even the more advanced boxers/members couldn't have been more welcoming and friendly. No one is looking down on you because you're not as good. Instead, they are encouraging and pushing you to become better. When I joined, I was mostly joining for the fitness aspect of boxing (and the glorious stress relief of hitting a heavy bag) and not so much the fighting. I had no intention of ever getting in the ring and sparring. But on my own inclination and with no pressure from anyone, I decided to get in and spar. Three minutes in the ring felt like having run a 10K! It was this crazy rush of adrenaline and I can't even remember what it felt like getting hit. Hah. I'm glad I did it... (and I'm sure I'll do it again). I had just been taking the regular classes for about 3 months but felt that I needed to step it up. And everyone was right- after you go in the ring, it really changes how you work it in the regular class. Donte / Donte's Boxing Gym was everything my co-workers said it would be. It's a gym filled with other hard working individuals who motivate the hell outta you to do more than you ever thought you could. And Donte is a great instructor. He will teach you to box the right way and make sure you have a little fun too. I highly recommend. Oh and the last added bonus: your friends/co-workers will think you're a badass that you box/spar and will think twice about swiping your (fill__in__the__blank) from the fridge ever again.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2012,12/13/2012,153,500,2,4,2>Fresh baked good, who doesn't love that?!  We discovered Grandma's Vera's Bakery at the Rockville Farmers Market a couple of weeks ago.  Their mini pumpkin pie was amazing (crispy dough, light filling), even after taking it home & eating it room temperature.  The pecan pie was interesting, with bourbon I think, and chocolate on the bottom.  We loved the fresh-squeezed O.J. and even better, they had pao de queji (Brazilian Cheese Balls) that you can eat right away or purchase frozen to take home.  Prices are high and they only visit Farmers Markets and cater...
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2012,12/12/2012,101,70,2,2,2>Packed for Sunday Brunch- you need reservations because it's a small place! Serves bottomless mimosas and really I can't have enough of those and they do keep them coming. The food was fabulous and I personally need to rave about their french toast which was amazing! I have food allergies and they were very attentive to my needs. They have a small 6 person bar for those that don't have a reservation which we opted for on a separate occasion. I've also been in for dinner on Mother's Day which was quite good and I would totally return for again for dinner. I know there are a lot of negative Groupon reviews but please note that Chef Tony's IS very good, their presentation is great, waitstaff is attentive, and they are very accommodating to their guests. I will return again soon!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,12/11/2012,115,195,,5,1>I went back to Maryanne yesterday for a Brazilian sugaring and arm wax. I was running about 10-15 minutes late and they were surprisingly okay with that when I called.They did a fine job scheduling, and even sent me appointment reminders.The wax and sugaring itself were  well done and thorough. Sure it hurts like hell but that's what happens, especially when you're not a frequent traveler. I'd say the quality and thoroughness is well done, and no one else does sugaring in the area, which is much better than straight waxing for your nether bits. I'd definitely come back. No complications this time.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,12/10/2012,335,383,4,8,2>This guy knows what he is doing when it comes to alterations and he is SO affordable! He does an excellent job. Once I bought a bridesmaids dress when I was NOT pregnant. By the time the wedding was happening I was 7.5 months along. Somehow he found enough fabric using the matching shawl to expand my dress into a maternity bridesmaids dress! From the front you couldn't even tell I was pregnant! And it cost very little money. He even did a 2nd tweak of the dress about a week before the wedding in case I got bigger! I don't go anywhere else! He also does an excellent job altering tuxedos and suits!
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,12/9/2012,16,70,,22,2>The dining room was clean and neatly decorated featuring cool lighting and colors. The service was quick and professional. They took our drink orders and brought fresh, warm bread to the table. On either side of the bread there was fresh butter, opposite, a little pool of olive oil with garlic, parsley, basil and rosemary soaking in it. The bread was really good and tasted like it had just come out of the oven. We ordered the sweet potato fries as an appetizer. They weren't like any other sweet potato fries I've ever had. Perfectly crispy and salted on the outside and sweet and soft on the inside. The floral notes we found out later were most likely due to the fresh nutmeg and vanilla. Whatever. It was delicious and we ate the whole plate which was pretty big. They had a lot of seafood, including alaskan king crab legs, lobster and crab cakes on the menu, as well as steaks, but I had to have the pan-seared trout with the coconut-parsnip puree. It came with garlic mashed potatoes, spaghetti squash and green beans. The trout was cooked perfectly. It was firm, yet tender and tasted really fresh. The creamy sweetness of the coconut combined with the rooty, earthy flavors of the parsnip worked beautifully with the fish. I have never had a dish like this, and I will never forget it. It just seems so creative to me as an incredible fusion of wholesome and rustic flavors. The spaghetti squash and mashed potatoes were great. I never had spaghetti squash done like this before. It turns out the Chef does them with maple syrup and other spices and aromatics. It was pleasantly sweet and savory. The green beans were perfect and had good snap to them, as well as a smoky, roasty, thing going on. As we were finishing our meal the Chef, Terry Tomlin himself stopped by our table and asked us what we thought about everything and talked to us for a few minutes. He told us that all the food we ate was locally sourced from small farms in our area. He seemed very inspired by all the fresh, local food and was clearly excited about working on the upcoming Autumn menu. We were trying to save room for a dessert, but the food was too good that we both cleaned our plates. We decided to come back and try them another time. I'm truly excited about this place and will definitely be back soon.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,12/8/2012,282,280,10,8,8>At last The perfect nail salon has come along (super clean, and friendly staff)My unpolished days are overAnd the prices aint even wrong Oh yeah yeahAt lastYes they offer shellac services tooIt'll only cost $35And last at least two weeks on youI found a nail place, that I could speak to (literally, they speak great English)A place that I can call my ownThis place even does waxes for $30, too A low price that I have never knownOh yeah yeahI yelped, I yelpedOh and then I walked in (without a reservation!)And now here I am in heavenfor I have finally found an awesome, local, clean, reasonably priced nail salon...At Last
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2012,12/7/2012,71,74,5,6,2>I'm gonna come back for sure.So............... I had an accident. I got my hair caught in something... and my cousin, full of vigor and strength, had to literally pull everything out. I was left looking like a rag doll that had just been baptized through fire. It was a terrible experience. (and for those interested, it took 4 hours to pull out).Now that you know the context of the situation, you can understand how desperate i was for an immediate fix. And Extreme Hair did it. I asked for a layered cut, gave my sob story, and told the lady that I didn't know how to maintain my hair. She was patient, kind, and sympathetic, and urged me to learn how to blow dry my hair regularly. She even taught me and let me try to do it myself! I came out satisfied, I look normal now!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,7/17/2014,175,128,4,6,5>I like this place because it's pretty much your basic Filipino turo-turo style restaurant with adobo, dinuguan, etc. (turo literally means point, referring to how you point to the food that you like) ...I personally love all of their gata (coconut milk) dishes.  I recently tried their Ginataang Langka (Jackfruit stewed in Coconut Milk).  I was skeptical at first, but it was good.  I would eat it again.  Their Dinuguan (Blood Stew) isn't terrible, but it isn't the best.  I've had better elsewhere.  It was definitely lacking vinegar or peppers... something I can't figure out.  Overall, this place is good... just not good enough for five stars in my book.
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,7/14/2014,136,1232,1,5,5>I thought this was a counter order cafe, so you bet I was surprised when I walked in for a quick lunch that it was an actual sit-down restaurant with wait service.Dark but charming restaurant.  I love the wall of famous and overall accomplished Cuban-Americans.  I especially like how the owners included their own children to the wall.  Really cute and charming.  Wait staff was friendly and attentive, which was good since it wasn't crowded when I was there.I ordered the chorizo cuban sandwich and I was impressed!  The pork tasted like it was marinated and/or cooked in mojo marinade, which I love and I think makes cuban style pork taste better.  The chorizo consisted of thinly sliced layers that added that extra sausage-y saltiness without overwhelming the cuban with it.  The bread tasted pressed and well baked.  Overall a good sandwich, and reasonably priced at that too.I'll definitely keep this in my back pocket if I'm in the mood for Cuban at a reasonable price.  Still need to eat through the menu and have my husband try their coffees to get a complete assessment for their authenticity, but still solid in my book.
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,7/13/2014,90,161,3,5,4>At the Fillmore yelp event, I was blessed to taste a slither of mango flavored ice cream. HANDS DOWN, THE BEST CREAM ON THE PLANET. It wasn't overly mango, or sweet, and you could taste the cream. I can't wait for the other locations to open up because I will stalk this place all summer.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,7/12/2014,813,255,13,18,12>The official name is Lancaster County Dutch Market, but locals usually refer to it as the Dutch market or the Amish market.  Amish Wonderland might be more fitting.  I can remember stopping in about 10 years ago.  I remember it so clearly because two of the shop proprietors were Philadelphia Eagles fans, and they were discussing the Eagles picking up Terrell Owens and the virtues of the West Coast offense.  It just had a very surreal feeling to it.  But onto the food...When you first walk in, you come face-to-face with the hot pretzel stand.  They have the basic pretzels, with a variety of flavors or pretzels stuffed with meat and cheese.  I'm not sure what Cooper cheese is, but stuffed into a pretzel with sausage or roast beef is an amazing combination.  And there is a big vat of melted butter that all of the pretzels get dipped into before serving.  Just close your eyes and pretend it didn't happen.Once you step away from the cash register at the pretzel stand, you're smack in the middle of the fresh baked breads and desserts.  Homemade pies of all flavors, homemade bread that puts Wonder to shame, and an assortment of donuts that will make you never want to go anywhere else.  I picked up a plain glazed doughnut, and the dough was tender yet chewy at the same time.  Almost like what you want in a good bagel.Leaving the baked goods area, you pass by the handmade furniture on one side and the fresh cheeses on the other.  Turn the corner and the fresh meat counter and coldcuts are on your left, with the sitdown restaurant on your right.  I haven't had a chance to eat at the restaurant yet, but all of the plates of food I saw looked delicious and the patrons looked very happy.Then you turn the next corner and it's the reason I'm here...the famous fried chicken.  It's hot, juicy, moist, with just the right amount of oil. It's pretty much a perfect piece of fried chicken.  You can order as many or as few pieces as you want. Just make sure to order an extra drumstick to munch on while you're browsing the rest of the store.After picking up your chicken, you end up in the fresh produce.  You'll subconsciously walk faster at this point, since you're still eating a piece of chicken and the guilt will set in.  A better choice is to turn towards the right and check out the homemade fudge selection (and grab one of the free samples...no one is judging). Then it's back around the last corner to the chocolate confections and the homemade salads.  Then you're back where you started at the pretzel stand.  They also sell candy, spices, and some grains. But that kind of stuff can be picked up anywhere.  You're here for the stuff that you can't get anywhere else.Note that they are only open on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday.  Probably best for the waistline.
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,7/11/2014,214,177,5,8,5>The boyfriend & I are huge fans of Yuraku! We've ordered several different rolls and sashimi platters and have never been disappointed.  Recently, I stopped by to get hwae dup bap (sashimi veggie rice bowl) and it was spectacular.  There was a variety of fresh veggies and a delicious mound of seaweed salad.  The hostess added extra fish to the bowls because of the wait.  Outstanding customer service!  The fish here is always super fresh, the restaurant is clean, & everyone is super friendly.  Would highly recommend to dine in or take out. Side note: They do not accept Amex.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,7/10/2014,15,55,4,7,6>The bartender teased that he had never had anyone study at the bar when I stopped in for a brew and reviewed some note cards for an exam. He remembered me when I came by a few days later (probably because I, again, brought books and study materials). Friendly staff, and tasty, cold brewskies.I also highly recommend their fish and chips. The beer batter is flaky and the fish is cooked to perfection. I am also a big fan of the sherry-lemon aioli and homemade tartar sauce.Their steamed mussels was AMAZING!! The broth is cooked with fresh thyme, shallots, garlic bread, white wine coconut curry broth served with a side of garlic bread. I couldn't get enough of the sauce. A definite must try!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,7/9/2014,68,138,1,5,3>another burger place? i was skeptical at first since there are so many burger places around these days, but im glad i tried this place! the burgers are not too greasy and they also give you a nice portion of fries. pretty expensive though - burgers are $8-10 each and then, of course, they get you with the additional sides you have to buy. also, the milkshakes are NOT worth it, do yourself a favor and go to chick-fila at the food court if you want a milkshake, its bigger and better, and bigger is better wink wink.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,7/8/2014,70,115,3,7,4>I came here for my birthday. It was amazing. The sommelier (sp?) we had made everything amazing. As we waited for our table, we sat at the bar tables and drank whiskey. The table was ready in five minutes and we sat. I cant remember exactly what I ate but it was fish with almonds. I had such a wonderful time, it doesn't even matter what I ate. The sommelier brought us wine that went with every dish. At the end of the night, I had a great buzz, a happy belly. Great birthday, I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT. Beautiful decor, excellent clientele. I will definitely be back when in the area.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,7/7/2014,17,13,5,9,10>Ok, here is my plea....go to Mr. Banh Mi so it stays in the neighborhood! I said it before for The Thai Cuisine Restaurant and the yelp community banded together to patronize the establishment, and hey, that place is hoppin'. But for real, I've been three times since it opened just over a month ago and it's been fairly empty each time which breaks my heart. Mostly because you aren't getting in on the deliciousness!!!!So far we've tried: beef, pork, chicken, a special shrimp meatball. Favorites are hands-down beef and pork. I need to try the tofu next time for all you sweet-souled vegetarians. Tonight I also had the avocado juice with mango popping boba. HOLY COW THIS WAS GOOOOOOOD. It was basically a milkshake. Don't think twice, just try it, you'll thank me.Fresh bread, great pickled veggies, and the grilled meats slathered is perhaps crack spiked sauce will win you over. I need more!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,7/6/2014,88,153,1,7,5>Food was really good, Atmosphere is really good too. Very well done. Lighting is beautiful. Tables and Booths are nice too. Whoever designed it did a wonderful job. The food was actually better than I expected. Very tasty, well seasoned and good portions. Not too much and not too small. I recommend you try it out if you are in that area. I had cedar plank salmon with smashed potatoes, broccoli and Mac n cheese. Everything was delicious.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,5/2/2013,50,22,,18,4>Great new restaurant in CP! The pho here is great and probably my favorite is the CP area. The beef broth is really flavorful without being too salty and does not have an MSG taste like the broths at other pho places. The serving size here is also pretty generous and the portion of meat you get with your order is good. The D'lite Combo (rice with pork, shrimp, a fried egg, and an egg roll) is also delicious if you're not in the mood for pho. The only downside is their curry dishes which I find to be a bit bland and the fact that their pho options are a bit more limited than most pho establishments.Overall, really good food and good service (in general, not just for a pho place). The owner is also super nice which is another plus in my book. Will be back here soon!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,5/1/2013,1,12,,2,1>First let me tell you this place is the coziest bike shop ever! There is a fire place with a coffee table and chairs around it so you can sit down and grab a cup of hot dairy free cocoa :) or tea if you like. And I happen to go in on a Thursday night where they usually have a community potluck dinner! Anyone is welcome to grab a plate and dig in!!!!I went in to the store because my boyfriend and I wanted a bike that we could use on some trails as well as some paved areas. This is the first time we were buying bikes as adults. We were helped by  a very friendly sales person whose name I forget (He is the owner's son)..who was very knowledgeable and answered every single question we had! He was patient and made sure we felt comfortable. He insisted we take several bikes out for a test ride around the neighborhood. We took his advice and after trying several different bikes I decided on a Kona Dew and my boyfriend got the Kona Dew Delux.  Jill the owner was very sweet also and helped size the bikes perfectly for us. We are so excited about our bikes and would highly recommend this great store for anyone who is interested in a excellent quality bike at a reasonable price!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,4/30/2013,10,4,,11,1>I'd been wearing an afro for 32 years so making a change was a big deal.  I went to Cole Stevens DC on the advice of a friend.  Just rolled the dice and took the stylist who answer the phone when I called. Martin did a fabulous job on my hair and when I left I was floating on my new look.  Unfortunately, I didn't know what I was doing with a flat iron and when I went back a week later had burned my hair so badly he had to cut it all off and start over! Martin began nurturing my hair as though he was cultivating his own personal garden.  Slowly, my hair has come back to life and has never looked this good EVER!!  I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE my hair and Martin is nothing short of a miracle worker! Everyone who has seen me go through this transformation can't believe it, and the compliments are constant! As for the prices at Cole Stevens, well, I don't know what this should cost me but I think you get what you pay for.  And to me, the way my hair feels and the way I feel is worth every penny!  THANK YOU MARTIN!!!;)p.s.  The entire staff is friendly, polite, and bend-over-backwards helpful!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,4/29/2013,19,16,,3,2>I am a huge fan of this place!  They have a gigantic selection of Great Wines and a really fun selection of beers.  The liquor selection is great, too!  I have been there several times and have eaten in the Bistro every time.  While the owners  and managers are knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful, sometimes the staff are a little green, so be forwarned, you are going to know more about wine, beer, and food than most of the new staff do.  The passionate ones will learn.  That said, the wine, beer, and food in the Bistro are DEEEEEEEELICIOUS!  We've had the seared duck breast with truffled potao puree and jus, the mussels in a simple white wine butter sauce, the cream of crab soup, the french onion soup, the burgers, the baked truffled mac-n-cheese, the creme brulees (chocolate and vanilla), the bread pudding, and the ceasar salad.  EVERYTHING has been really yummy.  You can buy a bottle of wine out front in the store and carry it to the Bistro with the receipt and just pay a $10 corkage fee to enjoy it in the bistro if you're not happy with the by-the-glass selection on the menu, however, both times I've done this, they have waived the corkage fee.  NIce!  I never leave without a bottle of wine or a six-pack of beer, but FYI, they DO offer case discounts on larger purchases. On a couple of occasions, we have stumbled upon a tasting already in progress out in the store.  They have fun things going on every week, so definitely check out the tastings schedule to expand your knowledge of upscale booze and catch a free buzz.  Just sayin'.They also sell fun things like snarky cocktail napkins, 'I HEART BELTSVILLE" t-shirts, and yummy crackers, jams, olive oils, balsamic vinegars, and gift baskets.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,4/28/2013,0,44,2,10,1>I'm tempted to not write this review. You see, there are a lot of Ethiopian restaurants in Silver Spring, and this one is the best. But it's never terribly busy. So, although I'd like it to remain my secret Ethiopian stand-by, I also want them to do well. So, here you go Yelp. You're welcome. This place is kind of hard to find, and from the outside it doesn't look welcoming, but persevere and you will be rewarded for your efforts. Unlike a lot of the other Ethiopian places in Silver Spring, we're not met by puzzled stares when we enter Bete. (on that note, what is the deal with those other places? Are still surprised after several years that non-Ethiopians are eating there, or is it just me? You couldn't keep food that good under wraps forever, guys). Make sure you ask for the patio if it is a nice day. It is a lovely area, with fig trees overhead. It's easy to forget you're still in Silver Spring back there. We've had great service and great food every time we've been to Bete. We usually get the vegetarian platter and the lamb tibs. Again, to contrast Bete with all the other Ethiopian joints, you never have to wait or pay more for extra injera at Bete. They are more than happy to bring it. And most of the time, if there is something you like, they try to bring more of that for free too! It is a small place, being a converted house, but we've never had a problem getting a table even on weekend nights. Here's hoping it stays that way.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,4/27/2013,164,411,18,2,1>Holy amazing... This was my first time doing a full 6-course Indian dinner, and it was pretty much a fantastic experience. We went on a Sunday night around ...6? Which meant that we had all the comfy couches, pillows, and Bollywood music videos to ourselves.While I'm talking about that--talk about CHILL. The whole place is just a huge comfy couch, in my opinion. Loveee the decor and really comfy feel of it. The server was nice--pretty considerate of our needs. I think they purposely took long to bring food between courses because that's just the culture. It was cool. We were chillin.The 3 of us did the veggie options for the 6 course meal since 2 of us were vegetarians. See pictures for better idea! We were given towels to wash our hands after our orders were taken. Then the slow arrival of food began...Course 1: A bunch of different veggie dishes (eggplant, potato salad, carrot dish)Course 2: Came on the same plate as Course 1... Paneer...is probably the best cheese to ever come on a stick...Course 3: Samosas with yogurt dip (sorry I dont know all the actual names!!!)Course 4: Malai Kofta, Channa Masala & Palak Paneer (sooo goodd) served with roti on the sideCourse 5: Fruit and nuts...I don't think I've ever cracked so many nuts in my lifeCourse 6: Tea and some rice pudding (which I didn't fancy at all)For $30 a person, this was SUCH a legit meal. I can see it being really awkward if the place is packed, since you might potentially be sitting back to back with someone... but it was quite empty and enjoyable when we went. It was such a relaxing, slow dinner. Pretty sure we were there for about 2.5 hours just winding down.I may come back for the lunch buffet sometime, but if you haven't done this 6-course dinner thing.... DO IT NOW!!!!!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,4/25/2013,335,383,11,10,5>My name is Irene and I have an addiction to XLB. There. I said it. I was told Bob's Shanghai was not quite ready to meet my exacting standards and that I should give them a month to settle in. I was able to heed the warning for ohhhhhhh about 2 weeks. But the addiction is strong- and I was considering going to Shanghai Taste when a co-worker told me that they had to consolidate tables and not it was a communal eating situation. No thanks. I had no choice. I was prepared to wait 20 minutes or more for my fix. I was prepared for less than optimal XLB. I was prepared to have my last nerves tested. I was prepared unnecessarily. I have now been there 3x in 2 weeks (I know- I prolly should seek professional help or get an intervention). Every time has been a great experience.The XLB soup is much less greasy than Shanghai Taste. Also, there is so much of it, it is bursting out of the dumpling. The skin is also much thinner. ST does give you 2 more dumplings for about the same price (8 versus 6), and they take credit card, whereas Bob's continues to be Cash only (ps there is an ATM at the beer store nextdoor).All 3 times I have tried to order sweet soy milk- all three times they didn't have it.The Spicy tendon is better at both A&J's and ST. Bob's is REALLY thick and chewy and gets seriously stuck in my teeth. The PiDan (thousand year egg on tofu) is WAYYYY better than both A&J and ST. (ST's is the worst). The sauce together with the egg is just amazingly tasty. The scallion pancakes at Bob's also far surpasses AJ and ST- thin, not oily, full of flavor, not too bready. I love it. The beef noodle soup was such a disappointment. AJ's still reigns supreme here. The soup base was stellar, but the noodles where nothing special, and the beef was really tough. Let's talk about speed here- all the food including the XLB came out lightening fast. and steaming hot. I had no complaints about that. Also, the decor in this restaurant is head over tails better than both AJ and ST. I am heading there again this weekend- I realize that this is a major problem for my waistline. I may be seeking an intervention here in the near future. If you catch me checking in here more than 3x a week- please- call XLB Anonymous. -_-
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,4/24/2013,29,492,2,7,3>I've been here twice since my initial review and I'm happy to report that their cupcakes have been much better. :-) I've tried the vanilla & red velvet recently & both were fantastic. So far, the red velvet is my favorite - the cream cheese frosting rocks. I agree w/fellow reviewer Jake; I liked the slightly crunchy top...a pleasant surprise. My initial complaint was with the cupcakes being dry... well, that hasn't been the case the last 2 times I've stopped in so maybe I had a bad batch the 1st time around. Also, I have to say that customer service has consistency been awesome; the staff is super sweet. So, I'll be back to try some other flavors. The hot chocolate cupcake looks really yummy. A few other notes: * free Wi-Fi* they serve smoothies, coffee & tea * they offer the classic favorites (chcolate, vanilla, red velvet, etc.) as well as their own signature flavors
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,4/23/2013,32,147,,1,1>Loved! I had the Red Flannel Hash and my friend had the Benedict Arnold (story to ensue).We were halfway through our meal when a waiter came over with a plate and said, "How's the food?" My friend answered its really good, and the waiter said,"It's not what you ordered" He was standing there with my friends actual food order which they gave to us on the house! My friend had received the traditional benedict with house cured ham instead of the sausage on the arnold. We laughed that he was not able to notice the difference. He said, "honestly, this is so delicious I didn't even notice that it was sausage and not ham". Since we got to try both eggs benedict, I will say I like the sausage better, my friend liked the ham, I say you cannot go wrong with either choice, they both were delicious. My hash was very good, it was simple, but all the flavors worked nicely with each other, and as a beet lover, I would definitely recommend this dish.We also ordered the beignets when we first sat down b/c they are made to order and take a little bit of time to get to your table. They are so worth the wait. They are served with a berry compote, and chocolate sauce, and a caramel sauce. My favorite was mixing the berry compote with the chocolate sauce...amazing.On a separate occasion, I have also had the meatloaf and the chicken pot pie, both of which are great comfort food and delicious. In the chicken pot pie, there is a massive biscuit submerged at the bottom...ah so good! Bottom Line: This place is great because it just has really good comfort food and a place that even the most pickiest eater in your party can find to eat. In essence, it's "A Down Home Southern Meal in the middle of Potomac, MD" You will not be disappointed.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,4/20/2013,136,1232,6,11,9>Just like the other BonChons in the DMV, except this time there's a solid version here in MoCo.  You really can't go wrong with either the soy garlic or spicy chicken.  Not available at the time I went not long after opening, but they do offer bulgogi wraps (which I HIGHLY recommend) and other non-chicken dishes that are tasty.  And the offer TAKOYAKI (they describe is as octopus dumplings, but if they're like the authentic Japanese dish, they're the famous octopus balls), which is hard to find around here!  No doubt I'll come here for my KFC fix, but I MUST come back to try their takoyaki.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/3/2014,62,135,5,6,4>I love going to the Tastee Diner.  I love it for the simplicity, the warmth and the familiarity that comes from a place that's been doing the same thing, with the same folks so long.If you're  looking for organic eggs, Intelligentsia coffee, or Benton's bacon, you may want to wander down south to DC.  You'll find many chefs to help out your foodie fix.The Tastee serves what most folks would make for themselves.  Not a gourmet meal, but a "hey, I just got up at 9 on Sunday and I want some eggs", or a Friday, evening, "let's take that pound of chop beef and make a meatloaf" meal.  Crack the can on the gravy and we have dinner.I've never eaten anything at the Tastee that's better than average, and that's why I like it.Sure, I'll have  a refill on that coffee.  Thanks hon.
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/14/2014,5/2/2014,335,383,3,10,9>I have been here twice and one thing I can attest to is the consistency of their ramen. (Unlike Maki Cafe). I really enjoyed the Volcano Ramen both times. The second time I asked them to make it spicier and they did- which was great. The egg is the best in Rockville. The fatty charsui is phenomenal (and they didn't run out and it's included in the price of the bowl). The noodles were perfect texture and the broth was not too salty like many other ramen places. The first time I ordered the pork bun there was mayo on it. I don't like mayo so I told the person the second time that I would recommend in the future that they let ppl know there is mayo since that's not traditionally how it's served. He was so awesome- he brought out 2 free pork buns for us without mayo after my feedback. The chicken wings tasted just like I grew up eating at home- I just wish they were bigger. The mango soche? Was delicious and unique. I asked about the jasmine one which is another specialty of theirs on the second visit and he told me the cream top is  salty to accent the sweetness of the jasmine tea. It sounded weird so I opted not to get it. He brought me a free one to sample and it was awesome! I will definitely get it again when I want something light and refreshing. The second visit was better not due to the food- but because the man working was much more nicer and seemed excited to promote the business. The first visit the girl was more standoffish and served us warm tap water out of Dixie cups. All the other ramen places in Rockville have officially lost my business. This place is priced right. I hope they stay consistent and have a lot of success.Update: this place keeps getting worse and worse. -_-
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,5/1/2014,22,182,,6,4>I just finished lunch here with my aunt and brother; it was a pleasant experience. The staff is very accommodating and friendly. The interior of the restaurant is modern but still has a Japanese flair to it. However, I wish there was some kind of partition at the front door to prevent the chilly air from directly coming in contact with the patrons.Anyways, we ordered a multitude of dishes which included tofu, scallop carppacio, flounder sashimi, the larger sashimi assortment, and others. The sashimi itself was decent, nothing really exceptional; however I did enjoy the fact that scallop came with the assortment. I reserve judgment until I try the omakase at dinner time.The dessert here is fantastic! Our hostess verified that all the desserts are made by the chef's wife. I actually ate FIVE portions of the dessert by myself. Two portions of the chocolate cake, caramel cheesecake, panna cotta, and all 3 flavors of the ice cream (yuzu, black sesame, green tea). The panna cotta was absolutely divine, with the most delicate silken texture that I have ever had in a custard. I will come back in the near future for the omakase, and of course the dessert!
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,4/30/2014,159,45,6,10,7>Yup...I am a certified phat girl because when I come in here I want EVERYTHING, lol! It doesn't help that the candy & ice cream counters are right there when you walk in the door.Did I say I love the Amish Market, yet? Well if I didn't, here it goes....I love the Amish Market . This location has a bonus when you check in you get a FREE 1/2 pound of chocolate covered strawberries, yummy! If you get them you won't be disappointed...my favs are the white & milk chocolate mix.I also love the katydids that they make...OK, OK...enough about the sweetsAt the candy station, they also sell potato chips, I love the homemade potato chips...they are so light but provide that CRUNCH, lolOver at the salad station I like to get the seafood salad which has huge chunks of LUMP crab meat & shrimp...so good, mouth salivating just from the thought, lol. My mom likes the cole slaw but I'm not a big fan of cole slaw but will eat it from chick fil-a on my chicken sand which, lol...but don't let me tell you, you be the judge on all the salads (potato, carrot, etc.)The cheese station is pretty cool & they have samples of all the cheeses that are on display.Back in the corner you will find all of your baked goods (breads, cookies, cakes, etc) I get the yeast rolls or the zucchini breadw/ cream cheese.I also like the roasted chicken wings & fries. I have gotten fruit (watermelon) from the fruit stand that was so sweet that it would give you sugar diabetes!Last but certainly not least, the hand made ice cream, pretzels & pretzel dogs. The ice cream comes in a plethora of flavors and can be spun in any type of milkshake that might tickle your fancy. I love the butter pecan milkshake.I love the soft pretzels w/o salt. I can take or leave the pretzel dog though, just because I'm not a real pretzel dog fan...but if you are a fan, definitely try it out.My next venture is to get to the $0.99 pancake breakfast.Hope this helps & happy shopping!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,4/29/2014,92,161,2,7,4>Authentic Mexican tacos! If you have not had one of these tasty tacos in your mouth yet, you're definitely missing out. This little restaurant is located in a pretty forgettable shopping center but once you try the tacos, your memory will be forever stamped. The taco selection is straight to the point. Chicken, marinated pork, braised pork, charbroiled steak, fish (tilapia) and leguna (braised beef tongue) served on corn tortillas with toppings of your choice. The toppings are self serve radishes, cilantro, pepper sauce, etc. My date and I went with the three taco  combo - this was a great opportunity to taste everything.Between the two of us, we ended up with the marinated pork, steak, fish and leguna tacos and they were all amazing! The toppings bar held all fresh ingredients and they complimented the tacos well. I must report that my favorites were the marinated pork and steak. They're both well cooked and full of flavor. The food was so good we actually returned the following day. Tartacos gets an A+ on food, service and coziness. I will be keeping these tacos I'm rotation.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,4/28/2014,43,57,,6,5>I think the best thing about this place is the fact that I can easily walk to it anytime I want because it's less than a quarter mile from where I live.  You can't beat that location!  On top of that, the food here is excellent.  The traditional guacamole is nice and they have free chips and salsa.  That may not be a big deal in a lot of places, but I have been to more than one restaurant that gives you one for free and then charges you ala carte for any others you want.  Good thing to, because I think we finished off at least 7 or 6 bowls of chips and salsa (hey, we had 6 people that last time).I had the Treo Fajitas the last time.  One thing I noticed about the fajitas is they added broccoli to the vegetables.  I love broccoli, so it didn't bother me one bit.  Additionally, the nature of the broccoli absorbed the flavors of the meat and added a lot of flavor to the dish, like some sort of delicious Mexican sponge.Just a tip though, if you have kids and you order the 'chicken fingers' make sure you realize that they're actually grilled strips of chicken.  These are not chicken tenders like you think they are.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,4/27/2014,68,138,,6,4>This review is based solely on the bubble tea! Have to say that this place gives Jumbo Jumbo a run for its money! My stunningly handsome husband got the avocado and I got the taro. I asked the guy what they were made of and he said fresh avocado/taro, sweetener, milk. With boba two small came out to be $9.01, about the same as it would have been next door. Both were really good, and most importantly the boba were fresh, sweet, and the perfect chewy consistency. Will go back again for sure!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,4/26/2014,813,255,8,18,12>El Perro Loco is the kind of place you want to go hang out at any chance you get.  It's literally a couple of guys with a pop-up tent, some propane tanks, and a portable stove/griddles.  And with that set up, they are putting out some very cool Colombian Street food.First up was the hotdog, loaded with bacon, crunchy chips, various sauces, and a hard-boiled quail egg.  It comes with two sauces, one of which is a pineapple sauce which is a little too sweet for me, but it can be easily left off. The burger gets the same treatment, except swap in fried ham for the egg, and throw on some cheese.  It's a huge portion, and the only downside is that the few times I went they were working with frozen burgers.  If they switch to fresh meat once the weather warms up and business starts booming, the burger will be off the charts.  The times I have been there it was either cold or rainy, and they were still pulling a good crowd.  Once the weather gets warm, I can't imagine how popular the place will be.Even though you'll be completely full with either a hot dog or a hamburger, don't pass on the corn side dish.  I believe the official name is Mazorca Desgranada, and it's simply corn sautéed with some bacon and onions and spices, and covered with the crushed up chips and a green tartara (tartar) sauce.  I'm not sure why it's called tartar sauce, as it's not the classic version that would normally come to mind.  It's more of a garlic and herb-based sauce.  But whatever it is, it's simply amazing.  I'd recommend stealing the entire squeeze bottle and taking it home with you, but the owners are such nice guys I wouldn't want to do that to them.  But definitely ask for extra tartara sauce.The lines can be long at times, so it can be a bit of a wait to get the food.  And there's no formal seating area; most people either eat in their cars or standing around having conversations.  But either way it's an amazing spot.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,4/25/2014,25,86,9,10,5>Hands down the best sushi I've had. Anywhere! EVER! And I've had sushi all the way from the east coast to LA.If they'd let me, I'd bring in a big wooden barrel tub (like the ones the cowboys bathed in back in the days of the wild west), get inside of it, and fill it up with a bazillion Yuraku rolls. That, boys & girls, is what I imagine Japanese Thanksgiving is like. Yuraku was my favorite sushi place even before they added about a hundred new special rolls to their menu. Now, it's just sushi heaven! My favorite rolls are:SPICE GIRL ROLL. Words. Cannot. Describe!Hot Fuzz Roll. If you like coconut (or anything ridiculously delicious going into your mouth, GET THIS!)Lobster in Paradise. I feel like the chef got a little fancy with this one, so I'd get this without the strawberry sauce (or get the sauce on the side and try for yourself). Honestly, I could go on & on about the rolls, so I'll spare you the dissertation. Just know that what sets apart Yuraku from other places is their cooked rolls, although the raw sushi is also great. Some of my other favorites include: Viagra Roll, Isobe Roll, November Rain, there's just too many to list.P.s. The sushi buffet is just average, so I don't recommend it.P.p.s. They're closed Mondays. I know ... I hate it too.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2014,4/24/2014,133,187,9,15,7>Used to be a regular at the ole boogaboo creek back in the day. Stopped going for many reasons. Decided to try out the new BC STEAKHOUSE OVERTAKE. WENT for happy hour as it's usually a great sign of service and you can take a moment to walk around and view all changes before dinner rush.  I was expecting some changes from the old talking animal puppets but never did I think this place could have turned the entire restaurant and service around in such short time after the remodel. We walked in by 5:30pm on a Friday night. Immediately upon entering we were greeted at the lovely new hostess host stand to ask how we could be helped. As we said we just wanted to experience happy hour at the bar we were settled in to bar seats by hostess with her giving a heads up to the bartender. We were given the happy hour menu as well as the whole dinner menu. My husband was eager to try a couple new beers and the bartender was very attentive and told him where each beer was made ,whether it was sweet or light or heavy. My husband is usually a wine drinker but felt after the suggestions of the bartender that he was ready to try something new. We ordered our drinks at happy hour price (come on we are all on a budget) and took advantage of the crab appetizer. Though it may look small on the plate it's big in the mouth because it's all fresh chunks of crab meat. The only filling is the bread ing that holds them together. Then we ordered chicken tenders which were divine although the smear of sauces on the plate would be better represented as making the tenders the centerpiece and serving BBQ and honey mustard on the side. The smear of dipping sauces may have won over a judge on CHOPPED for beauty and a taste, but most people want something to dunk their tenders in. But no worries, we were given extra sauce with a smile. Had a few drinks, 3$ beers, 4$ wines and then dessert. Wow what a wonderful giant chocolate chip cookie dessert served ooey and gooey in a mini iron pan with dollops of vanilla ice cream, fresh whipped cream and fresh berries. And enough spoons for us all. This place is amazing. A hidden gem off Shady Grove Road. Great service from all staff, great food and beautiful atmosphere. Oh and plenty of parking! You must try this place! Happy hour food and drink prices M-F 5pm to 7pm will be enough for you to taste and want to go back for a sit down dinner. All those creepy puppet animals are gone. This place has a lovely makeover. I know you will love it! Everything is updated even the menu. Great happy hour and can't wait to reserve the big rectangle table in the restaurant for my birthday.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,3/9/2013,2,44,,3,2>What a find!  My wife and I had an absolutely lovely evening here.  We were greeted warmly, and had a glass of wine in the bar while we waited.  The service in the bar was friendly and welcoming, and I don't think our wait was as long as we were told.  (We were told 20 minutes on a Saturday eve, but it was less I think.)The food was fantastic, service was great, and we really had a great time.  I had the duck, which was wonderful, and started with the buffalo mozzarella which was fantastic.  My wife had the butternut squash soup (I think?  or was it sweet potato?) which she loved, and ravioli with mushrooms.We felt it was completely worth what we paid.  Parking was no problem, the wait was reasonable for a Saturday night.  Try it out - we were glad we did!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,3/8/2013,5,130,,2,2>Fantastic! My wife and I had an early dinner at this restaurant this week and the food was wonderful! We both had the Cubano sandwiches, the ham was juicy and had a sweet honey flavor and the roasted pork was all swine should be, delicious! The bread was the highlight though, perfectly toasted, light, with great flavor. My Mojito while kind of steep at $8, was very refreshing, guess I have to catch the happy hour price. I really was impressed with the fact that the owner/operator took the time to come out of the kitchen and speak with the customers and be honest about the challenges of the restaurant industry and share his passion for providing the best product possible. This restaurant is a rising star in Frederick!
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/7/2013,123,137,2,2,3>I was dying to go somewhere with cheap drinks and fried calamari for Fat Tuesday and Yelp lead me to Olazzo.  I had been before with friends but didn't realize they had drink specials on Tuesday.  Word to the wise, many of their martini offerings are VERY sweet.  Like hangover, sickly sweet.  Every time I've been here the service has been kind of slow, but  the servers are nice and they accommodate groups well.  This one in particular kept forgetting our orders and having to come back and check or just not putting them in at all.  As far as the ambiance, the lighting is very dim and there is lots of exposed brick, so it kind of looks like they're hiding something.  There's a back room that I've never dined it, that is even darker than the front bar area. It's definitely not fancy, but good for intimate evenings if you want something neighborhoody.  The food, however, has always been satisfying and my favorite dish is the shrimp and crab rose pasta.  This time around I got the olazzo salad, which is just a caprese salad on top of a house salad.  It was good though, do not be disconcerted by the purple tomatoes.  The vinegar makes them dark.  The calamari comes with marinara instead of aioli, and only comes with rings!  Perfect for those squicked out by legs.  Also, warm bread and olive oil.  Nom nom nom.  There's not a lot of variety, but what they do, they do well.  So I'll keep coming back for good, local fare.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,3/6/2013,105,30,5,9,5>Moby Dick is a nice find in the Silver Spring/Wheaton area.  It's located in a strip mall and looks questionable from the outside but as soon as we walked in, I felt like we'd been transported to a small neighborhood sushi joint that may have been back home in Hawaii.The menu is simple and pretty much has all the staples of your typical Japanese restaurant - nothing special. We had the chicken yakiniku appetizer which we were both disappointed by. It seemed like they cooked the chicken plain, put it on the plate, and then spooned some teriyaki sauce from a bottle on top instead of cooking it in the sauce. The rating comes from the quality of the fish/sushi. The nigiri & sashimi both were nice thick cuts and amazingly fresh. We also both really enjoyed the udon - the broth was very tasty. Attentive service from the owner.I recommend Moby Dick if you're in the area and craving simple, generous portions of sushi.  I'm not sure that I would make any type of trek out here, but if you're  close by or live in the area, the quality of the fish is unrivaled by nearby sushi places.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2013,3/5/2013,61,112,2,3,3>Cute spot, great people!So my mother and I had a hard time finding this place a few month's ago but they have painted it in a bright pink that is hard to miss. When you walk in you immediately feel the comfort and welcomed. I actually went to school with the owner's son and it was a pleasant surprise to see him there. We would have chitchatted but people started flooding in so I have another reason on top of the treats to take another visit. There is a sitting area perfect to bring your laptop while enjoying the many goodies!I had a pound cake that was soaked with different fruit and my mom ordered the apple turnover and guava turnover. Let's just say I barely made it out of the parking lot with any cake left! I took a bite and knew this place was definitely a winner! My mom crushed her turnover and not a crumb was left. They had numerous cakes and cookies. In addition I peeped some quiche and beef patties. A great alternative to your usual Starbucks-chain type establishments. Support your neighborhood bakery, I promise you won't regret it!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2012,3/4/2013,3,14,2,3,2>Great cheesecake, coffee, pastries, sandwiches and soups. It's the perfect neighorhood spot to get something in the morning or grab a quick bite when you just can't stomach Panera, again. Also, charming location in a quiet but still convenient neighborhood, plenty of parking, and wi-fi.  The place is also pet friendly, dogs are permitted in the outdoor patio seating area.This is probably my favorite cafe in the DC area, and I don't think the two sisters who own it every really wanted to run a cafe. When this place started a few years ago, the doors opened at 9:30 AM-pretty darn late. The owners don't even like coffee :-). It was only in the Summer of 2012 that they gave in and started doing business on Mondays.They apparently just wanted to sell cheesecakes and pastries, and inasmuch as they were taking over the location of the former Savory Cafe, there was plenty of reason to think a cafe was a suspect idea. Well, Savory had indifferent ownership and it showed in understaffing, a run-down dining area and a refrigerator case full of trucked-in muffins. Meaghan and Caitlyn are actively involved and they do listen to customer feedback.On weekends, this is always a great little spot to get something simple like a soup and sandwich or to kick back with a book on a lazy Sunday.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,3/3/2013,115,195,2,2,2>This is a great little place, especially for those gluten-free, there are tons of options including homemade desserts. I'm not gluten free, but good to note.The place is mainly a well seated cafe inside a beer and wine store. We ordered panninis which were good but nothing amazing. The fries were ok too. The service was good and the food was delivered promptly. Also, the gelato is delicious! The food is also reasonably priced but the gelato is a little pricy. I'd come back. Great hidden find.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,3/2/2013,24,115,2,3,2>It is in every way a normal Chinese restaurant *except* all meat is replaced with vegetarian substitutes--but not like you have ever had it before.Veggie meat is to real meat as a swimming pool is to the sea: there's a lot lacking, more than can really be described. But Yuan Fu somehow makes up a lot of this gap and gives you really satisfying dishes of every variety.You should not miss the duck dishes:  try the appetizer or the hot pot. The calamari-like item in the 'three ways crispy delight' is awesome too. It's all great though, just get whatever you like at any other good Chinese place--the execution is just masterful.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2011,3/1/2013,92,343,2,3,2>TLC really is a cute place that matches the historic downtown flair.  The salon is upstairs and overlooks Market Street.  There was the absolutely cutest pick up pink Cinderella dress on a mannequin by the window (no I did not try it on).  They provide you with a slip and a bra of your size.  The sales associates were very helpful and they (along with my mother) helped to convince me that it's OK to try on things that were originally on my "no" list.  Of course, I loved them.  I had the shop to myself and the appointment after me had to reschedule, so they had no problem spending two plus hours with me trying on different dresses.  I would definitely recommend TLC to future brides!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,2/28/2013,12,35,,2,2>Great secret nail place in the heart of Gaithersburg! I've gotten an acrylic fill in and a pedicure. The color sections is good, filled with name brand nail polishes like OPI, Essie, and Zoya! I am extremely picky about the way my nails look- I had when acrylic names turn out thick and look fake. I forgot the name of the lady who did my nails (she is Asian with long light brown hair and sits on the right side) but she did an excellent job. I told her I wanted them thin and natural looking and that's what she did. I for a french polish and she made the width of the white perfect. She also did my toes and I am very pleased of the way it came out. The acrylic fill in was $17 + $5 (french) and my pedicure was $30. Great, clean place!
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2012,1/5/2013,41,134,2,7,4>Very, very good restaurant that unfortunately is in a horrible shopping center. The parking is horrible, and there are quite a few little restaurants in the strip so it can get crowded during lunch. This restaurant used to be a different Greek place, I want to say the Gryo Place or something with the word gyro in it that I loved. But, in an attempt to ruin my life they closed...and I was out of Greek options in the Olney-ish area, until drum roll the Big Greek Cafe opened. This place definitely filled a void for me. The food is great and the prices are fair. I have had the calamari, fries, and gyro platter a couple times (when I find something good I don't drift too far from it). All have been good.The gyro platter is $10 without a drink and comes with a salad, your choice of sides, and the gyro. The portions are great it was enough for me to split into lunch and dinner. On my most recent trip I tried the Greek roasted potatoes and was a fan. Definitely worth trying. The only downside parking aside, is that I do agree with past reviews in that the customer service could improve. It wasn't horrible but just not that nice or friendly.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,1/4/2013,75,201,2,3,3>This Gallery is located on the second floor of the Pyramid Atlantic Art Center,  a building that houses artists and arts-minded organizations all under one roof. It might be a bit difficult to see from georgia avenue as the building sits further in, so if you're driving look for the large bicycle sculpture up front. There's also a metered parking lot nearby and a few spots (although short time frame) in front of the building itself. The gallery features a variety of works from printwork artists throughout the DC area and hosts gallery openings on occasion. If you live or work in downtown silver spring step in and soak in some art and buy a print or two.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,12/24/2012,81,144,4,5,4>Before I tell you that I LOVE Cluck U Chicken with a passion worthy of naming my child after Cluckster, you must understand that I DO NOT love Fried Chicken or wings. I know I know. At this point, you've probably already stopped reading. But let me explain. I've always enjoyed 2 things, spicy food and fresh food. My Love for those two things came together here at Cluck U. They have some of the spiciest bbq sauces I've ever tasted and some of the freshest chicken. About 5 years ago, I used to work at a Cluck U in Oxon Hill that closed down. And I found out all about this establishment through working here. When it comes to the chicken, Cluck U operates with pride and integrity. The breast bites are all real chicken breasts that the kitchen staff had to cut up into pieces almost daily. Same goes for the wings and the nuggets (but the breast bites are THE BEST). They do not pull them out of a big bag full of frozen already breaded and processed chicken like you'll find with say McD's chicken selects or Pizza Huts already pre packaged buffalo wings. They actually cook the chicken and then put the sauce on it like you would at home. And the sauces range from 911 to Honey Hickory. You can get your chicken smothered in the sauce or on the side though I strongly suggest smothered! The smothered is what makes this place special. You can tell the food is cooked to order because oftentimes you'll get about a 10 minute wait time. ***I cannot vouch for the freshness of the sides because every franchise gets to pick their own sides. And personally, I've never really tried too much outside of the sugar bees (fried dough balls). The bees are made from Pillsbury brand biscuit dough. They take the package of biscuits and fry them in very hot oil. So if you eat Pillsbury than you won't mind eating the bees. And if you haven't  had sugar bees, you're pretty much missing out on life. As far as the fountain drinks, I've never really been a fan of those soda machines at restaurants. It can be very difficult to keep them clean. But at Cluck U they will easily replace your "fountain drink" with a bottled beverage of your choice. Also, many people don't know that Cluck U also offers a wide variety of creative chicken sandwiches that can be purchased fried or grilled (if you're watching your figure). You can also have your chicken for the sandwich dipped in one of the sauces. My favorite one is some type of italian chicken parmesan kind of thing with lots of provolone cheese and lots of marinara sauce yummy yum! The service here is pretty great. The associates will bring your food to your table if you're relaxing or even out to your car. They are very helpful and respectable. My favorite guy will even give you as much blue cheese and ranch as you want. But if the manager's around, they'll charge you extra for the stuff--which sucks but its understandable. But the manager is a pretty nice guy also. They cater here as well! Sugar bees and breast bites are a great addition to any Super Bowl party kind of fare.  Quite frankly, I Love this place. Kind of reminds me of Chick-fil-a only with more pizzazz.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/7/2012,12/23/2012,10,183,2,2,2>Cheap eats alert!  In the area? Make sure you come by here and grab an 8" cheesesteak for just over  $5.  I've known about this spot for years and every time I stop by, it's the exact same delicious cheesesteak each time.  Piled on a soft loaf of bread with mushrooms, cooked onions, thinly sliced beef and topped with provolone.  Now those looking for whiz with, get out of here, this is not your spot.  I honestly have never had the pizza or cold cuts here as many times as I've been here.  The place isn't your largest spot, has about 15-20 chairs and is CASH ONLY.  Also it gets really busy during lunch hours, so make sure you call your order in while driving and have a break from texting and driving.  Oh and parking stinks too.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,12/22/2012,227,313,5,6,4>When I was a kid I loved picking my nose. Ok so maybe I still do when nobody is looking, but this is a place where I can pick fresh fruit and not be ashamed! We headed this way after a day at High Point Farm. They've got acres and acres of land with various fruits and vegetables growing. You get free reign on whatevers in season. All you have to do is drive up to one of the many fields, stop by the little cashier booth and get a bag or two and then you're off. Hook it up all "Green Acres" style. When you're done, bring your bags up to the cashier booth and place them on a scale. The prices are cheap and it's a fun experience for the friends and family. I highly recommend escaping the 1st world challenges of city life like deciding between Whole foods and safeway and just coming out here to get a whiff of nature and see what it's like to actually have to pick the stuff that you would find sitting on the shelfs at your local grocery. It's good fun.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,12/21/2012,46,124,2,6,2>Omg I love me some chicken salad on a croissant at this place! One of my employer's offices is located in this building and when Im hungry and need some lunch I just walk downstairs and order.I highly recommend the chicken salad on a croissant.  It is so delicious! Nice big chunks of chicken with a bit of mayo and some lettuce, tomatoes, and onions on fatty bread.  My mouth is watering just thinking about itThe fries are also good but nothing too special..
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,12/20/2012,366,485,1,6,2>You will not believe how sneaky the bubble tea here is **sniff** yeah.. I said sneaky.. it used it's awesome taste to lure me into this place.. so often that now the owner knows me .. and does not ask what I want.. she already knows..!!Yeah, so much so, that I now LOVE this place.. the customer service is great.. cuz they know me.. See.. it is like having Elite Status with them.. heh! So yeah, the sneaky bubble tea did it for me.. LARGE  Pineapple-Lychee mixed, green tea, half sugar.. boba and Jelly Both.. WHY did I tell you that? Only cuz i dont get to say it anymore .. she already knows! Plus.. to prove to you that I am a glutton when it comes to bubble tea.. or Gummy Bears even.. In case you did not know, they have a punch card.. 10 teas and the 11th is free.. I think I have had at least 6 free drinks here.. no I am not kidding. for real.. Pretty hard core, yeah?!oh and the Tiawanese popcorn chicken.. just get it! Also love the Ketchup omelette fried rice, the fried chicken wings and  the spring rolls!
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,12/19/2012,465,197,2,9,3>Sushi House is my favorite Japanese restaurant in Rockville. It's located in a strip mall, and definitely doesn't have a great exterior. It's easy to miss since it looks just like every other store in the strip. The interior isn't anything fancy - it's definitely a casual dining place. However, they serve fresh fish, have great service, and offer reasonable prices for the quality of food. In particular, their lunch specials are particularly worth checking out because the prices are very inexpensive. I have tried the following dishes:1) Fried tofu appetizer ($4.50): A+The best fried tofu appetizer I've ever had!! The tofu is lightly fried - perfectly crispy on the outside, and so soft on the inside. It comes with a tasty sauce on the side. It's hard for me to describe how great this dish is, but it's so simple and so delicious. 2) Beef udon in soup ($7.95): AI've never had a beef-based broth with my udon before, but I was very pleased. It comes with a generous amount of beef and spinach. My favorite part was the broth - it's clear, with a tad spicy for a kick of flavor, and very aromatic. I slurped up every last drop of the soup. It reminds me a bit of Taiwanese beef noodle soup, but much clearer and less heavy.3) Salmon combo ($~19): AThis is on the pricier side, but it comes with a lot of fish: 3 pieces of salmon sashimi, 3 pieces of salmon sushi, 6 pieces of spicy salmon roll, 6 pieces of salmon roll, and a salmon cup. For those who love fresh, raw fish - this is your stop! I'm not huge on sashimi/raw fish, but my boyfriend always orders this combo and leaves a happy camper.I would recommend the aforementioned dishes the most. We also tried the spider maki, which is good if you're in the mood for a roll. I've always received great service here - the waitress always asks me what I think about each dish, and really seems to take the feedback well.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,12/18/2012,90,125,2,2,2>THE BIGGEST list of VEGETARIAN rolls I have ever seen - salivating and excited, I want to order everything because I just can't decide.  From asparagus to tempura green bean  to Seaweed salad rolls and sweet potato with cream cheese, Yoyogi is my favorite sushi place to date.    Staff is so friendly.  Order your food at the counter and sinfully smile at those amazing prices!  Pay at the register and sit down with your order number.  To distract myself from hunger pangs, I will fill up a glass with water or tea at the self serve stations.  The sushi arrives so fresh with generous fillings.  I always get avocado rolls at sushi places and NO other sushi joint has used as much avocado as Yoyogi.  No skimping here!!!  Furthermore, the rice is superior - savor it!  My husband really enjoyed his fresh Sashimi.  They have outdoor seating, and there is an extra dining area through a doorway.  It can get busy but they move fast.  A gold mine of Japanese food exists at Yoyogi.  You gotta go.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/17/2012,135,137,,4,2>Passage to India's gets its long-deserved boost to 5 stars from its Goat Curry, Baby Eggplant, Garlic Naan, and interesting desserts (rich+homey Shahi Tukra, refreshing Mango Shreekhand).  P2I is prepares some of the world's best curries, intricate combination of spices and hearty flavors.  As a general rule with the DC area's go-to places for top Indian cuisine, P2I rocks the North and Indique reigns the South.Let's start with the Goat Curry, an absolute gem of a dish diverse in its cuts of the meat.  From mini-Porterhouse/T-bones, tendons, to bone marrow, the blend of tender, chewy, and gelatinous of the deeply flavorful yet lean meat pairs divinely with harmony of ginger, garlic, clove, cinnamon, and tomato.P2I's rice pulao is the outstanding: moist yet not over-hydrated basmati rice with plump peas, mini-cashews, and golden raisins for body, nuttiness, and a touch of sweetness.  Since the rice is not seasoned, it works perfectly for all curry dishes.  Be it the rice and cabbage-lettuce slaw (nicely tenderized with a wedge of lemon) or a creamy and crisp garlic naan, the goat is P2I's superstar dish!Not to be missed is the goat's best friend, the Baingan Mirch Ka Salan--whole baby eggplants and jalapenos in a sesame-peanut curry.  Lightly spicy and boldly hearty with nuttiness and body, this dish provides a nice thick veggie pairing for the goat or chicken curries or substantial by itself for vegans.Desserts are fascinating with many milk-based selections.  The Shahi Tukra is a sweet and cardamom-studded bread pudding served piping hot with lots of almonds, pistachios, and sheets of silver for a luxurious flourish.  Nice and sweet, the bread pudding works nicely with a Masala Tea (we prefer without milk).  Also a fun treat is the Mango Shreekhand, fresh slices of tender mango with a nutmeg-flavored yogurt and mint, which provides a refreshing and light conclusion to a satisfying, deeply flavor-rich meal of dynamite spices.Whether it is for lunch or dinner, P2I makes some of the best curries in the DC area.  If you want hearty Indian cuisine or amazing goat, look no further than Bethesda's Subcontinental Gem.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2014,11/4/2014,211,111,9,14,12>Definitely not trying to follow the 5-stars trend for this business, but they deserve it! Located in a tiny shopping center next to a strip of, almost abandoned-like, businesses. I was initially a bit skeptical because it resembled a ghost town--No joke! there were merely any cars in the parking lot and everything looks run-down. But don't let the neighborhood fool you. The food was fantastic!I ordered both the red velvet chicken & waffle and sweet sriracha chicken & waffle. They were amazing! Also, try their truffle fries, it was also worth it. I cannot emphasize enough on how impressed I am with their food.Macarons were OK! not really worth the money because they cost just as much as macarons from any other place (5pcs for $8-$9) and they were kept frozen and in the fridge. That says a lot about the quality and the freshness.Despite the sketchy location, I'd still come here any day! definitely worth the try.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2014,11/3/2014,21,84,1,5,3>This place is currently my new favorite Chinese food spot.  It's located in a strip mall and it doesn't look like much from the outside, but don't let that deter you.  The restaurant is clean, the staff is friendly, the food is really good and the best part -- it's not greasy!  I've been going to another place for awhile and I didn't realize that you could have lo mien without a pool of oil/grease at the bottom of the bowl.  The egg rolls are delicious and not greasy at all.  The crispy spicy beef was cooked perfectly; it had the right amount of crunch and wasn't chewy at all.  The food tastes fresh and I absolutely loved the wonton soup.  I love that they give you those crispy things to put in your soup.  They also end the meal with orange slices and fortune cookies.  Mmm now I want Chinese.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2014,11/2/2014,78,356,1,5,2>Review based on salad and flatbread.When ordering the salad i would recommend asking for dressing on the side. The salad was good but nothing special, probably a more healthier alternative. I don't remember what salad my sister got. I would definitely recommend the flatbread. I like the texture and taste of the flatbread/wrap. It was filling and tasty. I got the creamy parmesan and pesto steak piada flat bread. The steak was juicy. Polenta fries were good (salty but good), came out hot and crispy! They give you dipping marinara sauce but I personally thing it's better without the marinara sauce. I think another thing they could try is instead of seasoning the polenta fries with salt and rosemary it would be cool to add sprinkled cheese to it because I've tried polenta and cheese and it was good!They offer Italian Soda, Wine by the glass (Cute wine pouring machine behind the register), Coca-Cola soft drinks (the cool computer machine)Food is a little on the salty sideService: GREAT service! Really friendly and helpful staff! Great service will definitely have me coming back because food is also pretty good.Parking: street parking or there are many different garages to park in. The roads can get a little hectic but I think they should put a four way stop sign in the huge intersection cus it can get dangerous.Location: Downtown Crown Shopping Center (Across Rio and Taco Bar (Washingtonian Gas) and Ziki) Near the back and not near Harris Teeter. Closer to Smashburgers, Chopt, and La Madeleine. Also some other restaurants and stores nearby are Coastal Flats, Paladar Kitchen, Pour House (opening soon), Harris Teeter, LA Fitness, etc.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,11/1/2014,46,118,3,3,3>Had braces a while ago when I was a teen and didn't wear my retainer on a regular basis. My bad! My teeth start to shift a little and one tooth is poking out of line. I stumbled upon a Groupon deal for invisalign at a decent price and a free consult at Thabet Orthodontics. I've been wanting to fix my not so perfect teeth for a while but had a fear. I remember dreading to go to the Orthodontist when I was a teen. The people would hate life and take it out on your mouth. Ouch! This was the complete opposite experience. I felt like I was in a wonderland of Orthodontics. I made an appointment after work and the location of Thabet Orthodonitcs was very easy to find. Right next to the Shady Grove ER in Germantown. Parking is free and it does tend to get crowded from time to time.As I entered the office... WHOA! Spic and span clean... with toys! Toys for kids and grown ups. The kids had games and I played with the coffee maker. ;-) The front desk staff immediately greets with perfect smiles and how can we hep you service. After all the thorough paperwork I was then greeted by the Certified Orthodontic Assistant, Kait. She was fabulous! Made me laugh and took detailed pictures of my teeth, face, and inside of my mouth. I was then directed to Sandy (Sandra) the Practice and Treatment Coordinator. Sandy was very sweet, detailed, and well organized when explaining my different treatment and financial options. She explained the new technology of braces and different kinds. I had no idea that braces have really evolved into such options of shorter treatment times, less visits, and faster results. Dr. Thabet himself even greeted me, gave a timely exam, and also gave a consult of my treatment plan. I felt very comfortable with Dr. Thabet and his group. They seem to really care about my well being, my teeth, and didn't pressure me into anything! I would have moved forward if it weren't for financial reasons. A few weeks after my consultation, my husband and I found out we were expecting a little one. I'll be postponing my braces but will definitely choose Thabet Orthodontics!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,10/31/2014,194,284,2,4,5>When I think about the term "backstage passes", I think about backstreet boys (i'm that old), or Warped Tour, so some other concert where teenage girls are giddily jumping around and nearly fainting because they're about to meet their idol/pretend-lover. So when I found out I won backstage passes and tix to Amaluna (thank youuuu, Yelp!) I was a bit confused by the backstage part. But it turned out to be pretty freakin amazing. Here's why:I've seen a few Cirque du Soleil shows in my time, but none as intimate as this (the tent, not content!) There is literally no bad seat in the Amaluna DC. I was shocked at how small the tent/arena was actually, but it turns out that [obviously] having a small venue means everyone is happy since you don't need binoculars to see the show. I was expecting a LOT more crazy, insane acrobatics, but since the cast is mainly women, there were fewer of these than I've seen in other shows. HOWEVER, the women in Amaluna are AMAZING. I'm not one to watch a concert/show/performance through my smart phone, but there were times when I really wanted to record the awe-inducing, seemingly impossible, feats that these athletes were accomplishing, but alas, no cameras were allowed. (which is fine, because omg, i was forced to sit back and enjoy a show without worrying about documenting on my iPhone things i will never upload/watch/share/do anything with). So, you've got a small venue, great seats, amazing athleticism/acrobatics/gymnastics, AND there was also a bit of humor - a much needed aspect for women like myself who are toting along our boyfriends, whose only excuse for admitting they like the show is the humor. (i KNOW he liked it, albeit was intimidated by the women who could easily bench press HIM).Back to the backstage pass -- turns out, it's pretty cool getting to see the behind-scenes/ underneath the stage part of Cirque du Soleil. It wasn't the awkward meeting of the artists and asking for autographs that I imagined; instead, we were given insight into the goings-on during the show that the audience doesn't see, as well as the living-quarters of the entire cast and crew. I got a chance to see props up close and in person, see the tiny hallways and tunnels that the artists supposedly luge around in order to enter/exit the stage, speak to a former CdS artist (our tour guide) about what life is really like while on tour, see the workout space, makeup room, etc etc etc. As you may imagine, CdS is a well-rehearsed, amazingly-perfected production. Having the opportunity to see the show - both on stage and off - I'm glad to say I have a new appreciation for the organization as a whole. I just never thought about all of the work that actually goes into production! The Tempest-based show is definitely worth seeing. Hurry, they won't be in DC much longer!
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,10/30/2014,79,39,5,4,4>Happy Chinese Mid-Autumn Festival!! Time to buy some over-priced moon cake.My family always eats at Hunan Delight to celebrate special occasions and anytime we want Chinese food. Why? THE PEKING DUCK! This is the highlight of all the entrees and for less than $30,the duck is cut into slices at your table, served with thin pancakes, scallions, and hoisin sauce. Many other dishes that have been consistently good include their pan-fried bird's nest with a heap of stir-fried seafood on top, fried shrimp with sweetened walnuts, the amazingly tasty peppered steak served on a hot plate, the fried calamari, and sesame chicken that has just the right amount of sweet sauce. Whenever we arrive at Hunan Delight, the servers are always pleasant and accommodating to our large party. We are usually seated towards the back of the restaurant which has round tables that accommodate 10 people each. The servers always brings out fresh cooked rice when they see we run out and frequently refill our waters. Service is always to par with my expectations. Great prices. Great managers! Will no doubt be back soon with my family!!Link: hunandelightmd.com
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,10/29/2014,214,177,4,8,5>Phoenix Nails is one of the cleanest and professional establishments I have been to for my nails.  You will feel like you're at the spa when you're getting your nails done.  All of the employees are great with cleaning the pedicure stations immediately after, which I can really appreciate.  The moment you step through the door, you are greeted and handed a ziplock bag that contains the supplies that your technician will be using to service you. I can't emphasize how much I love how sanitary everything is! I really wanted to keep Hanna a secret, but it's not fair.  It's not fair to her and it's not fair to anyone else looking for an amazing technician.  I drive all the way from downtown Silver Spring and make an appointment at least a week in advance, just to see Hanna.  Keep in mind, there are plenty of places to go to for my nails that are closer.  (Rockville, Silver Spring, Bethesda, etc.)  The reason I travel so far, is because she not only flawlessly does my nails, but I have NEVER had to ask her to change anything.  She's extremely honest, personable, sweet, friendly, and so talented.  She really takes her time and makes sure that everything is perfect, takes pride in what she does, and values every one of her clients.  I will always be Hanna's loyal client, and I'll follow her wherever she goes.  She is just that amazing.  I'm so happy that she's a part of such a beautiful and pleasant nail shop!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2014,10/28/2014,142,262,3,8,6>Most likely the best $6 I've spent in MontCo in years. I loved the lazy river, three slides, multiple pool options and the 15 minute adult swim! They also had plenty of changing and shower areas too. The place is very well maintained. Had a great time I only wish I'd found it earlier in the summer...or previous summers when I was sweating my butt off looking for a pool.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,10/27/2014,57,92,4,6,7>I was in the neighborhood and had heard about this place and decided to drop in. As I walked in there was a guy behind the counter that said "Welcome" to the store and then said if I had any questions to ask and boy did I ask. This was my first time in a "Tea" shop and there were teas galore. I do drink tea, but only liked 3 or 5 types before this visit - regular Lipton tea, Vanilla tea and Peppermint Tea. I have also had Chai Tea and Thai Tea (both iced). So I knew this was going to be an adventure.There are 2 walls that have the different teas - all labeled in its own glass container with a description of what is in each container. Each card under the teas are in different colors and there is a reason behind that (I forgot, but you can ask the guy there - I think his name is Solomon). So for Chocolate Mint, the placard below it was black, giving the description as: "Like a favorite Girl Scout cookie, this black tea has a smooth chocolate flavor with lively mint; perfect after dinner or at any time of the day". It also states if it has caffeine or not and this has High Caffeine. It also lists the costs as well: Small Tin (4 oz) $17.95; Regular Tin (8 oz) $31.95 or 20 Sachets $15.95.You also get the opportunity to smell the tea as you can mix it with other teas either by getting a cup of it in the shop (served to drink...hot) or by taking it home (in the tins or getting sachets). I opted to get a 16 oz cup of tea as I wanted to taste my tea before leaving the area (note to self - don't forget to get something to sweeten it before leaving). So, I mixed the Chocolate Mint (a black tea with high caffeine) with Roasted  Almond (listed as a box of cookies in a cup, looked like a container of nuts and smelled like granola) and the color that came out with this mixture was like violet, but it was delicious.I plan to go back again one day as I would like to try the Virgin Sangria, Island Mango and the Vanilla Cream Rooibos. They smelled so good so I am curious to find out what they will taste like. Overall, it is a nice shop with friendly service - all of your questions will be answered. The cost may be a bit high, but hey, you are not drinking just regular plain tea.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,10/26/2014,813,255,16,25,24>Why was I so anti-sushi for so long?  I finally gave in and tried it a while back, and it's now one of my favorite foods.  And luckily for me, Yuraku is just a few minutes from home.  It has the vibe of your neighborhood pub, where everybody is a regular.  And after one visit, you'll also feel like a regular.The best seats in the house are at the sushi bar.  Under the watchful eye of Sonny, the owner/head chef/ambassador, you see all of the magnificent creations being prepared.  In addition, little morsels of food just show up randomly in front of you on a regular basis to sample.  On recent visits these have included hand rolls, grilled and stuffed jalapeno peppers, a habanero chicken wing, and some fried dishes whose origins I'm unsure of.  But they were all delicious.Some of the rolls I've tried so far and loved are:+Kevin Bacon roll - Yes, the name may be silly, but the roll is amazing.  Filled with shrimp tempura and cream cheese, and topped with fresh mango and bacon.  The sweetness of the mango and the saltiness of the bacon work perfect with the cream cheese and tempura.+The Tim - Tuna, salmon, and yellowtail covered with avocado and fresh jalapeno slices.  Definitely my current favorite.+Firecracker roll - Spicy tuna with salmon and crab.  A wonderful combination of seafood overload.+Treasure Island - Shrimp tempura and cucumber, topped with salmon, guacamole, and fresh jalapeno slices.  The pieces are so large I could barely get my chopsticks around them.Eventually they'll create the FTW roll and it'll be game over.  The only roll I wasn't a huge fan of was the volcano roll, mainly because it was unwieldy with the monstrous topping layer baked on.  And the hot/cold combination wasn't for me.  But it was very tasty.  As far as appetizers, the tuna tataki is so simple and straightforward, yet insanely good.  High-quality tuna that is briefly seared and served with a wasabi sauce.  The grilled peppers appetizer is another winner.  Spicy, long peppers, stuffed with some kind of meat and then fried.  Every word in that last sentence equals happiness.I haven't tried the lunch buffet yet, but based on what I've seen so far and the reviews, I'm looking forward to it.  Note that the space isn't a very large, so there can definitely be a wait at peak times.  But it is so worth it!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,12/16/2013,10,183,2,8,3>Because I normally don't, but I'm giving five bold red yelp stars to this hidden gem. I came out of Kantutas feeling fully satisfied and told myself this is what heaven must be like. I've eaten out at a countless number of restaurants, but this is one I will remember. A pal described silpancho to me and then had the nerve to send me out to Kantutas. Boy am I glad he did. This spot had me coming back twice for back-to-back lunches!  This small full-service restaurant was clean and had such a homey, ethnic feel to it, awesome. The first time through, we had no clue what was going on, so we approached the counter and the gentleman who speaks decent english explained the menu to us a little. Each food item has an english translation. However, the specials, which I will talk about, are in spanish (use your phone to translate it!).Silpancho, say it out loud, sil-pan-cho, put it in your personal dictionary. When it was described to me, I was like what is there not to like on the plate? This dish was mouthwatering. White rice, marinated beef, lightly breaded and quickly fried, topped with two poached eggs, fresh tomatoes, red onions, jalapenos and two pieces of perfectly cooked potatoes, which appear to be steamed or boiled and then fried. I would've preferred the eggs to be more runny or even fried over easy but who cares! There's a universal chili lime dressing that apparently goes with everything and it sure can. The highlight was this mystery sauce which was put on our table, which to me brought the dish to another level. The lady who brought out our glorious plates, walked up to put what looked like a mayo based sauce on the table and then turned around and left, didn't say a word. This has to be good and why yes it was, half the bottle was gone when we left, thanks!Anticucho (beef hearts) is something I adore if it's done right. I've had bad, chewy ones before and yeah, simply unappetizing. These here were absolutely the best I've had. I always complimented Carbon in Rockville, but step aside, the anticuchos here are truly delicious. PERFECTLY marinated, not over salted, awesome texture and very tender. It's served with a peanut, mustard like sauce, oh and lather it up with the chili lime dressing and you have yourself shouting hallelujah. I went back the following day for their lunch special. What's really great, at least to me, is that you don't know what the special is the next day. I asked the guy there and he said it changes everyday, heck yeah. I had the beef in the silpancho, over white rice, but it was covered with this tomato, red pepper type sauce. Again, so delicioso. Anticuchos were just as good and consistent, colleague got the carne asada which was done very well, tender, full of flavor. Portions are very generous here.I hope this place never closes and stays in business a very long time. If feels so homey in here, from the decor to the staff and you have this sense the food is just as authentic as it is back home. It's hard to find these restaurants nowadays where cooks and chefs are trying to hard. KEEP IT SIMPLE! This spot is one of a kind and I will be back to support them.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2013,12/15/2013,813,255,5,10,6>Woodmont Grill was the last stop on the UYE Burger Crawl.  Since there was a 30-minute wait for a table, we decided to eat at the bar.  I missed the first half of the tour, so this was only stop #3 for me.  How Bobby and Anna made it through every stop is beyond me.We came to try the burger, so that's what we ordered...a straight-up bacon cheeseburger.  And we also threw in the Hawaiian Rib-Eye and a Thai Steak & Noodle Salad for good measure. The burger was just awesome.  A huge portion, cooked a perfect medium, and moist all the way through.  Gotta love the thick-cut bacon also.  The unsung hero was the lettuce.  It was just plain iceberg, but shredded so fine that it added to the burger instead of just being another topping.  I like leaf lettuce in salads, not on burgers.  The only downside was that the request for a fried egg to be added was denied.The rib-eye was also amazing.  So tender and flavorful, again cooked perfectly.  I love how the sugars in the marinade (pineapple juice I'm guessing) make the steak sear up with a slight crunch.  Counter that with the marbling (ok, the fat) in the rib-eye, and you can't go wrong.  It also came with a stuffed baked potato of mutant proportions.  After digging through the sour cream, bacon, cheese, and chives you finally get to actual potato.  That's how all baked potatoes should be.But the unsung hero of the dinner was the salad.  Marinated steak, mango, avocado, and noodles...what's not to love?I also have to give props to the bartenders.  The entire time we were there they were busting their butts.  Between taking care of the people both eating and drinking at the bar, people hitting up the bar while waiting for tables, making drinks for the restaurant diners, and handling takeout orders, they never stopped moving.  And they were always pleasant and efficient.  If you sit at the bar, tip them well!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,12/14/2013,103,153,3,3,3>I like this place a lot, though for first timers it can be a little bit difficult to find. But that also adds to the appeal of the place.Very nice atmosphere and really polite staff.  The food items are quite reasonably priced, and there are nice daily specials.The beer and liquor menus are quite extensive and the staff are very knowledgeable and helpful with recommendations.One of the reasons that I go here is for the 4 alarm wings. This is simply the hottest food that I have ever eaten in my life. And I regularly eat and cook with some of the hottest peppers known to man. I think they pretty much just blend habaneros to make the sauce for these wings. My friends and I come here specifically to eat these wings for the painful yet pleasurable experience.  So if you are a hot food junky, you should definitily try out the 4 alarm wings.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,12/13/2013,138,379,3,5,6>At last, Honey Pig has made landfall in Montgomery County! I've waited for this day for so long and my visit tonight didn't disappoint.The new location is just as roomy as its counterparts in EC and Annandale, with that "new car" shine. It was packed tonight (Thursday) at 8 PM and there was a steady stream of patrons even when I left at 9:30. The staff here are well trained, attentive, and friendly - no complaints! However, eating here tonight also reminded me how expensive Honey Pig is compared to AYCE Korean BBQ restaurants. An order each of kalbi and bulgogi set us back a total of $50. This was just enough for 3 moderately hungry people, but you could easily run up a large bill. I remember getting more ban chan at the other locations, but it's no big deal. All in all, this location delivers the same quality and fun dining experience we've come to know and love. Liquor license not yet in effect so don't expect to order beer or soju here just yet. Open 24 hours, expect a wait in the evening hours or with groups 5+.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2013,12/12/2013,95,87,2,6,3>I live near the Hyattsville area and have repeatedly passed this restaurant always wondering if it was worth anything.  I finally had an excuse to visit when sorority hosted a charity event at Franklin's.  Apparently, they offer a deal where they will donate proceeds to party's dinner sells to a charity.  HOW COOL IS THAT?!  I'll admit that at first I was somewhat skeptical about the place. However, I was in for a pleasant surprise.  The food is extremely good.  I honestly didn't have any complaints.  The service is even better.  I would highly recommend the crab cakes, the crab dip, and onion rings.  The pizza isn't bad either.  The food is at a reasonable price and its definitely a family restaurant.  I love the small town feel that you get inside.  I haven't tried the beer but I hears its great.  If you are in the area, I highly recommend that you opt for franklins over Busboys. Unfortunately, they don't offer brunch.  I'm not sure why their management team decided to go that way. I actually think they are missing out on a lot of revenue.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,12/11/2013,66,49,16,16,8>I think 5 stars speaks for itself honestly but some details about Baba's might be nice too :) Shishababa's is about the only hookah place I trust and love in the DMV, and I've been to my fair share of them. It's clean and homey and the staff is amazing. Just amazing. This is the only hookah place I've been to where the owner (Yusuf) will come check on everyone and make conversation. Once you go a few times those that work there will know you by name and it adds to the experience.  It's a little house so space is kind of limited but get there early enough and you've snagged yourself a comfy white couch to enjoy your hookah on! If you don't know what flavor you want, just ask them to make it good. It never fails I double pinky promise!Also, the best prices I've seen so far. No cover fee, plus a flat rate for whichever hookah size you choose. No extra charges here and there for dumb stuff (side eye to all other hookah places) Beware that there are usually a lot of brown people here but I promise, we're all friendly if a little loud :)
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,12/10/2013,335,383,2,12,4>So after my last experience here I vowed to never return again. But on Saturday, my dad suggested we come here for his birthday dinner because he and my mom had never been. Well, how do you say no to that?I had a cake with me when we walked in the door, and the waitress very sweetly asked if she could put it in the fridge for us to stay cold. No nasty looks for bringing in a cake. +1 PointWe ordered the drunken noodles - beef - level 5 spicy, pad see yau - pork - level 4 spicy, 2 versions of pad thai - seafood (one not spicy and one spicy level 8), fried shrimp spring roll, 2 beers, a glass of wine, a thai iced coffee - and the bill was $85. Everything was fantastic. My husband who has eaten at virtually every Thai place in the area except this one said- "From now on- this is our go to place for Thai". The seafood, in particular the shrimp was huge and so fresh. So where the mussels. The portion sizes were large, and we ended up with a good amount of left overs. +1 PointWhen the time came for the cake, the entire staff came out singing Happy Birthday, and they had placed 10 lit candles into the cake (that I didn't bring) and a free mango sticky rice dessert. They were so cute too, because the cake company had written my dad's name on the cake (instead of Dad smh) and so they addressed him by name in the song- we all got a good laugh about that. +2 pointsAfterwards we stuck around to talk, and we never felt rushed to leave the place- like most Asian restaurants do. They also continued to come and refill our water after had already paid the check. +1 pointThis was truly a 180 turn around from my last experience. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,12/9/2013,142,262,,6,6>New Haven Style pizza available in downtown Silver Spring AND for delivery to my front door- I HAVE BEEN DELIVERED!!! This New Haven native has been waiting for Pete's to open for months and today they finally did! The space is absolutely gorgeous inside- about triple the size of the Columbia Heights location. Its in walking distance from SS metro and there's plenty of parking on the street or in the Wayne street garage- pretty convenient. They also have the lunch special: two slices and a drink or a slice, a side salad and a drink for about $8! I couldn't be happier. Pete's Apizza IS authentic New Haven style right down to the extra crispy crust. I didn't notice if they had the Foxon Park soda (manufactured in East Haven, CT) that is quintessential compliment for any slice back home but I'll be sure to check for that next time. Ecstatic for REAL pizza in downtown Silver Spring!!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,12/8/2013,8,31,4,5,5>We stopped by on opening day and we were not disappointed. We ordered two bacon, egg and cheese waffle sandwiches. So delicious!The waffles were toasted to perfection, the scrambled eggs were fresh. The cheese and bacon were a little salty for my taste but it was still fabulous. I will be back. And their motto is so true ... No butter, no syrup needed. Just a note, they can't substitute egg whites, but they do offer an egg white and vegetable sandwich. They also offer a variety of other sandwiches, including sweet alternatives, like Nutella. Can't wait to try that!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,12/7/2013,214,177,4,9,5>***THE OWNERS HAVE CHANGED.  This review was written prior-- (7/18/2013)Best Pho Ga ever. (Chicken Pho)The chicken breast was super tender, and the broth was so deep and delicious.  I would definitely recommend!  Their spring rolls too...I don't know what they put in them, but they are amazing.  The dipping sauce is different than other places.  Not your traditional fish sauce. You must try it.  I ordered the pork chop with rice and egg for my boyfriend to go, and the dish did not make it home!  He didn't even want to heat it up.  I did not try it, but judging from his reaction it was just as delicious as what I ate while I was there.  Pho Bistro is definitely a hidden gem, trust me on this one!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,9/23/2013,142,262,7,9,6>A grocery store  that's 1) close to downtown Silver Spring 2)  Has a real butcher  3) Carries fresh produce 4) Stocks  local dairy products 5)  Has Dirt Cheap Prices and 6) Offers to assist me with carrying my groceries to the car- NOT POSSIBLE, or is it?IT IS- If you go to Sniders Super Foods! I love this place. I'm here all the time. Rather than support Whole Paycheck, whoops I mean Whole Foods, I come to this place. The produce is really fresh. By fresh I mean I can by tomatoes that do not wilt or wither for over a week for example.  The people are always friendly and the meats are really good. Don't see something you want in the meat department, ask the butcher. They can make some fresh cuts for you. Ohhh and did I mention the wine and beer selection in the store? Yea everything you want from a grocery store is right here. LOVE THEM!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,9/22/2013,137,178,5,5,4>Hands Down...my ALL TIME FAVORITE MEXICAN RESTAURANT IN THE AREA!!! This location puts the one in DC to shame!  If you know like I know, you better make a reservation because you can usually find a line of folks waiting to be seated as soon as you enter.  What's all the fuss you ask?  Well, the atmosphere is very lively and the food and drinks are to die for!!!!  It's located at the National Harbor, so the area can be a bit busy, but it's a hip and trendy location....NACHO average Mexican Restaurant.  I consider it a sophisticated Mexican restaurant that thinks outside of the box. I normally order the chicken enchiladas accompanied by frijoles and arroz (rice and beans) and they are scrum-diddley-umptious!  If you order an appetizer, make sure you get the guacamole!!!  They make it table side and it's so fresh and delicious!!!  Try the selection of homemade ice cream for dessert, they're outstanding!I'm the pseudo "bartender" in my family and I can whip up a batch of mojitos and sangrias like no other, but Rosa Mexicano is nipping at my heels for that title.  Both drinks here are delish.  I here they have a pretty popping happy hour, although I've never been.  If it's a nice day, opt to sit on the terrace/deck.  It serves up a healthy portion of sunshine and includes a lovely view of the harbor.  What more can I say, Rosa Mexicano at the National Harbor has it going on....to the break a break of dawn!  LOL!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,9/21/2013,132,354,4,3,3>Let me just start off, I HATE hiking. I was complaining when my friends were like "lets go to Billy goat". Complaining all the way until we got there. But anyways, this trail was AWESOME. When my parents took me hiking, it was so boring! It would be a trail just up the mountain. No nothing. Just walking up hill. I thought this  was like that, but boy was I wrong. This trail is nothing I've been to. There was a lot of climbing, lot of sitting on the big rocks to look over at the river, and not a lot of up hill walking (yay). We went from section A, to B, to C. The walk back to the parking lot was pretty, along the waters, and we could see turtles and fishes in the water and the land was flat! Overall I had a great time, I love sitting on the rocks and looking out onto the waters. So relaxing. Just remember that they charge you 5$ per car. We went on Sunday around 3pm.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/20/2013,60,50,2,4,4>More people need to know about this place.The fish sandwiches are great, but the fish tacos are incredible. So good. I don't think I've ever eaten a fish taco before coming here. And now all I want are fish tacos. In fact, I'm going to learn how to make fish tacos myself this summer. Of course, that won't stop me from coming back to Fishnet because that's how amazing their fish tacos are. I also recommend the fish sticks, although they look more like fish tater tots than sticks. I would skip the fries though. They look good, but the texture is kind of hard like they haven't been cooked long enough.Fishnet isn't the cheapest place to eat around College Park, but it is seafood and it is very fresh. The prices are very reasonable for what you get.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,9/12/2013,366,485,6,5,3>swadisht sasta tikaoo desi khannaaa...!!Oh English .. right!Yes - Tasty, Cheap, dependable homey Indian Food.. YES please! This is how you do it.. Enter the place was a swag, smile back at the smiling welcoming dude, and if you are vegetarian, then say the following - Pay attention, and  repeat after me..." Can I please have a Naan Pizza, with Tikki Masala Sauce, grilled veggies and paneer, Onions and some cheese"That is it! The smiling dude will spring into action, bring out a soft home-made peice of bread from under a damp cloth, press it on a pan, cover it was tikki masala sauce (which is full of crack, heh.. yes, I checked in the back, they pour oodles of crack into the sauce as it cooks). He will then go on to generously spread paneer(home-made cottage cheese) chunks on it, some grilled veggies in sauce and all the other yummy stuffHe will then throw the whole thing in a HOT oven, and lo-behold, by they time you pay up, reach your seat, take a sip of the Honest tea you just purchased, the pizza is right in front of you!!! All yummy and flavorful..! EVERY bite of my pizza was awesome!I also shared the samosa chat with a friend, and trust me, it is legit! Freshly fried samosas, piping hot (Oh, I am a Samosa Connoisseur, I KNOW when a samosa is fresh) - just get it with all the works.. it rocks!I wish I lived closer, I would have come here again.. and again and yet again!
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,9/11/2013,133,187,2,8,2>Please don't judge the store by the name.I have been meaning to add this place to my usual circle of thrift spots but given the name "Upscale" being in their name, I have always thought it to be more of a high end resale shop and I am more into digging for hidden treasures than paying high $ for things at resale shops.Decided today I would go in just to see what the place was like and glad I did. Now I know that there is nothing to be afraid of as the name suggests.I was greeted by a friendly employee who offered to show me around. I immediately went for the glassware section and was very happy with the selection. I also noticed many very nice pieces of antique furniture and a book section that looked like a mini library and was organized by category.I found a few neat items, an antique iced tea pitcher and an egg coddler and I will be back.4 stars because the place did have that thrifty smell which made me not want to look through the clothing racks.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,9/10/2013,128,414,2,5,5>I'm in love with this place. Cute interior, and they also have outdoor seating. Normally, I'm not a huge fan of almond and chocolate croissants, but this place changed my mind. They were even better than ones I ate in Paris- a perfect balance of flavor. The chocolate croissant had a thin layer of dark chocolate that I'm still dreaming about to this day. The macarons are the real reason I come, though. I've eaten a LOT of macarons (frankly, probably too many). This place has some of the best I've ever had. They manage to get a fantastic balance of crispiness and softness. It's hard to pick favorite flavors, but my go-to flavors are vanilla bean, lavender (with a chocolate filling!), pistachio, and raspberry. But if I were you, I'd just ignore that list, because they are all freaking good. They also pack them in adorable boxes that make me happy, and they make great gifts for your macaron-loving friends.I have yet to try the cakes, cupcakes, or coffee- but it's just a matter of time. Two thumbs up- come here if you have taste buds.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/9/2013,227,313,6,7,3>I found out at the last minute that one of my co-workers' birthday was the next day. We were like "OH S***"! We should get a cake! After being referred to go to Gerards I was like "It's in Oxon hill????" Since when? It's THAT good?...and it's in the ghetto? I called them at around 4pm (they close at around 6pm) to see if they had anything under the counter. After hearing the choices, I opted for a Red Velvet that could feed 8 -12 people for $49. That seemed kinda pricey, but I didn't feel like searching all over so I said I'd take it. They asked me what it was for and I told them about the birthday. Then they asked me what I wanted to put on it. Oh wow, Happy birthday so-and-so. I rushed over there, risking my life as I drove through the mean streets of Oxon hill (HAHA). When I walked inside and looked at the what was displayed I was surely impressed. It all looked SO GOOD! I bought a chocolate mousse cup and a tiny strawberry cheesecake for personal munching. The Red Velvet cake came out really F****ing beautiful. It had crushed nuts around the side and chocolate flakes and strawberries on top. I also liked the fact that it wasn't too sweet, but just right for me. I was pretty happy with the purchase and I'll be heading back for more.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2013,9/8/2013,46,118,3,3,5>I've been coming to Olazzo's for a few years now and it seems to never disappoint. I am very glad they expanded the place. They needed the extra room!My husband and I were greeted with friendly hostesses and there was a wait of 20 minutes. We gave them my cell phone number so they could text us when our table was ready. I thought this was pretty neat and I was free to roam the streets of Bethesda without worrying about a buzzer range.The bread and simple balsamic vinegar and olive oil was tasty. The bread was soft and warm. We ordered the calamari to start with and it was fabulous. My husband is not a huge fan of seafood but he practically ate the whole dish. The calamari had a crispy and great flavor to it. The calamari was not chewy and just melted in your mouth.For entrees we ordered the chicken cardinale and the linguini with clams. The chicken was very moist and tender. The sauce was a bit too creamy for my taste but the husband loved it. The linguini with clams had a wonderful light lemon white wine sauce. It was so good I couldn't even describe it and ended up eating my whole meal. The service was great... fast, efficient, friendly, and straight to the point. -1 star for the noise level. We sat near the bar area and it was pretty loud. Hard to carry a conversation. Will return!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,9/7/2013,296,298,10,6,11>Jimmie Cone is the ideal place to fall in love with a summer fling. It's the ideal place to take someone on a date and spoon feed each other vanilla custard or a banana split sundae. I grew up in a nearby town, and we'd always hop in the car for the quick trip down 124 to Jimmie Cone. Speeding along 124 at 60 mph, winding around curves, we were anxious to get our ice cream on plus sprinkles. Jimmie Cone represents what America is all about: ice cream. This family establishment evokes so many nostalgic memories of my peak years in high school.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2012,3/19/2013,80,121,3,4,2>wow! this place has gotten really popular!  I went here all the time last year when I used to live nearby, and really loved it.  Delivery was a huge plus.  It's a very quaint family-run restaurant in a very secluded center.  The waitress/chef's wife is super cute, and she always remembered how we liked our food (spicy) and thai iced tea (less milk).  The whole family is incredibly sweet, her mom (who sometimes cooks) and husband are incredibly accommodating and friendly.  I don't know how many times they've given us drinks/extras on the house.The nice front-of-the-house lady was extremely preggers last summer, and was out of commission after she had her baby girl.  She told us their friends were going to take turns helping out at the restaurant since she couldn't be there for a while.  Shows how much people love them :)Sorry, on to the food... You can never go wrong with pad thai and pad see ew.  I highly recommend the seafood ka-pow (in a basil oyster sauce) and angel wings (crab/shrimp stuffed chicken wings).  tom yum kai is pretty ok too.  We've tried a lot of other dishes, but I can't remember them at the moment.  I'll just have to update next time we come here!  This place could definitely use a fixer-upper (calling Robert Irvine!) but the service and home cooking makes it worth the inconvenience going out there.
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/18/2013,22,12,2,1,1>I can't express how much I LOVE this place. The food is absolutely amazing every time I come here, and the service is phenomonal. We've had just about everything on the menu (except the flaming cheese- not a big fan of flames in such a cramped restaurant). My favorites: Lamb Chops any of the Risottos, Lamb Meatballs and any of thier Dips (especially the Haloumie!!!) I was initially surprised that they wouldn't take reservations, but I have never had a problem getting a glass of wine at the bar while I wait for a table, or if it is just a couple of us, ordering food at the bar. I have never had a bad experience with any of the waitstaff here, they are all well trained and friendly!One minor nuisance- the restaurant is TINY. I've tried to book a large party here, and they are absolutely not able or willing to accomodate a group, even for a special event. So sad that I have to avoid one of my favorite restaurants on all special occassions. If I could take away half a star I would, but the food and service have never failed me before, so I won't sacrifice a whole star for this one issue. I've already adjusted to what they can offer.I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who likes good food. It's not as "Greek" as other Greek restaurants I've been too (and I love Greek food), but maybe that is why it appeals to so many different palates. AMAZING food, great service, but not for large groups or if you don't have time to wait for a table.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,3/17/2013,15,52,,1,1>Taco Bar is the greatest hidden gem in the Washingtonian Center in Gaithersburg. Every time I bring a friend, most seem hesitant because of its location within a gas station, but quickly realize what they have been missing out on. The portion sizes are huge, the tortillas are delicious, and the fixings bar is fresh and abundant with all you would want to top a taco with.I started getting chicken and beef tacos, then moved on to the "burritos platos," which is like a burrito bowl with a sizable portion of rice, beans, meat, and sour cream. If I'm more hungry I get two tacos that can divided into four for me, and when I'm less hungry I go with the "burritos platos" which also has me full.Bottom Line: come to Taco Bar and you will never want to step foot into Uncle Julio's or Guapo's again (unless you need some alcoholic beverages with your meal). Best bang for your buck in the area!
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2012,3/16/2013,23,24,1,7,2>Not sure why this place isn't packed. I've been about 4 times now and I've never been disappointed.  I have never eaten in, just carry out and had a drink at the bar while waiting. Bartender is skilled (ace). I always ask him to just mix something good and I'm never disappointed. The worse part about the experience is the bar height. Its very annoying and just plain dumb. Worth overlooking for a temporary experience. I hear Wednesday night is ladies night.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/16/2012,3/15/2013,12,105,2,5,3>I've been a fan of the Jerk Pit since it's days in the Campus Village shopping center about a mile south of its current location. The food is what I care about most, and it usually doesn't disappoint. I'm a huge fan of the beef patty, but the chicken patty is good, too.  I usually go for the curry chicken which is tender, nicely portioned, and delicious. The curry shrimp is good as well, but the smaller portion makes me feel like I didn't get a good value for what I paid.  The rum cake is a nice addition, if you're in the mood for dessert, but I wouldn't call it essential.  One complaint I do have is that they make a set amount of food for the day, so when it's gone, it's gone!  This usually happens to me when I try to order a beef patty.I don't typically go to the restaurant and prefer delivery.  The location itself is awkward now because it's actually in the former "College Perk" coffeehouse location.  It's most accessible when driving south on Rte. 1, but if you don't mind holding up traffic you can turn in heading north.  There's a gravel parking lot, but at my last visit it wasn't marked.  My biggest frustration has always been delivery because it usually takes a while. It also starts later, so lunch is usually out for me.I know some people have complained that it's not a welcoming environment. I think it's fine because I'm not there to make friends, but to get some food.  The owner/manager is wonderful, though. She's always very friendly when I go in or when she delivers food.If you haven't been yet, a good introduction would be with a restaurant.com coupon or something similar like Groupon, Living Social, if they have them.  They've honored these within the last year and it's a good way to get more for your money.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,3/14/2013,4,8,2,7,2>Plays! Go see a children's play here! We try not to miss a show. My 8yo and 4 yo have loved every single thing we've seen. The early childhood shows are amazing (worth the difficulty finding their listing on the website!) and an incredible deal. The regular theater shows are just magical, and only a little bit more expensive (esp after the ticket surcharges) than Adventure Theater for a higher production quality at IS. My kids come home from these plays with imagination just overflowing; putting on costumes, dancing, singing....One other reviewer mentioned Dr Doolittle, so I'll respond: that one was probably dicey for the 8-12 yo set; my 4 yo was totally fine with that production- loved it in fact- but didn't get anything beyond the superficial (very fun) layers of the story. My 8yo was close to understanding what it meant when symbolic language was used to show that two characters (and a horse) died as part of the frame story. A touch older or more savvy and this might have been a tough show for him. Mom & Dad definitely had the sniffles in that one. point being: It's HARD for someone else to say what the right show for your child is; look at the reviews, take into account the theater's suggested ages, but decide for yourself.Camp! 4yo loves it so far. (one day in.)Parking is easy, and it's on a relatively quiet street, at least for downtown Bethesda.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,3/13/2013,37,16,,8,3>I wasn't going to write a review for this place, but now that I know what a bad haircut is like, I now know what is good.I recently took my dog to Hairy Situations in Alexandria and they shaved my dog down to essentially a buzz cut for dogs.  My dog is a rescue and a mutt but has a sheperd/collie type of coat.  A buzz cut or any type of shaving is not a standard thing you should be doing for that type of coat/hair.  I know this because I took him to the Groomery for his first ever grooming.  I wasn't too sure of what he needed since he was young and he's my first dog.  They took a look at him and assured me that they would take of him, and yes they did!! He came out looking perfect!!!  He was trimmed and clean in the all the right places.  I could have sworn he was wearing a little invisible bow tie he looked that handsomely good.  I should have known better to let any other place touch my dog.  I've learned my lesson and will never stray from this place again.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/12/2013,75,201,3,3,3>Much to my dentist's dismay, I'm an avid tea drinker. I wouldn't say I was a tealeaf sensei but I'd like to think that I know my way around a oolong and darjeeling. Yes, tea has it's benefits but tea shouldn't be consumed solely for its benefits (perceived and substantiated), it should be taken in as a calming, enjoyable experience - free from high-pressure sales tactics and over-promising on products *sideeyes Teavana*. This place really understands that calming moment quietly relaxing with a cup of tea, providing a small but welcoming atmosphere to do so in. I decided to try out the coconut oolong and posted myself by the window watching the world go by between sips. Yes it is small, but it's comfortable, zen, relaxing, has GREAT tea and free wifi! If you love tea or just want to support a nice local business, please give them a try :)
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,3/11/2013,167,129,8,8,4>I'm so used to being bamboozled by sushi places... little did I know, that until I met Grace's, I was being abused.... Mentally and stomachlyI was swimming around my house trying to figure out something to eat and I picked up a book that said.. "Sushi is healthy" (THE EXACT QUOTE). Well I got dressed and rolled out of my house to try to get my OMEGA-3 on! I put in my order for a rainbow roll and seaweed salad. I asked that I have crab meat instead of Krab and I was nicely informed and (shocked to hear) that they intended on using real crab meat anyway. Err? Forrealz? Was I wrong to ask? Have I not been conditioned to think that the crab was going to be fake? So I paid, grabbed my bag and headed home. I opened my bag, which was packed with love and care and dove in. The rainbow roll is delicious. So fresh! So... hold on... taking a bite... and.... yum! What was I saying?Anyway, try this place out! They have a sushi and cocktail hour every day from 3-7 pm and TVs, but make sure you get the sushi!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,3/10/2013,16,13,,9,2>My family and I have been taking vehicles here for service and repairs for over 15 years.  They are masters at diagnosing hard to pin point problems, perform their work quickly, offer competitive pricing, and are always courteous. My first step in evaluating any potential used car purchase in the DC area is to take it by this shop. In addition to doing an extremely thorough job inspecting the vehicle, the staff possess an encyclopedic knowledge of different brand and models ins and outs. A nice bonus is they offer a drop-off/pick-up at the local metro station to help reduce the inconvenience of servicing your vehicle.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2011,4/8/2013,12,103,6,4,5>Yes, it is a gas station. I generally make a rule of not eating in gas stations, other than the occasional sandwich from Flying-J's. However, Mangino's will be my regular exception to this rule. My husband and I tried this place after reading other Yelp reviews for pizza in the Gaithersburg/Germantown area. I was craving a New York or artisan style pizza (basically not Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, etc.), and found just what I was looking for here. We got an XL with sausage and onions, and it was awesome and thin and delicious. In fact, what made me remember to review this place is the fact that we are going back there tonight to pick up another pizza! We're also going to try one of their hot subs. Tried the wings last time, and was not in love, so I won't waste my calories there.Even though they do not advertise it on their website, they do have delivery as well as take-out at this location.I would not suggest eating-in, because HELLO it is a gas station. The prices are really good, and they have daily specials.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,4/7/2013,142,265,3,3,4>One of the best meals in the DMV area! 100% best fries!!!! Do not share, get your own and protect them from any fry stealers lurking about... they are ridiculous, they make me want to go into the kitchen every time and hug the chef. I usually tend to get the shrimp souvlaki pita wrap, it's awesome, and I love the big chunka feta in the middle. I like their spinach spanikopita too, but i usually don't have room for it, that you MAY share :)
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,4/6/2013,809,288,6,12,8>This has to be the best Ethiopian food that I've ever had!Appetizer-Chicken sambusas, pastry shells filled with vegetables and chicken ...tasty little devils.You can't beat the prices, perfect if you are dining on a tight budget. Glass of wine $3.50, honey wine is sweet and delightful $6 a glass. A full platter of offerings for two  the  Combination #6 for  $25.95, chicken alicha, lamb alicha,  beef wot with four vegetables . We were stuffed and could barely finish it all. Plenty of vegetarian options as well, platters for 2 run $20.I definitely see myself coming back. The environment has a nice café feel so whether you are having an intimate dinner or you want a bite to eat and are on your computer or studying, this is a nice quaint little spot that serves Ethiopian food with BIG flavor! The service is great, seems people just come in here to hang out on a late night. I would too just because it's so pleasant! No complaints whatsoever! FROM NOW ON I WILL NEVER  ROLL MY EYES WHEN SOMEONE ASKS ME IF I WOULD LIKE TO GO OUT FOR   ETHIOPIAN AGAIN, however I will kindly suggest that we go to Shagga!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/5/2013,135,137,3,5,6>Wildwood Kitchen (WK) is simply the most exciting foodie experience in a long time.  It has brought back the foodie excitement for me and my dining companion.  Simply put, the outstanding trinity of food, ambiance, and service made it a casual version of our favorite experience at Marcel's!As fans of Chef Robert Wiedmaier and having tried his other four restaurants (Marcel's, Brasserie Beck, BRABO/Tasting Room/Butcher's Block, and Mussel Bar), we were thrilled to try Wildwood Kitchen.  Walking in on a late afternoon (a real plus since lunch is offered Tuesday through Sunday from 11am-5pm), we were struck by its beautifully designed and decorated interior.  The dark green tones, solid tables, glass, and big herb plants by the windows where we sat (lots of natural light to warm the winter) were matched by high ceilings, lighter colored wood floor, and glass jars of homemade cocktail components at the end of the bar.A trademark to Chef Wiedmaier's restaurants has been outstanding service.  Our server Shane epitomized the WK's theme: a neighborhood restaurant that is comfortable and approachable yet maintaining the high standards of fine dining of being knowledgeable and professional.Having heard that WK was going to be a lighter take on French cuisine reflecting Chef Wiedmaier's personal commitment to health eating, we could see it reflected across the menu and on our table--EVOO infused with rosemary and with chilies.  Both had wonderful flavors (chili being quite spicy for Mediterranean standards) and whet our appetites.For appetizer, we naturally went with seafood, which happens to be our favorite section of food as well as a good way to gauge the kitchen's abilities.  We ultimately decided on the Crispy Sardine, which was absolutely divine in flavor, texture, and balance!  Quite simply, one of the best fish dishes ever!For entree, my DC ordered the Clam Pappardelle, a symphony of flavorful clams, tender pasta, earthy chanterelles, savory cheese, and lightly bitter pesto.  This was one of the best pasta dishes we had in recent memory, rivaling the top ones at Fiola.  To warm up, I chose the rich Kobe Burger, which shined in its naturally decadent glory--supremely juicy in the traditional medium.  Adding depth were the smoked Havarti, sauteed Onions and Shiitake.  Paired with a salad of Bibb Lettuce lightly dressed, the burger had great balance.Thoroughly impressed, we decided to order dessert, which has traditionally been most fine dining restaurants' weak spot.  The Cappuccino Torte did not disappoint.  It was wonderfully aromatic with hazelnuttines in its Creme Anglaise and crunchy candied forms, adding delightful layers to the Tiramisu torte itself.  A generous dollop of Whipped Cream (had a pleasantly mascarpone-like substance) found its way into our coffee, which was surprisingly light-roasted yet nicely flavored.Not coincidentally, heading the kitchen that day was Chef Brian McBride, former Executive Chef of Blue Duck Tavern and Partner-Chef of the Wiedmaier restaurants.  After some so-so experiences at Mussel Bar, we had not gone for a while until our last visit, when Chef McBride just happened to be there.  Needless to say, the same pizzas that were hit-or-miss were all home runs when he was present!  And despite being a far more casual restaurant than Marcel's, WK turned out food impressed us on equivalent levels as Chef Wiedmaier's flagship.Being the closest proximity to us among Chef Wiedmaier's 5 restaurants is a real plus, too!  We are really excited and planning what to order next at Wildwood Kitchen!
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,4/4/2013,71,110,3,3,3>So I dont know where I have been for the past 10 years but apparently it has not been at Whole Foods.I have always seen it around, I have passed by them hundreds of times, but I have never actually walked into one.  I went here late one night to pick up some Dessert cake with the GF and I was in awe.  This place had so many different food items that I have tried getting but never really knew where they were sold except for online.  I eat healthier these days then I did when I was younger, and this place provides great products for a better lifestyle.One thing that was very impressive is their selection of fresh Fish and Meat.  Looks like they actually have butchers here.  Im gonna have to come here one day and pick up some steaks for the grill come Spring.Needless to say I will be coming here more often.  The staff was also very friendly and helpful.  They made suggestions and recommendations based on what I was looking for.Overall a great place.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,4/3/2013,110,237,2,4,2>Either I was really hungry or the food was just really good. I rarely give 5 stars but this place was really good! Their salty and crispy shrimp was the best I've ever tasted. Full of flavor and so crispy that you didn't even have take off the skin of the shrimp. Just eat it with the shrimp! It's delicious! The wonton soup is also pretty exceptional. Not too salty but tasty and lots of wontons! Woot!Another great menu item is the three cup chicken. Quite meaty and very delicious. They are also known for the beef noodle soup. I was so full by the time I got to the soup, I didn't get to really try it. But there was definitely a lot of meat in it. Definitely would be more than filling for one person.Not only that, the owners are extremely nice. They came out to make sure we were having a good meal midway through our dinner.Bottom line: I would definitely come here again. Crispy salty shrimp woo hoo!!!
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,4/2/2013,614,994,27,19,9>If your brother comes to you and says "OMG, we should go to Zumba together! It's sooooo much fun"...wonder if he has just bought a multi-million dollar life insurance policy on you...because you're surely gonna die by the end of the class.  Heh.A few lessons learned:1) If you have no rhythm, don't dance, and think "eating competitions" is a legit sport...then you will look like one of the hippos from Fantasia in Zumba class.2) Be prepared to collapse in hysterical laugher when you're doing some of the "suggestive" moves next to your brother...can we say "awkward" and "does my therapist work on Sundays?"3) Bring water...not that you'll have time to drink any.  But bring it anyways, so you can stare at it longingly.4) The studio is hidden away BEHIND the Citibank. I drove around for 10 minutes thinking this was going to be a Harry Potter at the train station thing, where I need to stand between the 13th and 14th platform to get to the 13 1/2 platform or something.  It's basically like that.  Only, it's behind the Citibank (on the side that's away from the patio furniture store).5) Get there 15 minutes early...the studio is kinda small and it fills up fast, so if you want a "good spot" get there early.6) What is a "good spot" you ask?  Well, we were there with my brother's incredibly fit and gorgeous friend who evidently Zumbas EVERY DAY (yeah, if she wasn't so nice and so much fun, I would hate her) and she wanted a spot *up close*.  TRUST...that is NOT a "good spot".  A "good spot" is not up front with all the other super fit and Zumba-pros up front...because you'll look even worse than you think you you do.  A "good spot" is near one of the fatties that are hiding in the back corner.  Trust me, you want to hang out with them, because you won't feel *quite* so out of shape and clumsy. Heh.  I know, I'm a horrible human being...but I'm the fatty you want to stand next to so you'll look super fit and pro.7) No matter how fit you think you are...you are NOT fit enough for Zumba.8) The instructors here are SUPER perky.  You will feel like killing them about 10 minutes into your class when you're sure that you're about to have a heart attack.  Here's a pro-tip...you will be so exhausted at that point that you won't be able to lift your arms to strangle them. HAHA!I kid, the instructors are actually ridiculously nice...just too damned perky when I'm that tired.9) If you're a single guy and you want to meet some hot girls...forget about OKCupid, or speed-dating or going to the grocery store on Saturday mornings.  You want to get into this Zumba class.  Sure, about 1/3 of the class were old and total fatties like me...but the other 2/3 were some *gorgeously* fit ladies. And you can check out how well they move without coming off like a creeper. I'm just sayin'.10) After you're done, head across the street to Jumbo Jumbo for a bubble tea and popcorn chicken.  Trust, it's crucial.All joking aside, this was a cute little studio, and it was incredibly fun and friendly.  My only wish was that the instructors would have done more repititions with some of the moves.  It seemed like every time I mastered one move...they would then move onto something totally different.  I'm told there is one instructor who is better about doing the repititions so you don't feel so lost every time they change a song, so maybe I'll update this review once I tried her out.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2013,4/1/2013,10,65,2,4,1>If you are fan of noodles in a soup broth with other mixens, then this is the place for you.  Their ramen meals are all very similar if you've never been here before, so don't stress out about what to pick.  To make things even easier, their menu is very limited with roughly five ramen options at any given time (they have specials also).  Other than ramen, they have some appetizers/sides typical to asian food like "dumplings" and "egg rolls" (best way to explain since).  Ramen is very "brothy", and hence very salty...you stomach will feel full very fast.The restaurant (not sure if I would call it this) is very small, like only nine tables.  Service is very quick, and they only take cash.  Ramen is apparently rare in this area, so be prepared to pay a little more than you would expect for ramen.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/31/2013,386,693,,5,4>Some observations...- I asked for a tire rotation with my oil change, and they came back and told me, "We looked and measured your tires, and they're all about the same. I don't think you need to rotate your tires. Is that okay?"- I was also sitting in the very clean waiting room enjoying their collection of well-stocked magazines, and about three different workers - mechanics and front desk people - came through and all gave me a smile and a wave hello. Seriously, who does that?- The bathroom attached to the waiting area is immaculate! Not only clean but beautiful! Why would that even be necessary at an autobody shop? I have no idea! But it's amazing!- I think this place is actually called "Auto Clinic."
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,3/30/2013,3,18,9,3,2>This place is AMAZING. I was drawn in by their delicious, soft, succulent wheat bread. I blame my friends who purchased it the day I was driving with them. I mentioned how much I love wheat bread and they were like, "But you haven't had Dutch Country wheat bread". And I'm all like, "Um, yeah I have. I get it all the time at Giant. Duh." Of course, they looked at me like I was mad. Apparently, Dutch Country brand and Dutch Country Farmers Market are two entirely different things. Go figure.After finishing off one whole loaf of bread in a couple of hours I decided that I gots to check this place out and see what it's all about. So one random day I decided to drive from my workplace (Gaithersburg) all the way to Laurel. Non-stop. Luckily, for me traffic on 270S, 495S, 295N and 197N was awesome. It was like the little Dutch Country Farmers Market gods were on my side. I got there around 3pm and it was already packed. Mind you, it was a Thursday. I was shocked. I was like I'm never visiting this place on a Fri or Sat cause I think I'll run mad! (Me + crowded places = a frustrated Vivi). I walked in and (ran) walked immediately to the bakery section and I was in heaven. I could've gone haywire and by each item in that section..but I didn't. I got my wheat bread, and white bread, and pound cake. I also got a large cookies-n-cream ice cream cone. HEAVEN. I also walked around the store to get myself acclimated and remember which section is which so when I come in there again I can act like I've been going there for eons instead of it being my 2nd time. Check it out! You will not be disappointed.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/7/2014,6/5/2014,327,1182,5,6,6>In the 70s, long before fancy ice cream brands, the Dairy at the University of Maryland was the place to go.  It was near Richie Colosseum by Route 1.  I haven't been back since I graduated and just thought it was gone.  While walking in the Student Union, I was pleasantly surprise that a shop existed.  I was happy to savor it again 30 years later.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,6/4/2014,93,114,4,7,3>My first time trying soup dumplings aka xiao long bao (XLB) and I really like them.I was here back in February and I wanted to try everything on their extensive menu. However, we stuck to the standards....scallion pancakes, leek dumplings, soup dumpling (3 orders of 6), spicy wontons and the chef's special pan fried pork dumplings.This was my first time here and everything we ordered was new to me. The scallion pancake was pretty tasty. My Sisters thought they were a little dry but with some of the sauce from the pan fried dumplings, I thought they were delish! The pan fried dumplings were good like most potstickers are. The spicy wontons came in a large soup bowl and the spicy sauce looked very scary. It was a dark maroon red and even though I refused to serve from the bottom of the bowl, my mouth was still on fire. The leek dumplings were nice but even better with a little bit of the spicy sauce.Soup dumplings were served with a special dipping sauce....soy with vinegar. I am not a fan. I think it is the vinegar. You have to be very delicate peeling the individual dumplings with the thin skins off the parchment paper or you risk spilling the soup from the delicate package into the bamboo steamer abyss. Not an easy task with chopsticks but don't even think about using a fork.For the uninitiated, you gently grab the top of the dumpling and pull at an angle to maneuver your dumpling onto your soup spoon. A hole should be poked through near the bottom of the dumpling so you can drink the hot soup without spilling a drop. You will be lucky to get a mouthful of liquid before you dip the dumpling in soy (ask for regular soy sauce or use the pan fried dumpling sauce) and devour the little bundle.Nom nom nom...hopefully, you did this right without dropping or spilling or making others at the table laugh at you. This is an art form and I encourage a lot of practice to fully enjoy the experience.The 3 of us stuffed ourselves silly and even took home an order of uncooked soup dumplings for Dad...with tip we only spent $55. Not too bad!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,6/3/2014,139,897,4,5,4>This is a nice Park for kids.  Decent number of parking spots but it can be a challenge to find parking on weekends.  They have plenty of swings and slides for kids and other stuff too that will keep them busy for hours!The floor at the park is all rubber tiles which considerably reducers injury when kids take a fall.  They have the best looking kiddie swing! There a also a couple of port-a-John's to use!
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,6/2/2014,177,258,3,6,2>Three Kinds Crispy Delight $13 (6/5 NOMs) Get your taste buds blow away three different ways. Its like having three different kind of meats, but none of it is actually meat. Mushrooms are my favorite, fallowed by yummy eggplant and fake chicken all glazed in sweet sauce. Each individual crispy delight has a unique flavor. Comes served with your choice of white or brown rice. The portion is so big that you might just have trouble finishing, but don't be surprised if you stuff yourself sick. Its just so good, you might not be able to stop. This is by far our most favorite dish at this place. Must try!Beef with Mix Vegetables $12 (4/5 NOMs)All your beef fake. Can't believe this is not real meat, looks and taste just like meat. Though maybe more like chicken then beef. You are pretty much ordering a vegan sesame beef. Very light and soft, this is one very nomnom dish. Served with a side of white or brown rice. I thought vegetables, which were all broccoli were a bit bland. Just make sure to dip them in a nice sesame sauce and its all yummy all over. There is a cherry on top, which is kind of weird since its not an ice cream, or is it? Excellent strange dish that anyone will enjoy.Duck Ginger Hot Pot $13 (4/5 NOMs)Hoooot pot! Oh and it is hot, served scolding hot and still boiling. Mix of nice big mushrooms, sliced ginger, spinach and other vegetables. Cooked in a very yummy light sauce. Comes with a choice of white or brown rice. Very soft and sliced thin pieces of duck tasted just like real meat.Crispy Black Mushrooms $8 (6/5 NOMs)Ones you go mushroom, you can't go back. Get ready for your taste buds to explode with joy. This is an appetizer unlike any you've tried before. Crispy black mushrooms coated in super nomnom sweet sauce. Our first nomnom at a 100% meat-less restaurant and can't way to go back. Perfect appetizer to start your vegetarian foodie adventure.Chinese Style Sausage Fried Rice $10 (5/5 NOMs) Vegans love sausages too! Especially when its all fake, fake meat. If I didn't know any better, I would say they fed us real sausage. Taste so real it can stand with any other real meat. Mixed with some mixed veggies the soft and flavorful rice is prepared to satisfy any fried rice lover. For such a low price, you get a whole lot of fried rice. We just can't get enough of this amazing place full of different kind of fake meats.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,6/1/2014,69,495,2,7,4>Urban Butcher exceeded my expectations. Everything was spectacular! Started off with some salami, kielbasa, dante cheese, the fish pate? and a couple other things I don't even know what my friends ordered... all delicious! The spicy mustard was awesome too. I was getting full off of this and the bread before I even had a chance to order my entree! The empanadas and goat cheese salad came out next. Both wonderful starters. I ordered a diet coke as my beverage. They have their own brand or something. It was okay. Tasted a little sweet for a diet drink, but it did the job.For my entree, I ordered the brisket and a side of brussels sprouts. Although I prefer them roasted, these were still pretty good. Some had a spicy pepper cheese on top too. I recommend asking for extra of that cheese. My friends got the hanger steak and  asparagus. Steak was alright, but I thought that my selection was much better. For dessert, we ordered the chocolate souffle and the berries. Mix them together and it is mouthwatering. Perfect way to end the meal!Ask for Gema. Her service is outstanding and she gave me excellent recommendations!
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,5/31/2014,92,343,,7,5>In love! Cannon Hill Place is EXACTLY what an antique shop should be. I worked in the antique industry for several years and I'm no expert-but-I do know that too many places find something and just because it's old put a huge price stamp on it. Cannon Hill is not one of those places! Each room offers items from different vendors who make it apparent that they know the quality of antiques and the need of their customers. In addition, there prices are very reasonable! Allow yourself at least an hour when visiting. Cannon Hill is one of those magical places where there is something new around every corner and you want to be sure to peek at every nook, cranny and shelf in the room. It's two floors full of vintage and refurbished goodness!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/24/2014,5/30/2014,247,106,3,9,5>Located right in the middle of Rockville Town Square Center it located right next to the ice rink and surrounded by various restaurants but this Thai restaurant should always be your first pick. It works for what I want to eat when it comes to Thai food. Most places cannot mess up a chicken/beef/shrimp/tofu Pad Thai and a Wonton Soup with a Lychee Martini to boot and this place did not. As soon as I walked in I was greeted by several staff members at the door. After being greeted, I took a quick glance around the restaurant and took the beautiful decor (simple but yet elegant and not overly done with a hint of sex appeal). The bar is a decent size and seems to be well stocked and once again I was greeted promptly and with a smile. Since I already knew what I wanted there was no need to peruse the menu too much so I settled on a Shrimp and Crab Wonton Soup and a Chicken Pad Thai. The soup was marvelous but I could barely eat it because it was too hot. It was flavorful, somewhat overpowered by the cilantro thrown in, but nevertheless still delightful to indulge in. Barely through my appetizer soup then came my entree a heaping pile of chicken pad thai and I must say they did not skip on the portions. Piled on to the plate were the sweet tasting noodles, large chunks of chicken, a side of peanuts and a generous portion of bean sprouts covered by an egg. My face lit up and I could barely finish even half of my meal. It was made to perfection (and yes there are places that can mess up this Thai classic).As for the price, I must admit a martini, pad thai, and soup for over $30 that would send most people running but for the excellent ambiance, excellent service, and food to boot the prices are worth it.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,5/29/2014,73,233,1,10,5>I've known the New Deal for half of my life, having grown up and gone to school around Greenbelt.  It started as the hippie-leaning co-op coffee shop in hippie-leaning co-op Roosevelt Center that had live music a few night each week, but it's shifted into something much bigger - a Lebanese restaurant with delicious desserts, nightly performances and open jams, and plenty of table space to dine, drink, socialize, and relax.  The L-shaped space effectively has two dining rooms - the front one is the original dining area, right by the counter and food cases.  The larger back dining room also has the performance area and a sizable bar.  I love the menu, which includes individual Lebanese dishes as well as mezza platters - we usually order a couple of different platters and share everything on them.  Their hummus is some of the best in the area, very smooth and creamy.  We sometimes bring groups from work here, and there's usually something on the menu to please everyone.  I don't drink coffee, so I can't speak to that, but they have a nice variety of sodas and juices that aren't your typical fare (I rarely find Saranac's bottled Shirley Temple at a restaurant).  And save room for dessert if you can - they always have a variety of tempting things in the display case.  I've never been disappointed by anything except the fact that the dessert selection rotates and you might not be able to order the same thing next time!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,5/28/2014,28,95,3,6,3>Nancy's was nice.  Nothing extravagant, but they did a good job and were very friendly.  I got a pedicure, which always involves a lot of "do this, don't do this", but she listened to what I wanted and was very accommodating.  It's been almost 3 weeks and my polish is still almost entirely intact.  They had the big, comfortable massaging pedicure chairs for maximum relaxation.  I didn't even realize it at first, but it was a pleasant surprise.  I never want to go back to normal pedicure seating again; it's just not the same.Bonus points for not being pushy, and trying to get me to wax anything and everything!  I always find that so awkward.  Luckily here they won't make you feel hairy when all you want is to get your nails done.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,5/27/2014,113,140,4,15,6>Xiao Long Bao! Spicy Wontons! Spicy Beef Bao! Delicious! I almost want to say that this place is better than Bob's Shanghai, but I'm going to save that until I go a few more times. I happened to go yesterday night last minute, right before they closed and the food was still delicious! Seriously, I think the spicy beef bao are now my favorites in the world! Well, almost but it's pretty close. I'm interested in trying the soup next time though, every good shanghai place has to have good soup. It's required.As for service, I hopped onto the tail end of two friends having a late dinner, so I don't really know what the service was like except for what I saw. It seemed like they were pretty attentive, and the girl came out from around the counter to say good-bye as we walked out. But the place wasn't that full either since it was about an hour from closing too. I'd like to come during regular dinner hours and see how they do. But, in my book, they are 100% on the good list!
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2012,1/27/2013,237,360,8,11,7>Lunch review only:Supposedly, this is the new "disruptive" restaurant that will change the pricing structure of all Korean restaurants in Montgomery County.  They are the only ones to serve all you can eat Korean BBQ in the county and it's reasonably priced at ~$20/head.For lunch, I decided to sample their dishes prior to committing to a dinner trip.I cannot comment on dinner, but for lunch, there are 2 serious issues that this restaurant must address.1.  Availability of only 2 dishes if you go solo for lunch.  One is salad, the other is a bento box.  I can't see any reason why anyone would go here to eat salad at a meat restaurant for lunch, so it's basically a single dish menu.  If you want to purchase anything else on the lunch menu, you must order 2 servings.  No can do.2.  Assuming you come with more than one person, 2 people must order the same dish in order to get something other than the bento box.  This severely reduces the choices for each individual even if you come in a party.As for the food, the bento lunchbox was modeled after the Japanese bento boxes.  There are no side dishes as you expect at Korean restaurants and everything comes inside the bento box.  It comes with marinated bbq beef, rice, kelp, friend dumplings, and Japanese style salad.  For $8, it was a good deal and the quality of the meat was acceptable.  I had one qualm about the dish: the bbq was not cut into smaller pieces and it was a bit uncomfortable cutting the long strips of meat with my chopsticks.  I told the server and hopefully this issue gets addressed in the future.For final thoughts...well, I won't go here again for lunch.  I'm appalled that a restaurant only serves 1 viable lunch option.  Come on, let's get real here. This isn't a food truck or a food stand.  You have to give decent options for working people who go solo for lunch.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,1/25/2013,614,994,9,8,7>Seriously, guys, this is MALL FOOD.  Not Komi.  Not Voltaggio's latest bistro.  FOOD COURT.  MALL.And you know what?  I like it.Look, I love dumplings and I would never head over to Dumpling Dojo because it's the best dumplings in town...but if I'm at Montgomery Mall, and doing some shopping...you know what?  This is one of the better options in the food court.The dumplings and boawiches are cooked fresh and to order.  Nothing was greasy, the food was satisfying, and you know what?  I didn't feel terrible after I ate there (not even when I went jeans shopping immediately afterwards).
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/24/2013,53,239,5,7,4>We were sorry when the previous restaurant at this location moved and then a tad disappointed when we found out yet another Asian restaurant was coming to Silver Spring.  I love Asian food but we are so saturated already.  Still, based on previous reviews we decided to give it a try.  I'm giving it 4 stars despite the fact there are still some glitches, hopefully because they are relatively new.The new decor is very stylish and relaxing.  A beautiful sushi bar with softly, changing colored lights, a long full-service beverage bar, seating that doesn't make you feel like you're on top of other tables.  Sunday afternoon and it wasn't crowded so we were seated right away.  A waitress (with a slight language barrier) came over and asked for our beverage order.  I asked if they had White Zifandel--she looked at me like I'd just asked her to stand on her head.  So I explained some more and no, they had 2 whites and a red wine.  Not crazy about white or red so I asked for a bourbon and ginger ale.  Now she was really confused.  I explained some more and then she told me there was no bartender so no bourbon and ginger ale.  Really, all these employees standing around and no bartender?   I ordered a glass of white wine.  Then on to our food.  Husband and granddaughter ordered off the appetizers--Spring rolls, fried soft shells, and fried clams.  I thought I ordered a regular shrimp tempura with rice, soup or salad.  Instead I got a bento box with miso soup, a salad (a bit soggy), problably 8 (if not more) tempura shrimp, tempura vegetables, sushi rolls, and 4 mysterious (but delicious) small bites.  It was really good and so much food!  Fortunately my husband is like a human garbage disposal so he ate his appetizers and we shared my lunch.  The bento box was really was enough food for 2 people with normal appetites to share at lunch, though I noticed that they do have a lunch menu listed from Monday through Saturday with a multiple of choices at smaller sizes and lower prices.   Considering all the food we had the bill was quite reasonable.  On the way out I asked the owner what time their bar opened as they highlighted they are a restaurant and bar.  He said there had been a problem that day but normally it would be open during restaurant hours.  So we will go back, there are so many things to try, the ambiance is lovely, the food good and presented so nicely, and we will hope that next time the bartender is not MIA.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,1/23/2013,73,233,,5,3>I've been waiting for months to try this new College Park restaurant!  After I first spied the word "dumpling" on a sign going up along Route 1, I've been checking back regularly to see if they've opened.  I love dumplings from a variety of cultures.... crispy, tender, spicy, meaty, all sorts of different dumplings.  So I was definitely excited about a restaurant specializing in dumplings - sounds like a dream come true!Coming inside, my first impression of the restaurant was that it looked clean and inviting, with an open cooking/serving area and pretty colorful photography of dumplings and ingredients on the wall.  The menu is incredibly simple.  There are six types of dumplings (spicy beef, spinach chick pea, spicy dill salmon, pork, chicken, and shrimp) served in combination platters of eight dumplings with one or two sides.  The sides include a couple of types of veggies (green beans or mixed veggies) and noodle dishes (warm stir-fry noodles or cold buckwheat noodles).  All of the dumplings are served with pickled veggies and a dipping sauce.  They also have a few additional dumpling specialties - fried chicken dumplings with sweet and sour sauce, chicken dumplings in tomato sauce, and chicken dumpling soup.  That's it, besides drinks and, apparently, ice cream.We kept things pretty simple, ordering two types of dumplings (spinach chick pea and spicy dill salmon) with one side apiece (mixed veggies and the buckwheat noodles).  Unfortunately, preparation of the dumplings is rather slow - while the dumplings themselves are pre-made, each batch of eight dumplings is "pan seared" in some sort of machine that takes about five minutes to sear them.  Since they only have three of these machines, they're pretty limited in how quickly they can serve people.  They do have a deep fryer and wok station, but those weren't being used - just this machine.  Since we came in behind a group of 6 people, and we ordered 2 types of dumplings, it took about 20 minutes after we ordered to get both plates of food.  That's pretty slow for a restaurant that's set up for quick eating.  There isn't a good place to wait besides the limited table seating area.  I cringe at the thought of seeing this place during a real rush!  The dumplings were tasty but surprising - the flavors were very Western!  The dill salmon wasn't at all spicy (though it had been advertised as such) and the flavor was straight out of Scandinavia!  The dill flavor was strong.  The spinach chick pea dumplings had a very interesting flavor as well.  It was hard to place, but my boyfriend definitely pegged one of the ingredients as nutmeg.  The dipping sauce we got with these two was a soy balsamic sauce that was pretty lackluster until we added some sriracha.  The sides we'd selected were also a bit lacking - the veggies were overcooked (though plenty garlicky) and the buckwheat noodles were bland (especially the mixed-in veggies, which seemed like they'd been added after seasoning).  The pickled veggies were tasty!I'm going to give this place a few months to mature (assuming it doesn't go the way of many new CP eateries) before I try it again.  I think they need to iron out some issues and really come into their own with the dumpling idea - they could really punch up the menu with more varieties, improve the sides, and perhaps do some special things like a "dumpling of the day."
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,1/22/2013,386,693,2,7,4>Get the tsukemen. It is like nothing you've ever had. The noodles and soup come in separate bowls, and both are very different from the noodles and soup of a regular bowl of ramen, even at Ren's. The tsukemen noodles are a little thicker and al dente, but still curly. They're cooled after cooking so they don't turn to mush, so don't be shocked by the fact that they're not warm. The soup is super concentrated and must've been reduced for a long time. It's very, very flavorful and is meant to be kind of like a dipping sauce for the noodles, a la soba noodles. My DC's Sapporo-style miso ramen was good, but we both agreed that everything about the tsukemen was better. The egg is pretty fantastic, but I don't know if it's quite worth the price. But definitely try it your first time there and get the full experience!The gyoza was good, but nothing particularly special. Definitely order if you're in the mood.Ren's Ramen is a revelation and further proof that suburban Maryland is the best!CASH ONLY and closed on random Tuesdays.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2012,1/21/2013,69,77,3,6,3>I gave Gilly's 5 stars on my first review.  My wife and I keep going back for a tasty sandwich and an interesting new beer or glass of wine.  I am a big fan of their new, larger bar with more beers on tap to try.  Unfortunately, Gilly's has gotten a little *too* popular, and now we have some bad luck trying to find a place to sit and eat.  The problem with that is, the way the place is laid out, it becomes super clusterf'y when it's crowded; it's no fun to eat or even shop in the narrow, crowded aisles.  I have to deduct a second star as well now that I've been enjoying my local corner convenience store's craft beer selections for quite some time.  You would expect to get jacked on prices at a convenience store, but little Meridian Market -- though it can't touch Gilly's beer selection (wines, maybe) -- still brings me lots of Dogfish Head, Flying Dog, Belgian ales, and a small, varying selection of other craft beers, consistently $2-4 less per six pack.  And on a related note, their single-beer shelf is a great way to try new beers without ending up with 5 bottles of nasty you're sorry you paid for, but what's up with the $2 PBRs?  Seriously, does anyone ever think, "Gee, I'd really like to try that hipster Pabst, but I'm worried about splurging on a $4.99 six-pack of tall boys; I'll just buy this one 12oz can for $1.99, brilliant."  That is just insulting, and I think a sign that there's something crazy about the prices there.  Now that Gilly's is so super popular, maybe they can ratchet down their margins a bit.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,1/19/2013,20,66,3,4,3>Tucked away in a little strip mall, this place should definitely be considered a hidden gem.There are three Thai places in Wheaton and this is definitely the best. There's Nava Thai, Dusit Thai and Ruan Thai. I've had all three and Ruan wins.You can tell they really pay attention to the quality of the food here and it seeeems more authentic (I can't really say considering I haven't been to Thailand). It's not just a trap for whiteys like me to experience the Thai experience.The difference is the ingredients. It's not the artificial neon stuff, or stuff out of a can. You can tell this is fresh and just pops with flavor.In order to do a true side-by-side comparison with Nava Thai (which I have written about and love), I ordered my good standard: the Penang Curry. So much better here because it was fresh. It was more brothy than the dish at Nava, which is more saucy.This one also came with A LOT more chicken. I had two servings of leftovers. And I could have that broth for just a soup. Sweet, yet pretty darn spicy too.We also order the tom kha gai soup for an appetizer. It was also better than the one at Nava. Again for the same reasons with fresher flavors. It was a little thicker too and once again, more chicken.The only problem with this place is the decor/mood and the service. I don't have super high expectations, but it's pretty cruddy inside. It's kind of cafeteria style with really ugly chairs.Still, the place was HOPPIN' on a Friday night. The secret's definitely out. That leads me to my second negative and that's the service. It took about 15 minutes before we even had a server check in with us for water. We got that and just placed our order at the same time.If these two things really matter to you, then you should probably go to Nava. It has excellent service and a really warm feel to the place. It feels like you're eating dinner at their house that just happens to have a lot more tables.But if you care more about the food, definitely get Ruan Thai. Or heck, just get takeout.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,1/18/2013,136,1232,4,5,6>The shaved frozen milk is not like anything I've had before.Basically, the frozen milk is in cylinder form.  When you give them your order, they shave off a ribbon of frozen milk from the base the cylinder as they rotate it, doing this until they get the amount you requested.  From there you add your jellies/fruits/add-ons.  Some of the standards combos were alright, though you can make your own combos (I got the lychee frozen milk with lots of mochi and jellies).  The frozen milk in ribbon form adds a flaky yet light texture that makes the frozen dairy that much more enjoyable.Just like froyo but the frozen dairy isn't tart and in flaky ribbon form.  If you haven't had it before definitely try it out here.
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2012,1/17/2013,124,241,3,5,5>Cugini's was much better than I expected. On our way to Markoff's Haunted Forest, we stopped here for some pre-scare fueling up. The zucchini sticks were obviously frozen but delicious. The double decker cheese bread (kinda like they just took a pizza without sauce and folded it over itself) for $5 was definitely necessary. Last but not least, the pizza was actually pretty tasty. They also serve a variety of subs, specialty pizzas, beer and wine for super-reasonable prices. Their deals on Mondays, Tuesdays (pizza comes with 10 free wings) and Wednesdays definitely also seem worth checking out.If you're in the area, definitely check out Cugini's. My guess is it's probably the best cheap meal you'll find in the area.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,1/16/2013,85,235,,5,2>I have never been so spoiled shopping for clothes as I was at Coterie.  Of course, this is a boutique store and I don't usually shop at boutique stores, so that may be why, but they were wonderful.  Beautiful clothing, and the sales staff to match.  Absolutely on top of helping and taking care of you, but friendly and casual at the same time.  No stuffiness here.  Just genuine people helping you feel beautiful.  I could never afford to shop here with normal prices, but on the after Christmas sales I allowed myself to splurge.  I had at least 4 different staff members helping me throughout my time there, including the owner, and every single person was classy and professional while totally friendly and down to earth.  Clearly they made a big impression, but it's important to note how beautiful the clothes are.  If you're looking for something special and want to treat yourself, check it out.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,8/6/2014,23,184,1,6,4>The last time I was at this restaurant was my high school senior dinner...let's just say it was a long long time ago! Lol Anyways those of us grew up in the Potomac/Rockville area, That's Amore was the only decent Italian place back in the days.  Once I left for college, I never went back...until tonight.When my uncle and aunt suggested coming here for dinner I figured why not, blast from the past! Then I looked up Yelp reviews and got really nervous. Many reviews mentioned bland food...I hate bland food!  I had very low expectations when I walked in and this place definitely exceeded my expectations.  The gnocchi with pesto sauce is excellent, highly recommend! I would eat that pesto sauce with anything really, delicious. I tried the veal masala too and it was pretty good.  My hubby said the Caesar salad was not good, but his veal parm was fine.  For dessert I highly recommend the Zuccotto, upside down cake. It was light and not too sweet and just wonderful.  My gnocchi and the Zuccotto earned this place a four star in my book!Service was a bit uneven but overall good. Setting is on the more formal side, but you can dress casual if you want.I think I'll not wait as long for another return trip!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,8/5/2014,138,379,3,6,4>Although I got my first bee sting here, which was not so fun, I always look forward to coming to Butler's Orchard as soon as the weather starts warming up. The Market is wonderful for pre-picked fruits/veggies as well as delicious baked goods and cute home decor/gifts. I have come here to pick fruit as well as to dig up potatoes... digging the potatoes was significantly harder, but equally as rewarding. If you are not a fan of bugs, definitely wear long sleeves and pants while going berry-picking. The orchard is quite vast so even on busier days, there is still plenty of fruit available to be picked. The orchard's website provides the most accurate reflection of what fruit is ripe for picking, so make sure to check before stopping by. You can bring your own container or use the ones they provide. The prices here are extremely reasonable. All in all, a fun activity for all ages and families!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,8/4/2014,144,96,4,4,4>Such a fun friendly place! Chad showed me around and informed me that I had an expensive 60s taste (fell in love with a couch that had a price tag of $1595, gorgeous piece though. And also some other pieces that evidently were around that price range :-\). It's not hard to appreciate things in this store, they are well kept and polished up. The owners definitely add a modern twist on old items, vintage! If only I could afford it.. I was upfront about my financial state (i.e. student) and Chad was still friendly and did not make me feel at all less welcomed! thanks Chad! He even said his partner would be willing to give tips on arranging furniture and decorating to anyone who walks in, regardless if they're looking to buy or just some advice. I definitely witnessed it as 5 more people walked in and she definitely encouraged those questions. These people def do it for the love!Chad did mention that they will be expanding (additional space) to a warehouse in the near future. I'm definitely looking forward to that. :-)
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/3/2014,46,118,4,6,3>The husband and I love coming here... well mainly for him it's the beer. He loves his 90 minute! ;-)We've been coming here for years now, service and food are pretty consistent. I think we had one or two times where the quality had left but since we're loyal customers we do come back. Here are some of dishes we have ordered:-Crab Dip-Spinach & Artichoke Dip-Wood Grill Salmon (Yum)-Memphis Chicken Platter (huge portion of food, time to time the cook over does the chicken but most of the time cooked right)-Ahi Tuna Sandwich (could use a bit more flavor)-Fish Tacos (The cod was fried nicely and the sauce was tasty.. presentation could use some work though.. a bit sloppy)Huge plus is the gluten free menu they have!Service is always on point. I think we had one or two servers that were not tentative but most of the time servers are friendly and tentative. Restaurant area does tend to get busy and the bar is ALWAYS packed. Best to go early or late not during prime dinner time. Or you could just wait it out for an hour or so. ;-)
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,8/2/2014,48,110,5,8,5>I really don't like how the name doesn't resonate with the food... I mean when people kept telling me about "Madrone's" I'm just like, "blah, sounds like another franchise tex mex." I couldn't be anymore wrong.....Have I really waited 2 years to try madrone's??? What the??? "That's what I get," is all I thought as I scarfed down my prime rib.....So let's start with the bread and butter, DELICIOUS. Warm rolls with whipped honey/vanilla butter? Does carbs get any better than that??? Nope, didn't think so.Next, the fried calamari topped with Vidalia onion strings.... Amaze-balls.. There could've been way more calamari though, still good.I ordered the prime rib, BEST PIECE OF MEAT IVE EVER HAD. Yes, BEST. The prime rib literally MELTED as I greedily inhaled it.... Forget the Au Jus, the steak alone was divine. Paired with their loaded baked potato and I am in glutton heaven.On another occasion I had the spicy shrimp and grits which, although different from what I'm accustomed to... Was divine as well. The andouille could've been less dry but what the heck, the flavors and textures worked so well.Please try the peanut butter pie, it is HEAVENLY. The chef needs a standing ovation for all the wonderful food. I went back two nights in a row, and that's not going to be the last of it!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,8/1/2014,81,187,2,8,3>Tuesday nights are Trivia night! 9pm! It's free. You can play solo or a team. $ prizes! Pitchers of domestic beer for $10.  The bar menu is pretty awesome. $1 hot dogs FTW!The Chesa-poutine (or whatever name they decide to change it to) is really cheesy! I thought it would be the creamy cheese, but it is more like the thick you-will-feel-like-crap-later kind of cheese. :( It does have a lot of crab meat though.Dos Tacos ($5)- two tacos, hard shell wrapped in soft shell, with the usual- ground beef, lettuce, cheese, and sour cream.Crab Tower- a small portion of crab meat over seaweed and rice cake with siracha sauce. Salmon Gravlox- This is a nice little appetizer of smoked salmon and small salad with mini pancakes.  Light, healthy.The cream of crab is really good and seems popular with fellow yelpers. DO NOT get their French Onion soup when it shows up as their Soup of the Day. Looks like muddy water, taste like split pea soup. Their chili is not worth getting either.  Too sweet.Don't get the adult milkshake.  It's good, but you don't taste the alcohol so you might as well pay a little less and get the normal milkshake.  The desserts on the menu are all pretty good, especially the salted caramel bread pudding! Service (back bar area only):I've been going to this Clyde's pretty much every week and noticed that the service can be a hit or miss.  The bartender, Jeff is super friendly and always has great recommendations.  The server Bobby is the nicest dude ever. He's very accommodating and always checking to see if the food is up to par. I highly recommend sitting in his section, otherwise you will experience lackluster service from the other servers.  70% of the other servers seem clueless and slow, to the point of frustration.The other night, I ordered a milkshake and an entree.  Almost an hour had passed and I still have not received the entree while everyone else had gotten their food.  Our server is nowhere to be found. I find Bobby and tell him the situation and ask him to cancel the entree because I no longer want it.  Our server Natalie eventually comes back and says she didn't put in the order yet because she was waiting for me to finish my milkshake.  That is total B.S.!!  Can I not handle both at the same time?  Also, she never came to check if I was done with the shake. I've never experienced that before.
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,7/31/2014,75,165,3,6,3>I've been to China and dumplings in the US just don't compare. NaiNai has definitely given me hope. I had the Year of the Pig (pork and cabbage) and Year of the Ox (beef) dumplings and both were incredible. Can't say they're on par with anything I had in China, but they're damn close compared to any other restaurants in the area. They're not too doughy and the filling is very flavorful. They also have extra sauces on the counter. The spicy sauce wasn't labeled, but that's what I tried and it was very good. I didn't think it was too spicy, but if you have a sensitive palette you might disagree with me. Overall, I was more than satisfied with my experience and I plan on going back again!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,7/30/2014,211,111,8,13,9>If you knew why I gave this restaurant such a high rating, it would probably give you a heart attack from excitement.Here's why: they have ONE DOLLAR, un dólar, $1 nigri sushi. The quality in regards to the price of the nigri is unbelievable. When I first found out that it was only a dollar for each piece of quality sushi, I was lost for a moment. I was speechless. I didn't know how to react to such news. Normally, a descent quality piece of nigri sushi can range from anywhere between  $4-$8I ended up ordering at least 30 pieces of nigri sushi!I've also tried their BBQ and after trying this, Honey Pig is not comparable. Their BBQ is quality versus quantity for restaurants like, Honey Pig.I know many people love ramen dishes, but this place is NOT for ramen. You should stay away. There are other Japanese restaurants around the area that serves ramen by far better than here.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/29/2014,53,79,3,7,4>Ismet's market is a specialty market located in the plaza with Bed Bath and Beyond and it's across from Bank of America next to the Beer and Wine Store.  This place has been here for a couple of months but I never noticed it until they put up a little sandwich board sign by the curb.  I told my kids to wait in the car, (don't worry the oldest is 14) so I could run in "real quick" and see what they had.  I was met by Ismet himself who then proceeded to take me through each section and give me a lesson on the food.  There's fresh baked goods like this billowy, soft pita type bread, baklava that will blow your socks off, butter, cheese, yogurt from places like Turkey, Scotland, England and a few places I can't remember.  They had local fresh milk and eggs available. spinach and cheese and meat pies, Turkish coffee and tea with the coffee makers and traditional cups, there's sweet treats, English salad cream, olives, pepper paste, spices, beans and it goes on and on and you need to go there to see what I'm talking about.After my walk through I decided on a Turkish soda and some Turkish tea and told Ismet I would return with my husband in about an hour.  We were going out to dinner not far from his market and since I consider myself a foodie and food addict, I knew that I needed to return.  As a foodie it's always nice to discover something new and different and not your run of the mill international food market stuff.  When we returned, Ismet showed my hubby around while I decided on grabbing some things for Easter dinner.  I wanted fast and simple and didn't want to be in the kitchen all day.  I got spinach and cheese pastry rolls, a meat pie that we found the next day was mislabeled and was actually spinach and cheese, (Ismet kindly gave us a meat pie a few days later after I informed him of the error), pita bread, baklava, a spiced smoked sausage, a nougat candy with nuts, some tea biscuits, Turkish butter and a few other things I can't recall.  Everything was very good and I would rate the baklava, the meat pie and soft pita as my favorites.It a great addition to the neighborhood and the only drawback and why I gave it 4 stars is because some of the items are a little more expensive and understandably so.  I mean he has to get the stuff shipped here and obviously needs to cover expenses and make a little profit but since I don't have a bottomless bank account, I can't buy everything I want in the store.  I guess I will just have to budget for the splurge items.  Now don't get me wrong, there are plenty of regular and moderately priced items but I'm a bit of a gourmet and so some of the more luxurious items, I have to wait on.  Ismet himself is so nice and was extremely helpful and personable.  We spent like an hour in the store and he even invited us to come in one morning to have Turkish tea or coffee with him.  I love that!  That's the sort of thing you experience in other places outside of the hustle and bustle of the DMV area and so the invite was a nice reminder that that still exists in the world.  I posted lots of pics of my loot and wish this place success because I really have so much more to try and I think it's nice to have this option in the area.My next purchase will most likely be the English salad cream that my daughter wants to try because we are obsessed with the English program "Secret Eaters" and 'Super-sized vs Super skinny.'  We watch these programs on You Tube and salad cream was one of the items we recognized from the show in Ismet's Market.I highly recommend you visit and get the low down from Ismet and don't forget to take home some Baklava!  That is all. Carry on.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,7/28/2014,335,383,2,5,5>About 3 years ago I signed my hubby up for Crossfit for the first time. He was hooked. He loved the camaraderie with the people in the box. He loved the competitiveness and the support he got from the people there. He connected with the trainers, and he felt like he was making progress.But, after a while, the dynamics started to change. Suddenly there were limits on how many people could go at a time, equipment was broken, the facilities began to feel cramped as Crossfit started to become more mainstream. The workouts started to get watered down to accommodate newbies, the faces he was accustom to seeing were sporadic because of the limit of people who could come, and all the trainers he liked all left.He learned about Rockville Crossfit from some of his friends. The price was competitive and he was able to go unlimited times a month (vs 12x a month) for close to the same price as before. What he really loves about this box is that they have tiered programs; one for advanced athletes, one designed for intermediate folks (which is where he is currently), and another for novices. They really tailor the programs based on your level, and they have a great motivational program that basically gives members a permanent discount on their membership when they improve. Wondering how they determine which level you are at? They have set measurement standards, so there's a clear delineation for where you stand. It's not based on someone's opinion. The trainers are excellent, and are always monitoring technique to ensure that newer people don't hurt themselves, and more advanced people improve. They also push you to the next level.His absolute favorite thing about RC is how he can track his workouts, and how he can see online stacks up against his friends there. The wodify system allows him to see how he ranked that day, track his progress, document in a food journal and get feedback from the trainers, comment on each others progress, puts faces to names, and overall contributes to the positive community - where everyone is pulling for you to improve. Unlike the last place where it was just jotted down on a white board. This box is huge, full of high end, brand new equipment, flat screen monitors, a kids waiting area, and yet retains the rugged feeling that originally drew him to Crossfit. Lastly, I have been trying for years to get him to pay attention to his diet, and not just workout. Since joining this box, I'm happy to say he has started a 30 day fitness challenge with their nutritional help, and access to wholesale-priced top of the line protein. We are really happy with this new Crossfit gym. Maybe someday my hubby will give Chris Helmsworth (Thor) a run for his money ;p but until then I'm still proud of him for putting up huge numbers every week! Ps: They have BBQs, and do things like Tough Mudder together - and they get together socially too. They are more like a family then any "gym" I've ever been in. Thankfully they still let me join in the fun, even though I wasn't tough enough to hang for more than 6 months! :p
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,6/6/2013,13,66,,2,>I only come here for lunch with co-workers and I like it quite a bit.  As other reviewers have mentioned, this is "Latin American" food as opposed to "Mexican."  I usually get one of their seafood dishes and they've all been very good, particularly the salmon with capers, the mariscos saltados, and the pescado monterrey.  I've also had the vegetarian enchiladas and they were delicious!  My boss tells me that the seafood salad is excellent; he always scrapes his plate clean when we come  here.  They have a decent selection of Latin American beer and the chips and salsa are always fresh.   All in all, a great place to have so convenient to the office!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,6/5/2013,76,458,,12,1>So I decided to finally go get tattoo number four yesterday, a simple cross on the side of my wrist. Knowing someone would probably be available for a quickie, I went to Curious... except it's no longer Curious. Same location but new management, new name, and new artists (no Stray. Me sad).Anyway, the cool receptionist chick told me Vinny could do my tat and had him come talk to me. I had a pic for him and he drew it right up. I was inked in ten minutes for $50. That's a reasonable deal in Murrland. So far, the tat looks good and is healing well. I'll update this if any problems arise.Since it's changed hands and just re-opened as the Tattooery, the shop is shiny and clean. Everything has been re-painted and the stairs no longer smell like cigarette smoke. They've even gone high tech- the receptionist had me read over the policies, sign on a signature pad, and then my copy and the aftercare instructions were emailed to me right away. Unlike some shops where the staff ignores you until you seek them out, the receptionist greeted us as soon as we walked in and while in the waiting area, the artists that walked past also said hello.I think it's a cool shop. Check it out if you're in CP.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/19/2013,6/4/2013,23,184,3,2,2>Finally made it back here for another try, thanks to groupon and the slightly expanded menu, which allow me to bring my husband (based on the menu they had when they first opened, my husband would not have ordered anything).  Overall it is a much better option for dinner than before, so 3 and 1/2 stars.We came to dinner on Saturday at around 5, the restaurant was fairly empty with a few tables occupied.  We informed our waitress we are trying to catch a 6 o'clock movie so we will be in a rush.  She took our orders rightaway and was fairly efficient.  Only thing I suggest is be a bit more proactive with refills of our soda, we had to ask every time.  Otherwise she was friendly and not other issues with service.Food we tried the tuna tartar appetizer, which I highly recommend!  It's a good portion to share between two people too.  For main entrée my husband got the gnocchi, even though I warned him the bistro steak maybe a safer bet for him.  But he has trouble saying no to gnocchi (who doesn't! :)  I got the thai basil mussels.  When the dishes came out, I saw my husband picked at his gnocchi, so I asked what's wrong and he said the rosemary is overpowering the dish and all he can taste is rosemary.  I loved my thai basil mussels (the dipping bread is awesome too) so we switched our dishes.  He liked my mussels too, and I actually liked the gnocchi.  Yes they can tone down the rosemary, but I don't mind it as much as my husband.  So just be aware if you are going to order that dish, you better like rosemary.  I posted the photos of all the dishes we ordered.Overall the food quality is good and I liked what we ordered.  We didn't have time for dessert but I like to come back and try the brunch now.One other note, the women's bathroom had two stalls, only one was working, and the working one when I went inside the toilet was not flushed.  They need to have someone check/clean the bathrooms more frequent, a restaurant bathroom can say a lot about the restaurant's quality control...
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,6/2/2013,27,74,2,3,2>My go-to thai place near where i live. I've enjoyed everything I've ordered from here but I especially love their thai icedtea, yum watercress and green curry. so goooooood. As many previous reviewers mentioned, the parking in front of the restaurant is very limited but it's not too difficult to find street parking.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,6/1/2013,124,241,3,7,3>Be still, my beating heart.Little known secret - the happy hour is amazing. $5 for a personal pizza (which is amazing), along with $5 bruschetta, salads and other dishes (all delicious); beer and wine are half price I believe. Beer selection is nothing special but you can get out of here full and happy for under $15 during happy hour (5-7 PM EVERY DAY).The service usually leaves something to be desired but as long as you can overlook that, you are in for a treat.PS. Try to sit at the bar. Otherwise get here early. It gets packed and the wait can get a bit long.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2013,5/31/2013,303,800,4,7,5>We decided to come here based on smell. Let me clarify... The roommate and I had gone to Jumbo Jumbo a few times for bubble tea and popcorn chicken. Each time, we walked past La Limena and it smelled SO GOOD that we knew we had to come in. Didn't even bother reading any reviews (a first for me). Well our noses were spot on; it was awesome.There was a bit of a line for a table- and rightly so. But the wait wasn't too long and before we knew it, we were chomping down on some chicharrons and fried yucca. For my entree, I had the "pescado a lo macho" which was tilapia with a seafood sauce over rice and crispy potatoes. The fish was perfectly cooked and the sauce was creamy but not too heavy. There was a nice mix of seafood in the sauce - calamari rings, shrimp, bay scallops. Unfortunately we did not save room for dessert. But based on what we saw being delivered to the multitude of birthday celebrations going on around us, we knew we were missing out. The service here is also something worth noting- it's great. Our server, despite being very busy, was always readily available to refill a drink or clear a plate. The manager even made an appearance to thank us for coming and made sure we were being taken care of. Bottom line: Don't let the line for a table scare you away. It's worth the wait.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,5/30/2013,1,5,2,1,1>I'm not hard to please in the Japanese grill area. I dig the Chicken Teri lunch special, it's a little pricey at $9 but they let me have it sans rice (with extra veggies) which is nice. I've also had it with beef, very tasty as well. It comes with sashimi or sushi and a salad and the meat is a little more tender than someplace like Sarku so it's a nice change of pace for a quick lunch. It's across the street from my office. That's a plus. Not used to paying for hot tea but it was a decent green. All in all I've been to Oishii Blue Fin three times, would continue to go back during work hours and would suggest it to friends.
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,5/29/2013,65,67,,4,1>Definitely a hidden place in Kentlands.  The thing I liked about this restaurant was that it was fast and fresh.  It's the sort of place where you order your food at the counter and pay for it and they bring it out to you.  A very good place for fast traditional Indian food.It seemed to me that they always have seating as the place is fairly large.  The only thing I would criticize about it is their deserts.  They look very fresh, but it seemed like they sat out in the counter for a while before we got them.  I'm sure they are very delish when they are freshly made but perhaps we just got the older ones.None the less, I would recommend to try it out for lunch.  They have very good Butter Chicken.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,5/28/2013,77,235,1,4,2>I loved my FIRST experience at Busboys and Poets!  My best friend, Rae and I were having a brunch date and we had a very good time.  We were seated near the front of the restaurant by the door!  That was cool with us!  Our server was a nice young man named Leo and he was extremely helpful with us considering we were first timers. I was in the mood for breakfast food, so I ordered the Neptune Benedict.  I'm not a fan of poached eggs, so I had them scrambled!  Let me say, this selection was AMAZING!!  It was so good, so flavorful and the eggs weren't scrambled hard!  Everything was just right!  It was so good!  My bestie ordered the Oaxaca omelette and to say that it looked very tasty is an understatement!  She enjoyed it as well!  We also had the mimosas!  They were just so so.  The proportion of champagne to alcohol was off!  But they were ok.By far, I loved this place!  The atmosphere was cool and laid back and the food and service were great!  What more could you ask for?
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,5/27/2013,70,32,2,7,6>Simply sweet traditional Kenyan cuisine is what they sell and THEY DO IT WELL!This review is long overdue but Swahili is my FAVORITE place to eat outside of my Mom's kitchen. This is a frequent hang out of MANY of my friends and family and every time I go I find one, the other or both. This makes giving Swahili 5 stars A MUST. I always start whith the Appetizer Combo that includes Bahjias(spicy batter dipped deep fried sliced potatoes), a samosa, and a sausage that takes me right back to Kenya after I bite in. I have enjoyed everything on the menu and as an entree I usually switch between Mbuzi choma (grilled goat) which is one of thier specialties or Samaki (Tilapia)  I always finish off my meal with a cup of Chai spiced tea or mango lassi. This place is great for groups and in the summer outside seating is very relaxing.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2013,2/16/2013,50,52,,3,2>I took my son here and he loved it. The chicken for the quesadillas is very flavorful. Service was good. I like their cheese dip, they are one of the few places that use the white cheese which we are a fan of.I usually get the tamale, soft taco platter and doesn't disapoint. They have a soup on fridays and saturdays that i really love, pork, hominy, cilantro, etc.I'm sad i moved far away from this place bc it was my go-to. The service was always good and they remember us everytime. Prices are reasonable and the menu has a little bit of everything.I'll have to make a special trip back!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,2/15/2013,226,296,1,4,4>Definitely one of the best Indian restaurants I've been in.  they have a wide variety of Indian food and it is served in plentiful portions. Almost too plentiful. The naan and alu paratha were spectacular. The lamb biryani was delicious. Spicy but not too spicy. I suspect they toned it down for our American palates. And they didn't skimp on the lamb.It's in a strip center so parking can be a challenge although we didn't run into any issues and I also consider the location to be more Langley Park rather than Takoma Park but if they advertised it as Langley Park or Hyattsville, no one would come.It's a nice casual place with great food.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2013,2/14/2013,335,383,9,11,7>Update: Had these wings a 2nd time and now downgrading it to 3 stars. The wings were puny and had very little meat on them!! They can't be more expensive AND have less meat!! Better fix this fast Bon Chon!!___________________________________________If you've seen my reviews of the Bon Chon in VA, you'll know that I was really not impressed by my experience there. I'm pleased to say my experience at the Rockville location was much better.We ordered 30 wings and 10 drumsticks ($59) for takeout on Super Bowl Sunday at 11 AM. They opened at 4 PM for their soft opening. My friend went to pick up our order at the appointed time of 4:30- but didn't get his wings until 5:10. Really? a 45 min wait? But ok- I give them a pass because it was SB Sunday and he said the line for takeout orders was ridiculous. The negatives were that the price of these wings was a little hefty compared to the NOVA locations, but that being said- they are in the Rockville Town Center- so the rent is probably higher and we're paying for the convenience of not hiking to VA.  Also, the drumsticks were significantly smaller than the ones I had before, and 2 of them looked like they were half eaten. But the crispiness and the flavor of these were SO much better than the ones I had before. The last place I went, I couldn't even tell which one was Hot and which was the Soy Garlic- this time it was clear. Last place tasted more oily then flavorful, this one was seasoned perfectly.I will definitely be back to try the other things on their menu!(UPDATE: I have been notified by Fenny L. that the reason for the additional 45 min wait for my takeout order was that between her and Tu-Van L.- they  ordered 60 wings almost immediately upon opening!!! Well played Fenny- well played...especially since I'm the one who posted that they were opening on my Facebook page!! lol AND she got the FTR!!!)
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,2/13/2013,60,95,3,5,5>A hip, cool young art gallery.Awesome place. This is an art gallery that exhibits works for sale. They also have a strong selection of modern artist in their database. The gallery space is small, but they space is well used. They work with allot of new artist and well respected artists.Typically they have young people working here, which i believe to be a mistake. The few time I have had question they usually can not answer my questions about the art or artists. They often have solo exhibits of artists. Usually kicked off by an evening opening, with the artist. They do serve beer and wine here, so openings have drinks associated with them.They also sell unique hand crafted toys. Typically priced for $100 -$500 for one piece. i have bought one oil painting here and some small memorabilia.keep in mind that this a gallery opposed to an art store, so if you buy something in an exhibit, you cant just take it home. So you have to come back and pick it up after the exhibit is over.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,2/12/2013,0,15,2,4,3>After living in Urbana for over two years, we finally stopped in for dinner last night! It was gorgeous out, so we opted to sit on the patio.Overall, it was very good. Scallops appetizer was delicious, scallops were cooked perfectly. The grilled romaine salad was not my favorite...rather than being slightly charred, it just got kind of wilted. The pork tenderloin with the apple-sage sauce was out of this world...so so good! Beer prices are good, great wine selection, but the pours were lacking. I got two glasses, because I honestly think my first pour was barely 3 oz. The bread they give you is eh...skip it.Service was decent...we were hoping to get dessert, but they brought the bill without evening offering a dessert menu, so at that point we just decided to forget it.We will be back, though.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/11/2013,164,337,6,6,6>Recently watched the Patriots get there asses kicked by the Ravens here and found it to be a fun experience! I didn't realize this place is actually a New England/Redskins sports bar. There was a good mix of different fans watching the game which made it fun. The service was pretty good, they were slammed that evening so I was very patient. My friends and I ordered several items including the chicken fingers, fries, a chicken wrap and I got the mussels. Everything was delicious. I was really into the mussels I ordered and the delicious garlic bread! I even requested extra bread to enjoy with the broth and the server was really generous and accommodating! Prices are decent, there's quite a bit of seating if you have a large group. They have a really odd smoking area right in the middle of the building. When you head to the bathroom you have to pass this really strange open room with the most random items in it, a fax machine and what looked like a messy, outdated sad excuse for an office? All in all a fun place to watch a game and get your grub on!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/22/2013,2/10/2013,794,1145,4,7,7>I've been coming here a lot lately since my laptop died on me.  They have over a dozen free computers to use on a first come - first serve basis.  There is a one hour time limit if someone else is waiting, and a two hour maximum use per day.I usually go to Chevy Chase Library for this, but they were closed for most of December for repairs.  The computers here at the Silver Spring branch offer no privacy, so do your match.com searching at a friend's house.It's an okay library, but not for long, since they have been building the new Silver Spring library at Wayne and Fenton for several years now.  No more free parking once that one is completed, but it will be metro friendly.I hope when the move happens they plan to take the iconic statue of The Lion and the Mouse standing on an open book.  It wouldn't be the same without it.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,2/9/2013,50,43,2,4,2>I'm completely a fan of Best Pie. I drive from Silver Spring to Bowie AND pay the extra money for these pies made with only the freshest ingredients, tlc and pride. The proprietor can be a bit rough around the edges, but there's no doubt that he knows his pie.Bought a caramel apple and blueberry this weekend. He didn't have any blueberry when I called, but he volunteered to make me one. It was warm when I got it and AWESOME! The caramel apple pie was for work. All of my coworkers were extremely happy - none had ever had an apple pie THAT TASTY. Caramel on top with nuts... wow. If you have to take a dish to a luncheon or dinner - this is a solid winner. Your guests will be very happy that you did.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,2/8/2013,47,313,,4,1>There's a bunch of things about Founding Farmers that just don't match up. That's not necessarily a bad thing - just not what I would have expected.Based on reviews talking about how busy it usually is for brunch on the weekends, we were sure to make a reservation ahead of time - for Saturday morning at 11am. The restaurant was less than half full when we arrived. Even by the time we left, the place was at 2/3 capacity at best. It's a restaurant that is all about sustainability and fresh, local ingredients (take note of the herb garden in the front of the building as you walk in). But the place has a very modern and trendy look about it - it's nothing like most of the restaurants we've been to with similar mission statements and concepts. Similarly, the staff here is much nicer than those at similar restaurants. There's none of that condescension or snootiness. Our waiter was incredibly friendly and attentive - possibly a little too attentive for my taste. We were seated next to the employee ticket station and he was watching me check in on Yelp over my shoulder and suggested that I write a review later.  We ordered the "Drag Through The Garden" scramble and the "Founding Farmers Breakfast With Pork Sausage" - with eggs over medium. We were awfully tempted by the beignets, but decided to try them next time instead. Everything we got was great. The eggs were perfectly cooked. The sausage was delicious. The leek hash browns were nice and crispy. Most things needed just a little extra seasoning, but were very close to my preference right out of the gate. Possibly better than any of the other cooked foods, however, were their biscuits with honey and whipped butter, and the strawberry jam. I could almost eat a plate of those instead of a regular breakfast and still be happy.The waiter warned my wife about the Bloody Mary being very spicy when she ordered it; that's exactly how she likes hers - and she loved it. The big surprise for me, however, was the fact that they offer Egg Cream Sodas - and unlike most places that offer them, they make them just how I remember them growing up in New York. The only real problem with Founding Farmer's is how badly they're overpriced. Everything we had was at least a dollar more expensive than it felt like it should be. There are plenty of places in the area where you can get a decent - and cheaper breakfast or brunch. We'll definitely be back again, but I highly doubt that they'll be our first choice.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,2/7/2013,138,379,3,9,6>Although I was sad that I didn't have a chance to try out District Dumpling before it was replaced by Ivy Noodles, this might be my new favorite Asian eatery. The ambiance is surprisingly nice, which makes it a good consideration even for date nights. There's a huge variety on their menu and everything is pretty affordable, with appetizers around $5 and entrees around $7. I ordered the panfried dumplings (potstickers) and roast duck + wonton noodle soup with Cantonese egg noodles. The dumplings were really good and very authentic -- the skin was thick and there was a hearty amount of filling. The noodle soup was sooooo good. I had a craving for roast duck and this was exactly what I needed. It tasted just like classic home cooking from my grandma's kitchen and I was really full at the end of the meal. The service isn't the best but that's usually expected from authentic Asian places. The food comes out quickly and is both affordable and delicious. Definitely worth stopping by at the newest addition to Route 1!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,11/14/2014,30,27,6,9,9>Visarts is nice for chilling and relaxing with the girlfriends and taking some basic painting classes. Mark's charcoal drawing classes are great. He's very personable and joyful and explains the concepts well.  The glass classes are fun too, especially the ones for making Christmas ornaments. There's studio time for the more serious artists, and there are classes for kids.There are a few parking garages nearby, and you can get a parking pass validated at the Visarts office, which is good for two hours of free parking. It's also walking distance (a few blocks) from Rockville metro station.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,11/13/2014,126,106,7,9,9>If you're a kebab lover, then give this place a shot. Seriously. It's the best, and I'm proud to say I've converted a few people to Persian cuisine by bringing them here.That's right, you read that correctly. People who used to shudder at the thought of eating kebab, courtesy of Moby Dicks and other horrible establishments.Yet, this fine restaurant managed to convert them. I bet you're wondering why? I'll tell you. The meat comes from a butcher shop (which they also own) that's located in the same shopping center. They take pride in their food, and it's easy to tell from the very first bite. The lamb, kubideh, and barg are seasoned perfectly, as well as the chicken (which is SO moist). The lamb tastes like it has a little garlic, while the kubideh focuses on the onion. They're equally delicious, so much that today I ordered the platter with both. And I ate the entire thing. By myself. Am I ashamed? Nope. The rice is absolutely perfect, especially the green one (I believe it's polo) so if you're in the mood for dill and saffron, try it out! I believe they only serve it on certain days though, so you have to ask. Roasted tomato wedges (which, BTW, taste freshly grown) are served alongside the rice with sprigs of parsley, raw onion, and a pat of butter. There's also fresh yogurt sauce and this spicy green stuff (I think it's cilantro sauce) that comes with a bread basket of sliced lavash bread. This is brought to your table after placing an order at the front.I couldn't care less about the food arriving on styrofoam plates or the table being covered in plastic. Or having to order at the front. Once you try the food, every pretentious thought will disappear. Poof. There's also a huge TV at the front of the restaurant, which is perfect for watching the game on. You could even order their saffron vanilla ice cream and inhale it like you would at home. So good. Let me repeat: SO good. I come here on a weekly basis.
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2014,11/12/2014,37,27,4,6,6>I have officially found my favorite Thai place!  I came here with a group of 12 and everything was perfect.  Im always impressed when restaurants handle a large group well.  The service was quick and very friendly...but the food.  Wow!Im so glad I came with a group!  I got to try several dishes.   My favorite apps were the dumplings and the curry puffs.   For main dishes you can't go wrong with the pineapple fried rice, asparagus stir fry, and of course the pad thai. The items are priced well and have great presentation.  I can't wait to go back here and try out new things!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2014,11/11/2014,105,649,,10,3>Saw this business at The Children's Festival today in Frederick, and went to check it out...Very eclectic mix of consignment and vintage... and includes homewares, childrens toys, as well as clothing, furniture- just about anything.They even had collections that could be used for crafting- old postcards, children's blocks, vintage silverware and jewelry...One thing I wish is that they were a little more selective in what they choose to sell.  For example-  I was looking for leggings for my daughter, and found two pairs, but both were $4.  I can get new leggings at Target for $4.  And I had to search through 15 other items that were mostly outdated, or the wrong season.Same thing with children's toys.  I wanted to buy large lego blocks, and they had several bagged sets available, but they all looked mismatched.If they had the space, maybe they could do a "bargain basement" type room with some of the items that are well-used or out of style (even for books- they had some good classic children's books, but then they had some other dated, sad looking books mixed in), and then focus on back-in-style vintage and current items.Regardless of the odd mix, I got a plastic shopping cart for $4 that my daughter loves.  And if you are looking to fill a toddler bed (or adult bed, I'm not judging) with Hello Kitty stuffed animals, you can find as many as you need right at Echo.  I also saw some pretty cute Olivia toys, vintage car toys, even a Coach bag.I'll definitely stop back in, esp if I can find a DIY on Pinterest for those vintage blocks...
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2014,11/10/2014,20,27,4,5,4>I heard there was a new spot at the National Harbor, right by the water, excellent views and good drinks, so although I'm not a frequent visitor of the National Harbor I decided to check it out, and I was not disappointed.  It was a really nice day, so the harbor was really packed and when we arrived at the restaurant there were 11 names on the waiting list for outdoor seating.  We put our name on the list, and they took down my phone number so they could send me a text when the table was ready.  We decided to look for available seating in the indoor bar area while we waited.  We were lucky and found seats, and we were greeted immediately by Maurice, one of the bartenders.  Maurice suggested the doli, which is pineapple infused vodka.  I had mine chilled in a martini glass.  It was light and refreshing, a perfect summer time drink.  From the indoor bar area we could see the views of the water, which was nice.  We noticed there were lots of orders of cornbread being brought out to other diners, and Maurice highly recommended that we try it.  I personally did not like the cornbread.  Some things I just prefer to keep simple, and cornbread is one of them.  The green chiles and cheese were just not appealing to me.  It was early in the day, so I opted for something on the lighter side to eat.  I went with the crab cake sandwich without the bread, since the crab cake entree has two crab cakes and I only wanted one.  The crab cake was topped with a corn salsa and sriracha aioli and I ordered a side of mashed potatoes instead of the fries.  The crab cake was delicious!!!!  The corn salsa and aioli flavors were a perfect accent to the all lump crab cake.  The mashed potatoes were ok, nothing exciting.  My friend ordered the barbecue chicken with mashed potatoes and a side salad.  The side salad was entree sized, and the chicken was juicy with plenty of flavor.  During the middle of our late lunch I received a text from the hostess stand advising that our table was ready.  We were comfortable with our seating and wanted to stay at the bar, so all we had to do was text the hostess back to make notification, and they move to the next reservation on the list.....that simple....no need to even leave your seat.  Loved that.Overall the experience was enjoyable and I would definitely go back to enjoy drinks and lunch and take in the views.  As far as the cons during my visit, I think some of the items on their menu are over-priced.  There is an area in the back where the customers can see the chickens on the rotisserie as they cook.....bad thing is this area is right by the bathrooms....poor design placement.  But Maurice, the bartender, was excellent and although I didn't like the cornbread, all of his other recommendations were right on point, he was friendly and professional. The quality of the food and drinks was really good. The atmosphere was upbeat and casual.  If they put more places like this down at the harbor, I may decide to visit more frequently.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/21/2014,11/9/2014,154,51,3,6,4>When I first came to Alicia's Mexican Grill, I wasn't expecting much. It's in one of those small shopping centers with the generic red signs. I was surprised when I got in the decor was nice and seemed a little classier than what I was expecting. Our servers were very good. They were friendly and constantly refilled our water. I really appreciated that. We came for a friend's bday and they brought out a sombrero and a tres leche cake, which was delicious. They had free chips and salsa out which was nice and homemade, but watery. As an app we ordered the mussels which was only $7. The portion for the mussels were huge and they tasted great. Good seafoody flavor. I ordered the Lomo Saltado, which was steak in a Peruvian Sauce with French Fries and the bf ordered beef and chicken fajitas. I thought the Lomo Saltado was just ok. I kinda assumed the portions would be huge since the mussels came with so much. The dish looked big, but it was mainly all veggies with pieces of steak. It came with a bowl of black beans, which were ok and rice. I thought I would be getting a lot of fries since that's what they advertised, but it was only a handful of fries mixed in. The fries were soggy from soaking up the sauce, but it tasted great! The fries were the best part of the dish. The pieces of steak were dry despite there being Peruvian sauce. The dish was missing garlic. I would not order this dish again. The bf's fajitas smelled delicious when it came out. I wanted to switch haha. Again the dish looked huge, but the meat proportion was small. It came with 4 strips of chicken and 4 strips of steak. I loved the strips of steak! It had a perfect grilled flavor, so good. And it had grilled bits of garlic! No wonder it was so good. The chicken was ok. If I had to go back I would order the beef fajitas.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2014,11/8/2014,46,156,3,4,4>It has been just over a month since I got my first tattoo. I chose DTC because of the quality of all the tattoo artist's portfolios. I was really impressed that such a small (local!) shop had such a wide variety of consistently talented artists.I needed someone who was superb with color and very detail-oriented. The second I opened up Ryan's portfolio, I knew he was my guy. He is extremely friendly, patient and as gentle as one can be while repeatedly sticking you with a needle ;) In fact, everyone in the shop is really cool. I met Ryan for a consultation and we went over what I wanted for my tattoo--a fractal/color wheel/flower. I lucked out and got an appointment the next day and when I got there the following night, he showed me his drawing, applied the stencil and got to work. 3 hours later my tattoo was done and I couldn't have been happier. I jumped around and squealed like a little fan girl, but I couldn't help it. I loved my tattoo that day and if it's possible, I am even more obsessed with it today. I also wanted to note that Anthony did my husband's tattoo the following week and although it was really simple, he did a great job. His line-work is impeccable and if you're in the market for American traditional, Anthony is the way to go.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2014,11/7/2014,92,161,4,3,3>I am a fan! The Jerk Pit is a favorite amongst a few of my friends and I am glad I finally tried it. I got the jerk chicken white meat quarter with cabbage and beans and rice it was perfect. Surprisingly, the star of the show was the cabbage. Great balance of sweet, savory and veggie flavors. I will definitely get double cabbage for my sides in the future. We also tried the mac n cheese and jerk wings and each of the dishes were tasty. I am looking forward to trying a few others on the menu in the near future. The service was great as well. I will be returning sooner than later.
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,11/6/2014,123,246,4,5,4>My first visit here was out of convenience - visited the Caribbean grocery in the same strip mall and happened to have a coat in my car that needed a stain removed.  They did a great job with the coat, even taking care to wrap all the buttons in foil so the cleaning chemicals wouldn't damage them.  Since then, I've had them clean blouses, dresses, cashmere sweaters, and even clothing with delicate beadwork and embroidery.  I have also had minor alterations done here, such as stiching up a tear in a seam or an unraveled hem.  I am always very pleased with their fast and professional service, low prices, and the quality of their work.  Also, the man who is usually at the front counter is very friendly and takes enough time to talk to you about the item of clothing, fabric, types of stains, and the options for cleaning.   Their customer service really stands out above most other dry cleaners I've been to in the DC or MD area.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,11/5/2014,80,122,1,14,5>One of my FAVORITE restaurants in Rockville (and I've been naughty up and down that Pike).  Very similar to La Canela (YUMMY!) without the hefty price tag.Here are their best hits:1) Ceviche Mixto: They get it right EVERYs single time. Perfect portions of fish, shellfish, and delicious picked onions. Not to mention that palette cleansing yam and crunchy corn kernels on the side that are very addicting.2) Ropa Vieja: Super flavorful pulled beef in a tostones basket and side of rice. I always end up getting this each time I come here!3) Anticucho (sp?): Grilled beef heart kabob. I can't tell you how delicious and meaty this is. Forget that it's a cow heart; the heart is a muscle just like any other beef you try. Chewier than normal beef, but the flavor is outstanding and drawn out by the sear over charcoal.Also very good are the arroz con mariscos (wet paella) and alfajor (tea cookies). The tea cookies come in small or large; definitely worth a try.  I would not order the osso buco again; not very flavorful in comparison to their other dishes.Overall an excellent restaurant and a nice place to take the significant other or family. Decent selection of wines and some S. American beers by the bottle. Decor has nice touches and you can actually see the menu! Service is friendly; had my favorite waiter there for awhile, but I think he may have moved on now.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/5/2014,136,1232,4,5,6>The best everything bagel I've had in he DMV, and it might be he best bagel I've had so far EVER!  The everything bagel was covered in everything and perfectly crunchy on the outside while chewy on the inside.  The cream cheese was perfectly flavored while the lox was perfectly cured without being too salty.  I also had a bialy for the first time - I'm not sure what I think of it - what makes a bialy a good one?This has now become my go-to spot in the DMV for a perfect bagel.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/4/2014,794,1145,8,13,9>Five stars all the way!  Yes, it really IS hidden behind a gas station (W Express is the name of it FTR).  I don't even recall seeing the name of the place on the storefront - which, from where I entered my have been the back of the place where the parking lot is.I got mine to go as I had groceries in the back of the car.  I wasn't a big spender; just a $2.99 chicken quesadilla for me.  It's small (an eight inch flour tortilla folded in half), but it is packed with flavor!  Don't forget to add a scoop of their fresh pico de gallo!Everyone is super friendly.  I definitely will be back.  It may be small and unassuming, but it's a real gem.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,10/3/2014,66,66,5,5,5>A most pleasant meal for a great price (under $10!) And the wait staff checked on my happiness and satisfaction at least six times.The meal of spicy shredded beef, cilantro rice, black beans, corn tortillas, salsa, corn chips, fried plantains and margarita was great.  Spicy sauce that was just hot enough to make me pause and check how much water I had left in my glass (answer: plenty), but not so hot that I stopped dipping the tortilla into the salsa.  The beef was good and tender and tasty.  The corn tortillas were fresh and served hot.The restaurant is small but nicely decorated. (See picture). The waitress tells me that it's packed on DJ night and karaoke night .  I plan to return to see in person.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/2/2014,60,94,4,7,7>best sunset in MD.  come late in the afternoon and hike up from the west view parking lot and stay till sundown.  Bring a flashlight to make sure you can head down the steps safely with limited light!  please no trash!no need to be a super hiker, paths well maintained.  it's more of a chill place to appreciate the scenery versus an outdoor adventure. plethora of trails around the mountain but honestly the only to see is at the top. assume 30+ min from parking lot to the top unless your on a mission and want to hurry.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,10/1/2014,22,182,2,6,2>I like this place, I really do. I ordered the grilled pork banh mi, the traditional banh mi, and a large mango smoothie. The baguette was crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside. The protein was freshly cooked and the contrast of the cold pickled carrot and radish really made the sandwich stand out. Some sprigs of cilantro gave the bites of the banh mi a refreshing herbal finish.The traditional banh mi had various vietnamese cold cuts with the same accoutrements as the grilled pork version and was equally enjoyable.The mango smoothie had a pleasantly thick consistency and the essence of mango was in every slurp of the straw. We hope to be back soon.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2014,9/30/2014,4,32,4,5,3>Driving down Rockville Pike on Saturday afternoon was difficult enough with all the traffic, but on top of it, I was starving! However while waiting at a stop light, Kielbasa Factory caught my eye and a quick yelp showed good reviews. The grocery store is a bit small and the merchandise is pricy, but everything seemed either homemade or imported from Poland. They have a really nice deli with various meats and kielbasas. My girlfriend and I decided to try different sandwiches and split them for lunch. Also, we picked up a couple of polish drinks for $.99 but they were quite bad--mines tasted like flat Redbull. Keep in mind this place has no seating at all so you most likely will be dining in your car. Both the Kielbasa and Turkey/Cheese sandwich was very well made and delicious. The kielbasa had a nice natural casing and a crunch and the sauerkraut was just right. The turkey sandwich was good, but what took it over the top was the mustard. This place makes for a nice quick lunch and next time I have a BBQ I know exactly where I will be getting sausages from. Food - B+Service - B+Atmosphere - B
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,9/29/2014,165,54,4,4,3>Service: Great! Friendly waiters who seem to enjoy serving guests. For myself, a waiter's appeal falls under how enjoyable they make the experience for me. Every time I have eaten here, I have felt as if my family is a part of a large group of friends at the restaurant. Two thumbs up to the staff at Guapos.Food: Also very good. I have tried the traditional and cantina styled chicken dishes along with the more "Americanized" tacos and burritos. Everything tastes great and in my opinion, seems a bit more authentic than many other restaurants.Environment: It is a very large Tex-Mex style venue in the heart of the Rio. You will see mostly families occupying the restaurant with teenagers scavenging the pier outside. As the night moves on, the average age progresses towards 21-25
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/28/2014,21,63,4,4,4>This was SOOOOO GOOD!! Best Korean Barbecue ever! It is so so so so so good. EMPHASIS ON GOOD!! It is neat that they cook the food right in front of you (except pork - done in the kitchen). The sides are small, but they refill them for you at no extra charge! Yummy kimchee and sweet potatoes, plus a side of salad! There were two other sides, but I didn't touch them... I've never seen them before lol...but I'm sure they were good!  I ordered the spicy pork bulgogi and my friend ordered the spicy chicken bulgogi. They both came with soups and some egg seaweed soup (I think that's what it was), but the broth in both was spot on! I couldn't help myself, I tried everything... feel bad for my friend!It was well worth the price of the entrees and we didn't even know it came with the soups, so that was a PLUS! :) I also ordered some bubble tea and finally found a place in Maryland with some yummy bubble tea! They don't use tapioca pearls, but instead popping boba! Even better! :) I got the honeydew bubble tea and definitely recommend trying it! So delicious...So delicious.... I fell into a food coma!!!! Will definitely be back for more!! YUM YUM YUM!!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/27/2014,177,258,5,4,4>Shoyu Ramen $10 (5/5 NOMs)Love at first spoooon. We are noming on some amazing Japanese ramen in Wheaton, DC metro area's foodie neighborhood. Its so beautiful, can't wait to dig into it and eat it all nom nom. Giant bowl of awesomeness with soy sauce flavored soup in pork base broth and a whole lots of noodles. The flavor is just so unique you won't be able to stop and eat it all. Its all about the egg here, soft boiled it tasted amazing. You do have to pay extra, but its worth it and next time I might just add two. Its crazy ramen world. This is more traditional ramen so you don't get as much meat so it was gone in no time. Next time you craving some soup, make sure to stop by there, one of the best places in town
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,9/26/2014,59,15,4,8,7>I wholeheartedly recommend Sam Chim for all of your real estate needs. He is  extremely professional and knowledgable.  The thing that I appreciate the most was that Sam was on top of everything. I never had to call and ask him where we were on any issues. He was always available even though he was very busy. He always made time to help us navigate thru the sometimes frustrating process of buying a home. He was always encouraging and really was great at taking control of a negative situation (and there were many)  and finding a solution that was good for everyone involved. He's always responsive be it texting or email. Once we made a desion on a house he guided us thru every aspect of process of home buying and was very accommodating to our schedule even while he was on vacation. Now thats dedication! To say the least I strongly recommend Sam Chim and his excellent hardworking team at Bankable Reality for all your real estate needs.Thank you so much Sam for helping find us our dream home.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,5/16/2014,145,120,6,10,6>This place is a hidden gem! I would've never found out about this place if it weren't for my yoga studio nearby. I highly recommend the dolsot bibimbap (in a hot stone bowl). Their seafood pancake is also delicious (and huge!). Service is fine (it's an Asian restaurant - what do you expect?!) and food is great!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2013,5/13/2014,80,122,13,7,4>Few things I like more than a nice plump dumpling on my plate. They have nice thick, homemade skin on these babies and it seals the flavors in. I can taste each loving finger pinch that it took to close these little purses up.My favorites:Mama's dumplings (big fan of shrimp)***Pork squash or pork napa dumplingsMama's mixed veggies***Five flavor beef (can be dry sometimes, but nice app nonetheless)Cold cucumbersBubble TeaMehs:Pork dill dumpling (mostly b/c I find the flavor of dill only satisfying when faint and this has a lot of dill. So order if you LOVE dill)Any dumpling with celery (when celery is steamed in a dumpling, again, the flavor is overwhelming. I just don't love celery enough to make this a habit)Condiments are pretty good. Mama's sauce is sweet and a little sour. Mix a little bit of soy sauce and chili oil. Adjust to taste to dip the dumplings in. Chili is still a must.***=order it or we can't be friendsTIPS: Parking is a B. As in BAD. And drivers in this lot most likely got their driver's license in Mars. Make sure you park in spots that either have sign or do not say RESERVED for Radio Shack or the Dentist. They will tow. Also, if there is one spot left in the lot and the driver parking next to it is slanted at a 45 degree angle and you have just enough space to make it in. DO NOT PARK THERE. The driver will most likely take off half your paint while pulling out.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,5/12/2014,142,262,1,8,5>Came here begrudgingly and scared to death of an orthopedic boot to fix my foot pain, which seriously ruin my look BUT I was pleasantly surprised.  After walking around cobble stone streets in San Juan for hours with only flip flops I developed serious pains in the arch of my foot months ago. The office staff is sweet and efficient but Dr. Tulpule was especially refreshing. I have to note I was expecting an elderly Dr at the podiatrist who wears some awful orthopedic shoes themselves but Dr. Tulpule is a young woman who could really relate to the issues the foot pain was causing i.e., wearing pumps, working out, etc.She not only listened to my concerns and reassured me I wouldn't need an orthopedic boot, she explained what was happening to cause my foot pain in detail. She provided several solutions that I could take to relieve the pain and gave me paper that went over the diagnosis, solutions and provided pictures of what the proper stretching looks like. I should've come much sooner because the office visit was quick, painless and had me feeling much better in less than 24 hours.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,5/11/2014,211,111,6,12,7>Essentially the best Chinese carryout I've ever tried! If ever in the area, this would be a great spot to drop by for quick and quality Chinese food. Their food is always fresh! They serve not only Chinese food, but also standard American food (burgers, fries, fried chicken wings.. etc.) Their Lo-mein (super tasty and fresh) and Wings are the BEST! Another item you should try is their steak egg rolls, I'd have to say it's amazing. From 11-3pm, they serve lunch specials with great prices. They also have a huge selection of beers to choose from!
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,5/10/2014,138,379,,6,5>4 years since my last review and I still peruse the selection here whenever I'm in the area. I love the selection of new clothing that Mustard Seed offers from private brands - although the size selection gets picked over way too quickly. On my last visit here yesterday, there were a few Tiffany & Co. pieces for reasonable prices. But what REALLY got me excited was a BRAND NEW pair of Sam Edelman Lorissa heels... IN MY SIZE... for only $28. I was blown away. Unfortunately, I see that they are still selling raggedy polo shirts and a few pieces that seem to have been a little TOO "pre-loved", but overall the selection and quality aligns with current trends. I've seldom walked away from Mustard Seed disappointed, but you do need to be patient when browsing and look at everything.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,5/9/2014,17,136,3,4,5>We almost missed the place as we only saw Gah-ram. Da Rae Won is tucked in the far end of this shopping complex.Anyway, I really love the seafood noodle soup. Hubby liked the fried garlic chicken. We only ordered these two things but it turned out to be a lot of food. We eventually took the rest home and had it again for lunch the next day. Double-win!The noodle is homemade so it does take a while to get the food ready. I also found this place amusing as it is frequented by a lot of Koreans. It must mean something, right? A Korean restaurant approved and frequented by Koreans?I will definitely come back here and would most likely try and introduce friends to this place too.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2014,5/8/2014,126,106,3,8,6>I've been to this restaurant several times, and I have to say this: Banh Mi. Banh Mi for lunch. Banh Mi for dinner. Banh Mi for a hearty snack. Over, and over, and over again. At $3 a pop, you really can't go wrong. Just remember to ask for the pate. The bread is perfectly baked with a firmer crust and soft middle. I had the pleasure of trying it right out the oven...and today, I'm tempted to go back for more. The shredded chicken was tasty, but next time it'll be grilled beef or chicken :) If you get a group together, its buy 5 get 1 free! They also have a good selection of soup (including pho) as well as tasty-looking vegetarian options. For this visit I tried the beef pho. It was tasty and well-prepared, however, it lacked that special kick. My guess is ginger, but it could also be the star anise. There simply wasn't enough oomph, and it needed a dash a sricacha. It also lacked cilantro, which really takes it down a notch. Or maybe I'm just obsessed with cilantro. Either way...meh. The beef in grape leaves were absolutely divine! I'm used to Greek-style dolmades, so this was an interesting take on it. The meat had a chewy texture that reminded me of a hot dog, but denser and minus the weird aftertaste. The Saigonese beef dish is also delicious, and contains enough meat for two people. The summer rolls were perfect with shrimp, sans pork. It's just fresher that way, and they're so tasty that peanut sauce can be an option not a requirement! If you're feeling adventurous, try the soup with pineapple! It's very tasty yet surprising...perfect for someone that enjoys the stranger food in life :D I'll be back...very soon.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2014,5/7/2014,46,118,5,22,3>Awesome store and customer service! Expecting my first baby in July and ended up doing my registry early with Joe. Highly recommend this wonderful man for a two hour guided tour of the top BBB or highly recommended products. Gave pro's and con's for all items, answered all questions, and made it fun! The husband enjoyed Joe's comments and down to earth explanations, a.k.a. man terms for certain products. Made it easy and enjoyable for the husband. The store does carry only certain brand or items but its the top rated or BBB recommended product. I didn't want to be overwhelmed with various selections of cribs, bottles, and etc. Just wanted to see the top few brands and if I did feel it was overpriced I would say I'd like to move on or register it at Buy Buy Baby. We ended up having two registries. One with all the little things and convenience to the store of Buy Buy Baby all around the U.S. and the other at Great Beginnings with larger ticket items.We purchased our crib, dresser, nightstand, and glider at Great Beginnings. Some of the cribs were expensive but it depended on the company and type of wood they used. We went with the brand Munire. The price wasn't bad since we got a bundle and the furniture is not cheap...as in material. It's built with fine wood that will last another baby or even when baby gets older. As to the complaint about delivery time being four months, the sign with the prices actually tells you it will take as long as four months to be delivered. They also verbally tell you about the shipment. I ordered mine early February since I wasn't in any rush and can wait the four months. The delivery only took a month for all my items to be shipped to my house and assembled by Great Beginnings.Will return to Great Beginnings for additional baby items or just the knowledge they have about the products!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,5/5/2014,66,49,3,8,6>While it's not extremely above average, it's great food for the price! Tucked away in Kentlands lies this little gem of a place (it's way behind the strip of the central stores). Thai Express is pretty small in size but has adequate seating and seems to be pretty clean. I can't quite speak for the service but the host (I believe) was really sweet and polite. As I said before, the food isn't crazy amazing BUT considering you're paying ~$8 to $10 for most entrees and ~$3 to $7 for appetizers, it's pretty stinkin' great. We ordered the calamari, "Thai veggie dumplings", kee mao, pad thai, and thai fried rice. Now when I say the food isn't super awesome, I don't mean it lacks flavor. The food's still really good, but don't expect to be floored. I'd probably skip the calamari and dumplings next time though. Calamari was too thickly breaded (think tempura-like coating), and the dumplings were a tad bit too oily. Overall though, I was really satisfied considering we had a great amount of yummy food for a even greater price! PS they do deliver, but only two miles out for now.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,5/4/2014,126,87,2,5,4>4.25!  This was our 4th yelpluck dinner spot, and it surely wasn't a disappointment.  I drove from DC, and it took over 45 minutes to get here due to traffic, but the trip was totally worth it. I never had Burmese food, but I am extremely glad that my lovely fellow MD burbs yelpers chose this place!!!!!!   If anything you should try the tealeaf  salad.  It's like cole slaw, but very nice, creamy in a strange way, and refreshing at the same time.We ordered a bunch of dishes to share, and many of the dishes had tomato pastes.  But the best dish of the night was this remarkable fish pasta.  We didn't order it, but our server (I arrived late, so I didn't get his name), gave it to us on house.  That dish was so unbelievably good... I am not familiar with this cuisine, and we ordered a bunch of things so I can't really exactly describe everything we ate... I just remember tasting all different dishes, and thinking they were really good lol.  I would definitely like to come back here to taste each dish better!
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,9/15/2014,39,155,3,6,5>It's great to have a proper coffee shop nearby! The space, while not totally finished is great: I like the wide-open, warehouse feel. Once they get a little more seating in there, it'll be a nicer place to hang out. We really enjoy the cold brew that you can take home in bottles ($12 initially for the large bottle, then $6 for refills). I'm actually not a huge coffee person, so I got a mocha, but it wasn't quite sweet enough for me... I'll get a regular latte and add some sugar next time. We also got a cappucino, which was pretty good. I'm glad they decided to open on Saturdays, or it would have been impossible to come between 8-2 on weekdays. The meters nearby are a little temperamental and don't seem to take nickels or dimes, FYI.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,9/14/2014,809,288,9,14,11>So glad we have this place. Where else can you get Greek food in PG? *crickets*Exactly!I had the pork gyro with tzatziki sauce which was really good. The chunks of pork were tender. Next time I'll get here on a Tuesday so I can get a gyro for $5. The staff is really nice and the restaurant itself is set up family style. You actually would not mind  sitting down to eat in. The dining area is very clean, comfortable, and neat.I bought my coworker back their house made baklava, she enjoyed it.As I was waiting on my order. I saw the Kokkinisto floating past, a roast beef short rib in a red wine sauce served over mashed potatoes.  I 'll definitely get this when I come back.I HEART COMFORT FOOD!
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/13/2014,44,182,2,7,4>Came on a Saturday night for dinner around 7. Surprisingly for a Bethesda place, it wasn't crowded...at all. Only a few tables were taken, and we wondered why. I know it's a relatively new place, but still!The atmosphere is great. It's a little dark, but very chic, would make for a good date night restaurant. The servers were all very attentive and nice too.Now, on to the food - everything we had was good! Nothing 5 star amazing that would make me want to come back the next day, but everything was solid. I had the tandoori pork chop, which was cooked perfectly and served on a bed of sweet potato mash. I liked the spice combination too. Dad had the spice-rubbed lamb shank, which he really enjoyed. Mom had the fish special - a tandoori spiced salmon over risotto with spinach and sun-dried tomatoes. She really liked it too. For dessert, my parents ordered the beignets - which they said were good! Not New Orleans good, but definitely yummy.Only real downside is it's pretty pricy.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,9/12/2014,71,110,3,5,5>Finally a store with clothing just for Men!!I feel like as a guy, most clothing stores are 99% filled with women's clothes with a small smidge of real estate is carved out for mens clothing with limited selection.  In comes Bonobos which I had recently discovered at Nordstroms.  They have some great threads that are actually affordable.  It is a new concept to get used to.  All the clothes that are in the shop are display only.  You can try things on, but everything is ordered online and then shipped to your house.  This was some of the best customer service that I have ever experienced and will definitely be returning.  If you are looking for a great new shop for mens clothing, definitely give this place a shot.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2014,9/11/2014,36,119,4,5,5>Love this place, and although the exterior is a suburban strip mall, this location manages to set a solid atmosphere indoors, with a bar as well as a dining section and a takeout counter.This food is really solid and reasonably priced.  Service is always prompt and friendly at this location, which has plenty of parking (unlike the downtown location at times).  I don't usually order fries when I go for bbq, but I'll echo other reviewers: the fries are delicious at Black Hog.  So are the burgers, which again, I don't normally order at a bbq restaurant.  But in my mind, Black Hog is my local go-to for burgers and fries as well as bbq these days.  As for the bbq, I hail from Texas, so I'm a brisket person.  Which is good here, but I think the sausage and the chicken are my favorite, or the Arkansas bbq beef if you are looking for a bbq sandwich.  I think they have four different kinds of sauces sitting on the table as well.  The greens are tasty and the corn bread hits the mark.  I found myself wanting a little bit more from the beans and slaw.  Like I said, it's unusual for the fries to be the stand-out side at a bbq joint.  I haven't tried the ribs, since their menu puts even a half rack at a higher price point than some of the other items.  I'm a mix-and-match plate kind of person, and ordering ribs here seems to be more of a commitment.  Maybe someday I'll take the plunge.  I haven't had drinks at the bar, but I can vouch for the fresh lemonade!You'll definitely walk out of here smelling like bbq, so leave your nice jackets at home or in the car.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/10/2014,366,485,5,8,6>$3.50 for a spider roll??! - yes please!!!I love coming to this place - the service is always smiling and friendly, they never hesitate to make yummy recommendations when I am double minded and will customize your sushi if you want ( for instance, they don't have a crunchy yellow tail on their menu, but they will make you one). The best thing obviously is that fact their fish is always sooooooo fresh and yummy! And I have to hand it to the sushi chef - the knife cuts are always so clean! I wish I was closer, but I have been known to drive all the way from silver spring to have their sushi :)I also love their miso soup and the shrimp/ veggie tempura - love the fact that the veggies in the tempura still remain crisp after all the frying and the dish never feels too oily. They have this beautiful amethyst crystal on display at the counter - it never fails to amaze me. All in all, BIG bang for your buck and great service! :)
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,9/9/2014,104,40,9,11,10>It's a hot summer day, you need something that will compliment the weather, where do you go? Pho Nom Nom. No, really. Come here. Why would you go for ice cream/froyo/bubble tea? You don't need to cool down, you need some pho. :DWhy this Pho?- They accept Visa and Mastercard.- The staff is superb. We're talking 5 star restaurant quality.- The pho comes out hot and steamy and QUICK.- They have delicious Thai iced tea (does anyone else think Pho 75's is waaay too sweet?)The food:- The pho comes in small, large, and extra large. The small is like a large cereal bowl.- The food comes out very quickly, even when you're hungry (aka when a second can feel like a year).- The soup base they use tastes amazing. I have this problem where the soup disappears quicker than the noodles!- Their appetizers are great, too. They've got a wider variety of appetizers than most pho restaurants.The staff:- The first time I came here was during a weekday lunch rush hour. We actually got asked to move from a 4-seat table to a 2-seat table. It was awkward, but we had no reason to say no. An hour later when we were done with our meal, the person who seemed like the boss/manager apologized about that and thanked us for our understanding. A whole hour later. That really showed how much they cared about our patronage right to the end.- The third time I came here, during a weekend lunch rush hour, it was even busier. There were 3 groups waiting in front of us, but my friend and I got seated within 5 minutes. How? Because as soon as customers got up to leave, a server was on top of it to wipe down the table for the next customer. It was amazing watching it all happen. Efficiency at it's best!- By the time we sat down, the line was to the door. The same boss/manager looking lady came by to every customer waiting in line and offered them the menu. I know that seems like a no brainer, but the next time you go to a restaurant and have to wait, see if the host/ess offers you a menu. Probably not, right?- Even more brilliant was the fact that the boss lady asked them if they're ready to order, and that she would make sure to put their order in as soon as they were seated. Like, wow. Can you get this kind of ridiculously compassionate service in many other restaurants? Did you have to pay for a $100 meal to get that kind of service? Well, pho here is less than $10 per bowl.Small things to note:- Tripe is not an option :(- Parking is super limited. There's about 5 restaurants tightly squeezed together sharing the same parking space. I recommend carpooling if possible.- The restaurant itself is slightly cramped, despite their best efforts to maximize use of their space. Expect someone to bump your chair while trying to get by. But, we're all civil here, yes ma'am!So.... Get Pho Nom Nom. Summertime. Wintertime. Anytime! Have I mentioned pho is great for a hangover?
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,9/8/2014,60,50,1,8,5>I really like this place. Everything is super cute and you can find a lot of unique products here. It's great for getting gifts or just interesting additions to your kitchen. Their stuff might be a little expensive, but I haven't seen anything that looks poorly made. Plus, everyone there is really nice and willing to help out!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2014,9/7/2014,44,71,3,3,5>3.5 stars. Now, you must understand that I am a discerning and knowledgeable consumer of BBQ, and I this place ranks right about in the middle of the vast number of BBQ joints I've visited. BBQ in the North (I include Maryland here) is never better than BBQ in the south. That said, this place was pretty good. The standout was the Arkansas BBQ, which would get five stars by itself. The pulled pork, however, was unremarkable. I didn't love the sauces- I found them unbalanced: either too much vinegar or too much molasses. I will give them credit for their mac and cheese, which was pretty good and at least appeared to contain some real cheese, as opposed to some places which give you a Kraft-like variant with cheesy sauce. The coleslaw was good, and chopped fine which I like for putting it on the sandwich. Corn bread was a bit dry, and butter was almost frozen so I couldn't spread it. Waiter was great- good service here!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,9/6/2014,139,897,3,5,5>Another 4 star review for the place that already has so many 4/5 star reviews. We stopped by the other day for weekend brunch and it was an experience! First thing to note is get in line - literally the line snakes around the front part of the restaurant that serves as a store for takeout orders and and also stocks sodas, chips, and other snack items. The wait was about 25 minutes for us to get to the front of the line. Since we there was 4 of us, we were sent to another line in the back of the restaurant but this time the wait was under 10 minutes. The tables here are small and good for 4 people so larger parties may have to sit on different tables.  Tho they do have a few larger tables.Service is quick and efficient - given that they want quick turnaround, but at no point we felt it was pushy to get us out quick!They have a wide selection to choose from and we ordered the Chorizo sausage and egg wrap; and Nova omelette. Both dishes were very good and not overly cheesy etc. They do have a pickle bar that goes well with any dish.Parking is a bit crampbed, but we will definitely be back soon to try other items on the menu!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2014,6/15/2014,44,71,3,4,3>Brickside is pretty great. It was the bar that originally sucked me in- they have a great array of prohibition-themed punches. My favorite is the Pimm's punch. At $8 a glass, they are fairly expensive, but worth it as a new, interesting alternative to the usual drinks. Having finally eaten their food, I now feel qualified to write a review. I've eaten their Cobb salad, various appetizers, and their flatbreads. I haven't had a full entree though. Everything has been great but the real standouts are their creative French fries, offered in several combinations of seasoning and dipping sauce, including old bay and ketchup, truffle oil and hollandaise, and the best, buffalo fries with blue cheese dipping sauce. Ohh that was good, and the perfect thing to snack on while drinking punch. The atmosphere at Brickside is pleasant, and you don't have to deal with the younger drunk crowd that you would find at Caddie's or Union Jack's. It's a classier joint, and the patrons skew a bit older (like 30ish old, not middle aged) but the bar is still always packed at night. They rent out spaces, like the enclosed patio, for private parties. A friend had her engagement party there are it was perfect for that type of casual afternoon gathering. My only complaints are that the service is sometimes slow, and it can be hard to get a drink at the crowded bar. It seems like the servers and bartenders get spread too thin.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,6/14/2014,78,356,,9,4>I decided to stop by before going to the gym. I went in to ask about the 100 point dessert wine and asked about how to drink it and the man working there was more than helpful! He taught me some things about wine and the process of making wine and also told me ways to drink and eat the wine. I then asked him more questions about other wines and he answered them all and even made suggestions to other wines. GREAT GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE AND ALSO VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE! They know their wine and beer :D I also asked about storing wine and will have to go again and learn how to properly re-cork a bottle of wine :)Near the cash register there are a few sheets of paper on a clipboard and you are able to request wines and beers you'd like them to sell. They will email you when and if they have what you requested!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,6/13/2014,809,288,6,8,6>This place has great industrial sized washing machines. This will be my 3rd time bringing my patio furniture cushions to be washed at this location and never have they faded.  I bagged em up brought em in costs me $30. They take care of getting them clean all I had to do was drop them off. The owner was kind enough to give me the discount even though my order was just under $35. The next day I pick my cushions up. They're bright, they're clean, they smell good & I'm happy!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2014,6/12/2014,12,35,5,7,5>My absolute favorite nail salon in Montgomery County! The staff is friendly, prices are reasonable, great selection in nail polish, and the establishment is clean. I always go to Karen for a fill-in and Mai for a waxing. Karen is very fast but extremely meticulous! Mai is a phenomenal waxer! She makes sure that it's as painless as possible. I would highly recommend this place but make sure you make an appointment on the weekends. They accept credit cards but tip in cash (they have an ATM machine inside).
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,6/11/2014,226,296,,4,2>So far, so good.  I heard about this place on Yelp and it got some very good reviews so I decided to check it out after the other cleaners I was going to started to slack off on the job and take a long time between drop off and pick up.My main concern has to do with spots.  I'm a little bit of a spiller and I get spots on my shirts and sports coats. These are custom made clothes because I'm a bit on the circumferrentially challenged side of things (read: fat)  I need the spots to come out. So, I took a sportcoat in and they got the spot out. I now have some shirts in with one that had spots in it when I took it to the other cleaners.  if they get those out, I'll be a raving fan.The other thing I'm liking about this place is that they're quick. I put my sport coat and slacks in on a Wednesday and they said it would be ready of Friday. Ditto my shirts. In on Saturday, ready by Tuesday.  I like that. Waiting a week for shirts is a no-go.I plan to update this review from time to time (especially when I get my shirts back). It's hard to find a decent cleaners that are:a) reasonably priced (this one is)b) competent (so far this one is)c) quick (this one is)d) friendly (this one is big time friendly)e) close enough to home to make the trip worthwhile (this one is a tad far but worth it)So, I'll get on the five star bandwagon.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/22/2014,6/10/2014,60,4,8,6,3>Recently went to The Roots to buy some craft beers/ciders. While they do have a great selection, it's just a total rip off. I found the same exact beer I had purchased at Total Wine & More (about 20min away, but well worth the trip) for more than HALF the price difference. I paid $6.99 for one 16oz bottle of Crabbies ginger beer at The Roots, in comparison to the $9.99 I paid at Total Wine & More for a 4pack of 12oz beers. That's 48oz for $9.99 compared to 16oz for $6.99 at The Roots. That's a ridiculous price increase. I did the math and that's about a 102% price difference. Will never buy beer/wine their again. Selection is great but if you're anything like me, you wouldn't want to pay more, much more,* for less.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,6/9/2014,51,85,8,9,5>Dr. Taylor and Noah have a lot in common. They both save animals. She has taken care of my three dogs for the last 15 years. She is kind and compassionate to my animals and our family. Dr. Taylor worked my 14 year old Pomeranian in on an emergency visit today. My dogs love her and she has always done a great job medically for each one. She knows them and remembers their specific needs. She is dedicated and doesn't give up on them,even when circumstances look bleak. Dr. Taylor gives sound medical advice and goes the extra mile for you and your pet. She gave Coal a shot and have me medicine to continue to help him at home. So, if you love your pet like I love mine take them to Dr. Taylor for the best medical care in town.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2014,6/8/2014,137,178,7,9,5>I enjoy finding places just so I can cheat on my diet with and Wicked Waffle was just the place to do the job! I'm not sure who decided to open this place, but they're a complete genius! Everything here is made with waffles as the star. Instead of bread, the sandwiches are in between two waffles. Even the desserts are made with waffles! They have sweet and savory waffles that are made to order, so they aren't sitting around for hours before you order them. Being a Wicked Waffle newbie, I decided to stick with what I know, so I ordered the chicken and waffle and a order of fries. It included one waffle, a strip of deep fried chicken breast and some sort of cold slaw concoction on top. It was such a welcomed and delightful meal. The waffle was fluffy and the chicken was seasoned well. The fries weren't really memorable, but not bad. After eating the meal I didn't feel overly stuffed or weighed down. It's a decent size portion and the waffle is light. The staff was polite and helpful and the service was quick.  I will be back again to cheat on my diet. Whatever you do, don't tell my trainer about my cheating ways. Lol!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,6/7/2014,70,201,2,4,2>One guy brings in his excellent exotic vegetables, another his  chicken's eggs and a variety of meats. One large stand has "normal" but high quality fruits and vegetables, while a couple of stands have prepared food.Plenty of parking, but you may need to park a couple of blocks away.Did I mention that there are also crafts add natural cosmetics available? I will!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,6/6/2014,29,137,,6,4>One Word:  Brunch!!!I absolutely love their brunch!!!  They are incredibly accommodating, patient, and always flowing with the drinks.  On multiple occasions they have taken care of us when we were large groups and done this with talent.  Some of my favorites probably include: chicken and waffles, salmon and dough, and grilled cheese with tomato.  I'm starting to drool just thinking about it.  I think an email to my brunch group is now in order.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,9/25/2014,178,206,2,7,6>Five stars indeed! I found this lovely establishment because of the great Yelp reviews. The company lives up to its reputation.I needed a curtain cleaned due some serious stains and it was a dry clean only garment. I actually went to Zips first and they could not clean the item since they do the clothes in batches.Thankfully I found Apple Cleaners. I was pleasantly greeted as soon as I walked in. I explained my curtain ordeal and the women said no problem, we can do it.I picked up the curtain a few days later and it looks like new. I'm beyond impressed. They did a phenomenal job! They have excellent customer service.I will definitely bring back my specialty items here.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,9/24/2014,51,85,7,13,11>Like a plate of chocolate chip cookies that are hot from the oven,Mrs. K's Toll House has that warm comfort and delicious taste. A beautifully picturesque white cottage with a colorful garden that delights the eye and satisfies the food lover in all of us. Mike and I sat on the patio in the back of the restaurant. Our waitress was Terry and she was friendly and sweet. She didn't rush us as we perused the menu for our meal. I really liked the drink list.  There is a variety of drinks both sweet and savory. The first thing we ordered was Parmesan truffle French fries. The fries were crispy and light. The truffle Parmesan sauce was fabulous. Next, we ordered the deviled eggs which were creamy and full of rich tasty filling. Another hit was the shrimp cocktail.  It had huge fresh shrimp that were enhanced by the cocktail sauce. We also ordered pickled vegetables that were topped with goat cheese and came with crunchy pieces of home made Melba toast. My favorite was the ground lamb gyros that were perfectly cooked and had a succulent tzadiki sauce on top. They are still floating in my dreams. It was a lovely evening and the service was outstanding. I loved the beautiful gardens and the food was a gastronomic delight. Mrs. K's Toll House is definitely a hidden gem.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,9/23/2014,128,414,6,7,4>M & N's is officially my new favorite pizza place in Bethesda. I had read the rocking reviews on Yelp, but something about the fact that this place serves both Indian food and pizza made me question the collective wisdom. I'm not a huge fan of Indian food (yet- maybe M & N's will change my mind one day), so that may have been part of the reason. Unfortunately, my lack of trust in mankind lost me 8 months of joy, in which I could have been consuming delicious pizza all day, every day. Please: don't make the same life mistakes I've made. As a side note, I've only ordered through Grubhub, because when I'm ordering pizza, I'm usually too lazy to go pick it up in person... so I can't comment on the place itself. Most important thing first: the pizza. It is awesome. Some price points, compiled across all multiple orders: a large pepperoni pizza was $14.24, a medium pepperoni pizza was $12.49, and a 'make your own calzone' was $11.99. The calzone cured my calzone-specific craving, but it was forgettable compared to their pizzas. After years of eating pizza, I have developed a well-validated and highly reliable ranking system with three pizza categories: how good the pizza tastes hot and fresh; how good the pizza tastes cold the next day; and how good the pizza tastes reheated. M & N's has the best hot and fresh pizza in the Bethesda area, hands down. It's also pretty good when eaten cold the next day. But reheated? Ehhhh... somehow it loses it's magic in comparison to how it tasted when hot and fresh. One day I'll get a degree in biochemistry and figure out why this is, but for now, it shall remain a mystery. So, perhaps order in relation to your stomach capacity, so that you can consume a maximum proportion of pizza the night of. Other things that are awesome here:- Chicken tenders ($8.99). Five BIG chicken tenders, cooked perfectly, and with a small-to-medium side of french fries or onion rings (go for the onion rings!). I've gotten in the habit of ordering this whenever we order pizza and eating it for lunch/dinner the next day (why yes, my pants have been feeling tighter, thank you very much).- Old Bay french fries ($2.99). I am obsessed with Old Bay almost as much as I am obsessed with pizza. Combine the two and what do you get? Magic. The fries are also even more delicious and crunchy when reheated in the oven the next day.Grubhub also claims that in addition to the pizza, french fries, and chicken tenders, M & N's mozzerella sticks, wings, and "honey pillows" are their most popular items, but I haven't tried them yet... guess I know what I'm doing this weekend.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,9/22/2014,247,106,7,10,8>I am proud to say I was born at the original Walter Reed Army Medical Center that was once located in Washington, D.C. but in the past several years it has crumbled, fallen on hard times, and a made a glorious re entry into the world at what used to be Bethesda Naval Medical Center. Needless to say, going on base can get a bit complicated. Currently I am an American Red Cross volunteer and I enjoy every minute of it. Going through the process can be tiresome but worth the struggle. I recommend anyone to volunteer the staff are friendly and helpful getting you into where you would like to be. But trying to gain access was a pain in the behind. You need base access and they might very well forget to put your name on the list. Not to mention because you are on a military base they are very adamant that if you do not have clearance stand the side and allow them to hold your i.d. Once you get pass that process now you all you have to do is figure out the base and it's layout. Lets just say you will need plenty of practice with this. Buildings are not always numbered in ordered and are connected through a maze of stairs, elevators, hallways, and tricks. Once you have mastered that tactic now you can admire the upgrades since leaving the old hospital. If there is one thing Walter Reed has always needed was an upgrade and the former Bethesda Naval was always a beautiful base. Take your time and go through and make a trip to Main Street (Dunkin Donuts, Subway, The Main Cafe, and the Dry Dock that has so many goodies to choose from).  As you mosey along and find your way you will notice that there are small cafes abound just to help cure any hunger pains. Take another trip outside and you can visit some friends and family members in the barracks or take your time shopping at the NEX.Overall I thoroughly enjoy the base and the services given
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,9/21/2014,1,115,3,2,2>Good wine shop, one of the best in Montgomery County in my opinion. Location is a bit out of the way. Right around the corner is the relatively new Park Potomac development with a wine bar (Wine Harvest). That's for tasting, Bottle Shop is for buying bottles. Bottle Shop staff are friendly, they have regular tastings on Friday evenings for wine (Thursdays for beer). I've been to some of each and the selections have ranged from mediocre to excellent, nothing bad. I have not had occasion to ask deep questions to test the wine knowledge of the staff, the little exposure I did have indicates that they know their products.Selection is very good. Prices are a bit high compared to DC, and the selection and sales cannot compare to the best DC stores. Still, if you want to pick up a bottle at a local shop and drink it, this is a good place to come.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,9/20/2014,8,83,4,4,5>Every time we are near college park, even if we are not even that hungry, we stop into this place to get amazing pho. We always get the summer rolls to start which are tasty, vietnamese ice coffee which is one of the best I've ever had, and a large number 7 with extra tripe and meatballs. Good golly, it's hot, beefy, flavorful and sure to put you in a food coma each time.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,9/19/2014,11,140,7,10,5>Ride Capital Wheel on Wednesday @ 2 rides for $20 & includes parking. That's a good deal for us locals. I saw a small sign saying this as we exited the ride after paying more. I'm coming back on a Wednesday.If it is a foggy day, don't waste your money going up. We could see the Masonic Temple in VA, Washington Monument, WW Bridge, I95/495, the site of future MGM Casino, and boats on the Potomac River. The entire DC skyline was in view on a very clear day.This is the time for a camera with all those long lens if you own it. The 2 photos I show were taken with an iPhone. I wish I had my camera or iPad to get better photos.Personally, I enjoyed it at $13.50 for a senior and will go anytime family and friends want to ride. The children in line and the ones getting off the ride were really excited. One little girl, 2-4 yr old, told the attendant "I had fun!" as she exited w/o being prompted by a parent. The grin on her face was from ear-to-ear, PRICELESS. I must have more of the child left in me than i figured. I am looking forward to my next ride and mentally committed to taking my 2 great nephews when they visit. Then we'll take the water taxi to Old Town Alexandria, ride the free trolley to the metro station to get in some site seeing, do the Torpedo Factory and eat. You gotta feed nephews! LoL.Note: This is @ National Harbor on the pier. You will see road signs to National Harbor now or use the exits for Indian Head HWY/210S. The road signage improved recently. There is no free parking @ National Harbor. There are buses from DC but I am not a bus person so check with your hotel consigliere.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,9/18/2014,100,115,5,7,7>The food is here is amazing! Sports bars usually don't sell above-average food, but Big Play is not your average sports bar. I came here for Game 6 (Wizards/Pacers) last night and I was so amazed by the quality of food and the price I paid for it! We got here about 30 minutes before tip off because we worried about it getting crowded (based on the suggestions of Yelp users). Though the place isn't that big, we were able to secure a table without problem. (Folks don't really start coming until late---think 10/11pm). Anyway, after my friend I looked over the menu forever (everything sounded so good) I settled on the Angus Burger with French fries and an additional side of Mac and Cheese. She ordered the Jerk Chicken Sandwich on coco bread with a side of Mac and Cheese also. Our food arrived really quickly and you could tell somebody's mama is back in the kitchen putting her foot into this meal! The mac and cheese was so good that I had to order another one 15 minutes after I had finished my meal! Portions aren't super huge but they're sufficient enough to fill you up. Plus, the prices are really low! I got my burger and fries, 2 sides of mac& cheese and endless refills on Sprite for only $15! My friend had like four drinks, the Jerk Sandwich and a side of mac & cheese for only $29!!!  Everything was soooo bomb! It was amazing. Literally just that. You HAVE to come here for yourself and experience!I will say that as the crowd got larger, the waiter seemed a lot more overwhelmed and we had to remind him what we requested. Other than, this place is A1! I will DEF be back!
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/17/2014,11,288,5,5,6>Since we ventured out to other ethnic markets, BP and I decided to stop by here as well. Initially we were only looking for Best brand ice cream. The market did not have the Best brand here, but had the cheese flavored and the corn flavored ice cream we were looking for. BP was very interested in still purchasing the ice cream, but the containers were a bit large. We're still looking!  I ended up purchasing a pack of what I will call the Filipino version of Chicken XLB's: Chicken Siopao. I was very excited by the variety of Filipino snack food here. I found my new favorite thing:  Mamon (Filipino Sponge Cake). Seriously, you've gotta try it! I found it to be a bit more expensive than I would have wanted it, over $2, but it tasted what I imagine my favorite Pokemon ever, Jigglypuff, would taste like. It was light, fluffy, and just heavenly...Perhaps next time we will try the cafe in the back of the market!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,9/16/2014,89,165,4,4,5>They are super busy and super fast!  I love it! My car looks amazing and the prices are really good. I even got a free air deoderizer for my car since I bought two.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/24/2014,247,106,2,8,6>A quick rumble of my stomach and I made a quick choice to Yelp any options for a Sunday brunch and the #1 rated place was Mosaic Cuisine and Cafe. Well I cannot say I was disappointed. After reading the fabulous reviews of the waffles, hash browns, and French toast, I could not wait until Sunday arrived to enjoy. Sunday arrives and my family member and I arrived early because I read the place gets crowded quick and we were promptly seated as though there were only just a few patrons already in the place. I glanced over the breakfast menu and they had several options for those who enjoy meats, veggies, and watching their heart health. Making note of this, I decided to indulge and just treat myself that day. My family member opted for the waffles with strawberry topping but before warned that they do not come to the table piping hot. I opted for French toast, scrambled eggs, and hash browns with hot tea. The food arrived and the presentation was more than pleasing. Everything looked fresh and ready to devour. My French Toast came with a dipping sauce and covered in powdered sugar, the eggs were placed on a small plate on their own, and the hash brown shaped into a small patty was perfectly crisp and not burned on the bottom. As we dug into our meals the French Toast was soft, moist, and flavorful. The hash browns, as mentioned in previous reviews, hit your tongue with the taste of onions and peppers and was perfectly seasoned. On the other hand, as I enjoyed my meal, not even halfway through theirs my family member complained that the waffle was cold and they had not even devoured half of it. This little bit of information took away from our dining experience. But this is not to take away from the melt in your mouth ability of the waffle. It is so light and airy it is unbelievable how they get it that way. Maybe this is one of the reasons why it does not come to the table piping hot (even though I wish it did).Will I be back again for breakfast/brunch? AbsolutelyWould I recommend this place to anyone else? AbsolutelyIs worth your money? AbsolutelyThey have a new fan in me
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,3/23/2014,177,258,5,7,4>Bacon-Maple Gelato $7 (5/5 NOMs)BAAAACCCON!!! Bacon maple coming out of the wazoo. Can never beat a yummy dessert with bacon. Look at that awesome sugar sculpture, its just so pretty! Every spoonful will make your taste buds jump with excitement. You just might moan and people will ask "i'll have what he is having." So light and smooth its a perfect way to end your foodie adventure. There is a lot of gelato there, too much for one person, but perfect to share with the whole table. Those who say bacon fab is overdone haven't tried this great dessert. So order up!Beef Empanadas $3 (5/5 NOMs)You have been out beefed. Crunchy empanada stuffed to the max with extra flavorful beef. So much meat there is no empty spot to be found. First bite and its unlike anything you've tasted before. Its like beef had brand new undiscovered flavor. You could really taste the gourmet restaurant quality here for a low price. This place is small share plate style, but don't share this, be greed and eat whole one yourself!!! Served with a nice ass kicking chimichurri dipping sauce. Make sure to pour lots of it inside for an extra kick. Order only comes with one empanada, so we might just have to get a few more.Ox Brisket $18 (5/5 NOMs)That's not your mama's brisket. Who needs beef when you can eat Ox. Cooked to perfection for 48 hours, its so tender it just melts in your mouth. No need for a knife, just use your fork with ease. Layer of meatiness with yummy fatness goodies. Brisket had a nice surprising sweet flavor from honey-ginger jus. Served with very light and soft potato puree. Every ingredient picked perfectly to match and enhance entire dish. First I thought its kind of small, but its extremely filling. perfect dish to share with few friends and try other dishes. Great to see brand new meat place in Silver Spring.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,3/22/2014,93,114,4,8,7>First time here and blown away...by the food but also by the customer service...my review jumped to 5 stars because of Rizza, our server, and Ian, the manager.For some reason I thought we could bypass the lunch crowd by showing up around 1:30 on a Saturday. NOPE! Was told there was a 45 minute wait and the large U-shaped bar was jam packed. Must have been our lucky day because the wait was only 20 minutes!!We were greeted enthusiastically by Rizza who let us know that we had 10 minutes left if we wanted to order from the brunch menu. Noting the long brunch menu and the separate but equally long lunch menu, I knew that I could not scan the menu quickly enough in 30 seconds to keep Rizza standing there. I innocently asked her if she would return within those 10 minutes because having been in that exact same predicament many times during happy hour, I have learned it is better to take matters into your own hands and personally walk up to the bar to order. Rizza looked surprised and assured me that she would be back in time.I seriously like this woman!!We started with raspberry, lime Rickies ($4) and were warned they would make us pucker. They make all their syrups in house and I don't think there was a bad option on the menu! While waiting for our food, I was able to watch all the different orders walking by our table and I was mesmerized by the portions as well as the creativity of the plating. Water was served from an old fashioned milk jar. Bacon lollies ($9) were brought out on an actual metal pitchfork and the ciabbata topped with brie, apples and onion jam ($8) served on a cutting board was almost too pretty to eat. Almost. The bacon was thick cut pork belly with a hint of maple syrup and the onion jam was so good, I used my finger to clean my plate!!My traditional eggs benedict with house cured ham ($10) was cooked perfectly. The english muffin was large and the ham was plentiful. A light hand was used with the hollandaise sauce but I asked Rizza for extra and 2 little cups were brought out, which tasted perfect over my shredded leeks hash browns. My friend could only eat 1/2 of her roasted turkey sandwich with gruyere, arugula and honey mustard ($10) even though the fries were nothing to write about. Luckily she is a careful eater as she found a leg bone the size of a large marble in her sandwich. We were both in a food coma and didn't really think too much about it.As Rizza cleared our plates and asked about dessert (we seriously had not saved room), I told her that everything was delicious and exceeded our expectations...except for the turkey bone we found. She was apologetic and without our request or knowledge, immediately found a manager.Ian came over and apologized profusely. He reassured us that what had happened was unacceptable and although Founding Farmers makes everything from scratch, that was no reason to let any size bone slip through. We were not angry and pleasantly surprised at his concern. He insisted on removing the sandwich from the bill even though I told him that was not necessary.We sat quietly in awe for a few moments. A really good meal turned into a great meal because two strangers have an incredibly high standard for customer service. It was an innocent mistake and although we were surprised at finding the bone, no one was upset. I made sure to personally thank Rizza and Ian again before leaving and I knew I was giving this meal a solid 5 stars. It is obviously Founding Farmers focuses on the little details of your meal to make it enjoyable...so it should not be surprising to know they also take great pains in training their staff on the importance of customer service.I can't wait to go back to try their hot dogs, prime rib, beignets, and have a second helping of their outstanding customer service!!!
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,3/21/2014,73,233,2,8,4>Finally, decent Thai food in College Park!  Aroy is a small, family-run restaurant that has a solid core menu of classic Thai curries, soups, rice dishes, and noodles.  Everything I've tried has been tasty, maybe not quite as nuanced in flavor as my favorite restaurants downtown, but still very good.  I'm especially partial to their salads, which have a spicy lime-based dressing that packs quite a punch (the seafood salad is my favorite), and to their Panang curries.  I was excited to see that they have a vegetable option for their curries, because I often feel like Thai curries lack adequate veggies.  Unfortunately, Aroy's meat-based curries are still basically veggie-less.  I have to dedicate a whole paragraph to their mango with sticky rice, which is the best Thai dessert I've had anywhere.  With the exception of one slightly under-ripe mango, every other time we've ordered this, it's been luscious and tender and creamy and delicious!  They've also let me know when their mangoes were unusable, so I could change my order to something else (the banana dessert is also tasty).  I can't believe I can get mango with sticky rice delivered to my door.  It's like I'm living in a crazy awesome dream.The restaurant is small enough that it can be full on a busy night, so we tend to do delivery or carryout.  There's usually plenty of street parking nearby - just don't forget to pay the meter, even if you're just running inside for a minute! College Park's parking enforcement is vicious.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/20/2014,81,144,9,11,7>I walked into Sardi's glass doors with a taste for grilled or blackened fish. I wanted something to coat my stomach well enough for me to engage in a fair amount of drinking on New Year's Eve but not too heavy that I'd be regretting the taste of it later as I hang miserably on the edge of a toilet bowl. And seeing as there were no real seafood places nearby, the hubby and I decided this might be the perfect night to try Sardi's. Ever since we moved to Largo, we'd heard stories of the place--and all the stories were good. As I entered the beginning of the line, I saw one of Sardi's chefs hacking at a beautifully browned bird. He sawed through bone effortlessly as the many juices splashed on to the glass partition separating customers from Sardi's staff. I looked on in awe and excitement--now completely and utterly enamored by how juicy and tasty their chicken looked. Seafood who?I ordered a 1/4 of white meat (1 breast and 1 wing) with a side of fried plantains and sauteed green beans. Watching the man pile a healthy helping of plantains in my to-go box excited me even more. This man seemed to  know me personally. Within a mere 5 minutes of meeting me, I felt like a friend who had sat at his table plenty a time before begging for just one more plantain. I rushed my hubby along eager to get home and further sink my teeth into an already delightful experience.After tasting Sardi's yesterday, I believe the slow roasting/blackening process is the driving force behind the success of their Pollo a La Brasa. Each moist morsel bursts with flavor and tenderness. This is the kind of place that restores your tastebud faith. Before yesterday, I'd considered giving up chicken all together and being a Pescatarian. Chicken, in my opinion, is so overdone and overrated. It's very rare that you find a place that applies such finesse in terms of spicing, marinating, roasting, and cutting to just chicken. And if it wasn't for those early spanish classes, I'd be tempted to think Pollo maybe wasn't chicken at all but some kind of other distant poultry cousin only found as a delicacy in Peru. Eating here gave me the distinct feeling that I'd never had chicken at all. I'd only thought I had. It's just THAT good. This place has very minimal frills. The outside gives off a sort of "hole in the wall" impression. But if you're wondering why there will more than likely be a caravan of cars coming in and out--even on weeknights--it's because the food speaks louder than anything else. It is just good, home-cooked fresh food and a lovely introduction into Peruvian cuisine. The devil is most certainly in the details here. I am actually seriously contemplating going back again today.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,3/19/2014,303,800,1,8,7>I thought about just getting the smoke beef brisket. But when the server described the Arkansas beef bbq, it was all over. That is some serious stuff. It's cubed beef brisket double marinated in their bbq sauces. And I really haven't stopped thinking about it since I ate it a few weeks ago. It is just that good. The meat is perfectly tender and with just enough fat to keep it juicy and full of meaty flavor without making you feel guilty for eating fat. The mac and cheese wasn't anything special but was alright. The collards had a little bit of a kick which certainly helped amp up their flavor along with the vinegar. The cornbread was a little dry/crumbly but honestly didn't bother me much because my focus was on the meat.I had the one meat platter and it was more than enough to fill me up. The two meat platter would have been too much.Next time, I'll try the ribs.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,3/18/2014,48,110,,16,9>I WANT TO WRITE MY ENTIRE REVIEW IN CAPS LOCK BECAUSE I'VE COME TO LOVE THIS PLACE!!!Okay, I've lived in the area for about 11 years now and I've always turned my nose up at Viet Gourmet having grown up in a traditional Vietnamese house hold... I'm super picky about my Vietnamese food and refuse to just eat anybody's cooking...Obviously by my rating that has changed, I ventured into Viet Gourmet for a business dinner and was delightfully surprised.We started off with a dish I wasn't familiar with, Bo Tai Chanh which is rare thin slices of steak in a citrus marinade (steak ceviche?) topped with fresh veggies, peanuts and more citrus. This dish was so well balanced, the beef was perfectly tenderized. Great start app along with ice cold Yeunling! For our main dish we ordered the Lau Thai (Thai Hotpot) oh my... Oh my... What a delicious piece of heaven I have been depriving myself of.... The broth is bought to the table in a pot, placed onto a table top burner that is then bought to a rapid boil... Then dishes of vermicelli noodles, sliced cabbage, thin slices of beef and a dish full of seafood (mussels, tilapia, squid, shrimp) are bought out to drop in the pot and cook right in front of you. A great SOCIAL meal!But the REAL winner of this dish is the tamarind dipping sauce... A delicate balance of tamarind, fish sauce and other secret ingredients creates a wonderful accompaniment to any seafood dish. WOW!Love, love, love, highly reccomend!P.S. also tried the Thit Kho Tho which is Caramelized pork in a clay pot, delicious as well.And the owner is very friendly!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2013,3/17/2014,92,343,3,5,4>Many say, and I agree, that the prices are a bit more than what one would want to pay. But, if you want to support a small business that does research on the quality products they supply, then this is a better option over major retail stores. While I don't buy dog food here, Two Paws Up is my go-to place for antlers for my pup as well as the more rugged toys. In addition, I highly recommend their all natural treats and snacks. In particular, Bare Bites which are great for training. Their supply of cute bandannas, collars, coats and etc. are definitely worth a trip for, too.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,3/16/2014,158,143,2,8,4>Lanvy is your girl - the meticulousness in her work ensures that your cuticles are happy and your polish is flawless. There isn't much more you can ask for when it comes to a nail salon except for it to be clean and organized, and Bella delivers on both accounts. There's a massive wall of nail polish colors to chose from and it is incredibly spacious inside. Water is also available upon request.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,3/15/2014,113,140,,8,5>This place has been on my list to visit for a while now, I just never had a chance to visit. I'm glad I finally came. Every time I pass by this place, it is always packed with people. You know a Chinese restaurant is good when it is packed with Chinese people. My sisters and I were in an experimental mood, so instead of just getting xiao long bao, we ordered a few dishes. We tried the scallion pancakes, leek dumplings, xiao long bao (soup dumplings), pork fried dumpling, and spicy wontons. The xiao long bao are the best I've had in the suburbs. The juice inside was delicious! The scallion pancakes were a little dry and unappetizing. The spicy wontons were good, but it was mostly the spicy sauce that made them yummy. The pork fried dumplings were ok and so were the leek dumplings. I think my only reason to come to Bob's Shanghai would be for the xiao long bao, but I do need to come back and try other dishes.Overall, a pretty darn good restaurant! Service wasn't bad, but we did have to remind them to fill the water cups a couple of times.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,5/26/2013,32,109,,2,2>I love the Strathmore Music Hall.  Personally, I think it's one of DC's best kept secrets when it comes to entertainment.  Everyone from the late Chuck Brown to Yo-Yo Ma has performed on the Stathmore stage and I've had to opportunity to see a lot of the performances.Is it as big as the Verizon Center?  No.  But that's the great thing about it.  There isn't a bad seat in the hall and the sound system is AWESOME!  I've had the pleasure of seating everywhere.  From the very front row to the balcony and no matter where my location, I've always been able to enjoy the show.Ticket prices are also quite reasonable for events at the Strathmore.  When I saw Yolanda Adams there, I was front row center and I only spent $75. for those tickets.  Besides the entertainment, they have a nice restaurant to enjoy a meal and a great gift shop.  Staff is always professional and quite friendly.  To top it all off, Strathmore is located right at the Grosvenor Metro (Red Line). Overall, every time I've gone to the Strathmore, I've had quite an enjoyable experience.  Do yourself a favor and catch a show there.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,5/25/2013,420,334,1,3,6>Ate here a couple years ago for the first time and fell in love. The second time, it was still wonderful. This time, I do still find the food really tasty but there were very subtle changes to the food.The lollipop chicken is still very good, and the sweet syrup gives it a nice balance. It's easy to miss though, in the nice darkly lit restaurant--so be sure to scoop it all up. It's still good proportions and high quality chicken. My husband calls it Greek bonchon chicken done right. The risotto was still lovely and a favorite, but the rice was just a touch undercooked...used to be a lot smoother and not as grainy. Scallops still wonderful though. Chicken souvlaki was good but I think it's overpriced for what it is; grilled white meat chicken. I prefer a juicier, darker meat on my kabobs, personally. Cauliflower is yummy--nice roasted flavor. Has the same flavor profile as their lolipop chicken, so if you happen to be considering both, pick one or the other. (SuGo does the same cauliflower by the way added with tomatoes; also worth checking out). The fries were much, much saltier than I remember them...it could be less salty, since the parmesan itself serves as a good salter. Finally, lamb chops disappointed me. The flavor and fries under it were still spot on, but nearly half of both shanks were full of fat...that didn't happen in the past. So really, we only got two full bites out of it!Same great service and FAST food (we only waited 2 minutes for our first dish to come out and another 2 between each) that is fresh and piping hot, but the detail of quality has declined a TOUCH if you have been a constant Cava supporter.PS: You can now RSVP on Sundays
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/22/2013,167,129,3,6,3>It is truly a treat to have a restaurant like this in the neighborhood. The service is great and the food is even better. My favorites were the guacamole, meatballs, and potatoes. The servings are actually very healthy and they taste is superb. After eating, my partner and I gave each other high fives and hugged because we were so happy to be there. They have all you can eat brunch on Saturdays and Sundays. They also have a great happy hour option AND a lunch special!I can't stop gushing about this place. I kinda wanna go back tomorrow.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,5/21/2013,51,330,2,3,3>I love Blacks. Its a nice foofy white table cloth lunch spot, great happy hour and nice Bethesda 'finer' dining spot. Now that I'm a "mom", I have other priorities.... like baby changing stations.go figure.The oysters were fab. White wine crisp. Service was spot on. But when baby girl had a blow out diaper... no changing spot. Sorry, Blacks.  The nice little table in the bathroom that hosts a candle and fine linens was converted into a baby changing station.... a mom has to do what she has to do.Moms like their afternoon Sauv blanc while meeting up with friends, so consider adding some plastic baby gear to your ladies room.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,5/20/2013,75,201,5,6,3>Me and D.Dante have had some good times: traveling halfway across the country, visiting friends and family, enjoying rowdy weekends of shenaniganary. We've also had a few bad times like the time he broke down in Richmond, VA and some dirty unscrupulous mechanics who knew I was at their mercy and who didn't really know what they were doing caused further damage to the poor Honda Accord.Ever since that dreadful day in that horrid city of Richmond he hasn't been the same. But alas, even if that situation didn't happen D.Dante would still be in his vehicular twightlight years, well over a decade and the many many miles, dents, paint chips and other marks to show it. I was faced with a decision: hold on to him and shell out money for all the repairs, or become one of the many carless DC-Metro residents for a while.  I opted for the latterSo, this carmax is really on the edge of rockville and not totally in gaithersburg and it's right next to the shady grove metro stop. Depending if you're selling or buying that does make a difference because then you're not trying to secure to or from there.The process was very painless from my perspective. Came in, headed towards a desk, was directed to an employee who walked me through the process, showed him my car, was directed to the waiting room, got the report on what they were willing to give me for my car, then went to the signing room to seal the deal.All in all, it took a little over an hour. Really not as bad as what I thought.Also, I couldn't find my car title but since I was registered in MD they were able to pull it up for me (for a fee, of course). But that was no matter. They gave me much more than what I thought I would get for my car for it's age, transmission problems, and mileage so I walked out a satisfied customer.If you have a car in awesome condition and have some time, it may be worth it to consider private sale as well as this option, but if you're crushed on time, money, or know you won't be able to put forth the time/effort to set up and complete a private sale, car max may be worth considering.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,5/19/2013,243,313,2,5,2>I had a moment today.Yes, it is snowing outside.Yes, all schools and government was closed today.Yes, I NEEDED A DAMN HAIRCUT.It could not be avoided. I had waited almost a year. My hair was beginning to crunch on the ends. Literally, CRUNCH NOISES were coming from my hair on a day to day basis. It could be from the constant hair curling, hair biting, hair twirling...but WHATever. my hair was gross. what else is there to do on a snow day when you are going batsh*t crazy from being inside?? I called around, most places were closed.then I called KG. which might I add, is so NOT a name I would associate with a kick as$ hair salon! Kelly answered the phone, and scheduled me asap for an hour after we hung up. YAY!!! I was about to cut my hair!!! I was super excited, especially after reading her rave reviews....and ALSO might I add, YELP has decided to filter out MANY positive reviews for this place, i dont know WHY, they all seem legit to meAnyways, i got here at 12:30, and Kelly worked her magic! My hair is smooth, silky, and FRIKKIN AWESOME. it took a little over an hour, and it flew by VERY fast.details:parking is behind the building, off of woodmont ave. go inside the mall area, salon is on your right. they DO take credit cards (all but amex) cost will run you for kelly $70, I dont know if  the other stylists are more or less expensive. anyways, i have her down in my calender to come back at the first of June, because I have JUST found my new "regular" hair stylist. BESOS KELLY!! You are amazing :)
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/18/2013,153,500,5,4,3>Dear Sugo-I liked you when you opened, maybe my expectations may have been too high & the restaurant was too new, but our relationship has definitely grown to an absolute love-obsession.I can't stop visiting with friends and family.  I have heard nothing but rave reviews from some of my most picky family and friends, whom I visit here with, that fall in love with at least one thing at your place, whether that be the hanger steak, brussel sprouts, nutella cheesecake, or even the complimentary hot-fresh bread & soft-sweet butter you provide.  They always "ooh and aah" when I order my Sugo Magica Martini.  Best of all, we always leave happy and very full; I might just have to start coming here in stretchy-pants, thanks alot.Thank you for making my life complete.Sincerely,Cynthia
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,5/17/2013,105,30,4,13,5>I'm going to have to start with a disclaimer: I haven't eaten a lot of African food, so this review is from a novice in this genre of dining.Disclaimers out of the way, the food here was fantastic!! We stopped here while in the area - absolutely famished! We meant to try the highly yelped about Burmese place across the street but they were closed and we could literally smell the deliciousness coming from the Roger Miller restaurant so decided to give it a shot - and how lucky we were that things turned out the way it did because normally from the outside, it looks a little sketchy, the name sounds like it should be a pancake house and there was literally nobody in there.Ambience is nothing to yelp about but there is an outside patio that I look forward to frequenting in the spring. The prices were extremely reasonable so we were surprised when the food turned out to be as good as it was!I had the egussi goat stew. Egussi is a stew made out of ground melon seeds. When the waiter recommended it, I wasn't quite sure what to expect but it was amazing and so different! I've never had goat so expertly prepared - tender without a hint of gamey-ness. The egussi part of it was this very light tomato based stew and the melon seeds gave it a distinct taste that I have no other point of reference to compare to - except to say it was so good I literally licked my plate.  My husband had the mixed grill with fufu and he really enjoyed his as well. We were both full, fat, and happy for less than $20 for both of us. When we told the server how much we enjoyed the food, the chef came out to meet us and hug us!Yes, the food did not come out lightning fast, but it's worth the wait and grinding melon seeds must take time!! I'm surprised this place doesn't have a higher rating - maybe because its on a sketchy street with a pancake house name, but the food is exceptional and I'm sure as more yelpers venture here, the ratings will increase.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2013,5/15/2013,17,52,,2,3>The dim sum here is AMAZING!  It's a once in a lifetime experience they offer short of being in chinatown.  The crowdiness, pushing, moderately rude hosts, and somewhat clean tables are part of the authenticity and well worth the tastiness of their dim sum items.  They really are cramming as many people as possible asking people who would share tables... and you're hoping they don't seat you in the no man's land section of tables near the entrance.  People also will hunt down a specific cart cause they'll know the items will get sold out by the time the cart circles around to them.  The wu tao jiao (fried taro balls) and dou hua (sweet tofu dessert) are so good.  It's best to go 20min early to wait in line and be in the first wave of customers.  Nevertheless it's the best dim sum in Maryland and well worth the experience.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,5/14/2013,44,53,,3,2>This place is a Szechuan food MECCA!My boyfriend and I go here at least once a week for their combination Lo Mein and either the spicy pepper chicken or this crispy beed that is super spicy and served over a bed of mixed vegetables and chili peppers.  He likes his with the numbing spice while I like mine a little less spicy.They definitely have A LOT of flavor options.  They even feature an American Chinese food type menu that isn't as spicy as the rest of the menu, however in my opinion Joe's Noodle House is MEANT to be eaten spicy!The staff there is very friendly and helpful when we're choosing our entrees.  They even know us by face and usually know exactly what we want to order!  It can be pricy..we usually spend about $26 for two dinner dishes, however they have lunch specials if you go earlier and they also have a VIP card where you can get a stamp every time you spend $20 or over and pay cash!  After you spend about $200 you get $20 off, which is basically a free family-sized meal!The restaurant is family style, which means that for dinner entrees all dishes are served on huge plates that everyone can share.I've never had a bad experience here and I thoroughly enjoy everything I've eaten so far!  Absolutely delicious!  True authentic Szechuan food!
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,7/23/2013,24,115,2,15,8>The AFI clearly does not need another 5 star review.  But it's going to get it, just in case it's not perfectly obvious that this is the best movie theater you will ever go to.Let me be clear:  I am a movie theater hater.  Movie theaters cost way too much, and charge stadium-like prices for concessions because they hold their customers captive.  That makes me mad.  And that they never seem to figure out how to handle long lines, despite having blockbusters every few months, just grinds my gears.  And oh yeah, they only show big budget crap...which I'm not against, but there's more to life than comic book characters and gritty reboots of tired narratives.Enter the AFI.  Compared to those megaplex monstrosities, the AFI is an oasis, a sanctuary, a Xanadu.  It was designed and built for people who love movies and the experience of going to the theater, but who also have good taste and class.  To put it bluntly, it's the side of the tracks I want to be on.First of all, the movies they show are incredibly thoughtful and interesting.  They have all kinds of series and festivals that give you lots of exposure to great film from all countries and eras.  That means that if you know what you like, you can find more of it, but if you want to explore, you can trust their suggestions.  Perfect.But also the actual theater is wonderful.  The food and drinks are as thoughtful as the movies, and you can even have beer and wine--in fact, their beer selection is phenomenal.  Mind you, this is a movie theater.  Your expectation should be sticky floors and Sour Patch Kids.  But which would you rather have while watching a great movie, a 64-ounce neon blue slurpee or a Fin du Monde?They also have special events that are truly awesome.  They'll have directors or producers come and talk about a film before or after showing it, which is a really cool experience.  Again, compare that to your local megaplex, which uses the first 30 minutes of every movie to try to sell you Hollywood garbage.It should be clear now why the AFI doesn't even call itself a movie theater.  It's not.  It's the perfection of movie theaters, and thus cannot be called a movie theater at all, because there is no comparison to any other experience you've had with movie theaters.  We're talking night and day here, people.  You just have to try it for yourself.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,7/22/2013,22,182,,4,1>After a gym session we came here to try this establishment since the yelp rating was so high. Overall, I feel that it was a good experience but definitely not a 5 star experience as many of these yelp ratings suggest. 5 stars should truly be reserved for very special restaurants, not just "good" restaurants. I ordered the carne asada, my girlfriend had the lomo saltado, we shared camarones a la plancha, tres leches, and plantain empanadas. The flavor of the carne asada was satisfactory, however the beef itself was a bit sinewy resulting in a laborious effort with my knife. The jasmine rice that came with it was done well. My girlfriend enjoyed the lomo saltado which I got to taste a few bites of, and there was nothing wrong with it. Again, the beef in this instance was a bit tough in my opinion. The grilled (butterflied) shrimp dish was satisfactory as well, no complaints here. The deciding factor as far as this rating is concerned was the dessert: tres leches. What a great cake; the sponge layers of the cake were perfectly over-saturated with milk, while sitting in a pool of condensed milk and topped off with cream and a dusting of powdered cocoa. An overall great mouth-feel and a dessert I would gladly order again. The plantain empanadas were just "ok".
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,7/21/2013,214,177,6,9,6>I will begin by saying I eat a lot of Vietnamese food.  Saigonese is probably one of the only Viet places I eat in the Wheaton / Silver Spring area.  I have probably tried just about everything there!  The imperial rolls are crisp to perfection!  I love that they are super crunchy and the filling in the rolls are super flavorful. (I'm really picky when it comes to spring rolls, and these are my fave!)  Beef wrapped in grape leaves are great too.  The meat is super juicy and tasty, and the grape leaves have a great texture as well.  The Banh Mi is always good, the bf & I usually get combination and pork.  Since we cant pick which one we want, we tear them in half and share.  I am a fan of the caramelized pork, bun bo hue, vermicelli bowls, and canh chua. (woops, that's almost everything...) Oh!  A huge plus is that you can request brown rice! Yay!  I am definitely a fan of Saigonese Restaurant and will always come back!  Side note:  I almost forgot (I don't know how) but yeah, iced coffee is always on point!Edit 8/30/13-- I can't believe I forgot to add how great the service is.  The waiters are knowledgeable on all of the dishes and can make great recommendations and are very quick to take care of whatever you need.  I always have a very pleasant experience going to Saigonese Restaurant.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,7/17/2013,37,260,3,6,2>I feel as though I am biased in writing this review because their prices are so darn good!  It's difficult to find flaws with ~$3 rolls that are delivered to your door.  I fully intend to order from them again (and again) because I love how easy they have made it for me to eat sushi.  We tried a few different rolls - mostly salmons (skin, spicy, etc) and the crush on you (clearly a yelp favorite).  All of them were pretty good!Online ordering?  Sushi whenever I want?  For great prices?  I'm sold.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,7/16/2013,80,121,,7,3>I've been meaning to update my review for a while, as I've been back here twice since their soft opening... BIG improvement.  The wings are much more consistent and "normal" sized (at least my last 2 times).  Service has been great- everyone's friendly and accommodating.  We've had the same waiter all 3 times, and he's definitely gotten the hang of things since my first visit.I've tried a few other things on their menu... I wasn't a huge fan of the beer squid, but I'd recommend trying the fried calamari. it's different from the what you'd get at an American restaurant, and it's quite tasty.  Last but definitely not least, they've brought SOJU COCKTAILS here!  I was sooo happy to see it on their menu. They have lychee, white peach, mango, yogurt, and strawberry.  Don't expect anything strong, but they're wonderfully refreshing and sweet (but not syrupy sweet).Overall, I'm happy to have a good BonChon (with soju cocktails! and nice service) nearby.  No need to trek up to NYC ktown for my fix anymore.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/15/2013,142,262,2,7,3>Quick low down...Why 4 stars?? EASY...1) Its close2) Its cheap3) Portions are GINORMOUS (yes- that IS a word)4)  Food is GREAT!5) Its fastGo for the grilled chicken Greek salad. You will NOT be sorry! Haven't' had a bad meal here yet and I keep on going!
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,7/14/2013,53,79,5,3,2>Ah, the benefits of a yelp phone app! I'm in the Wheaton/Kensington area hitting up consignment and thrift shops, I'm hungry and want something on the healthier side so I won't undo all my hard work in the gym. I decide on a falafel but I'm nowhere near Amsterdam Falafel in Adams Morgan. Yelp to the rescue! In just a few clicks and a short drive, I find myself in the back lot of Max's. Here's the play by play....I walk in and think that the place is a bit grungy and could use a good cleaning and some brighter decor.I head over to the counter to order because I knew exactly what to do thanks to Yelp! I order a half falafel (3 balls and a half pita) for my now vegetarian daughter and I decide, because of the reviews to try the chicken shwarma. I think I spelled that wrong. Oh well. Go over to the prep area and the pita master is busy speaking to a woman that he is making four different Pita 'sandwiches' for. It takes FOREVER! Should I stay or should I go? I stay.My turn. Master cuts pita in half. My face drops. "Why is it so small? Is that all I get." The master informs me that I can do back to the ordering counter and pay the difference for a full size for both. I walk back and when I realize I'm going to pay almost 15 bucks, I almost just ask for a refund. Voice in my head says, 'remember the reviews, don't walk away. You're here so just try it.'  I pay and stay. (Am I rambling? It's late)Turn back to prep master and three others have now lined up. Noooooooo! Do I have to wait in line again? I'm so hungry. I'm then told by the order taker guy that I can head to the front and I do!Love how they put the piece they slice off the top of the pita in the bottom of the pita to catch the extra juices. Genius! I pick a few items like the red cabbage, onions and cucumbers, some pickled veggies and then tell him to work his magic and make it however he pleases. I defer to the expert.  My daughter does the same for hers and we both tell him to make it spicy. He does.Run to the car, rip open paper and stuff my face . Pause to take a picture and keep eating.What's that you say? Enough already? Tell you about the food? Ok, don't get your granny panties in a bunch.Gooooooaaaaaaallllllll!  Fireworks going off in my mouth and I was happy! He layered everything perfectly! The vegetables were perfect and everything he put in there was fresh and perfectly executed. He even put a falafel on top of my shwarma. I can't believe I'm saying this, but I liked it better than AF in Adams Morgan.You mean I don't have to make a special trip to DC. to get a falafel? I know, I know, I didn't get the falafel but mine tasted just like my daughters and I would just go with falafel next time because I really couldn't taste the meat. It was was more a contrast in texture. I would even just ask them to stuff a pita full of veggies and fixings from the 'bar.' I didn't give it five stars because I walked in wanted to grab a bucket of bleach and because the wait was long because of all the initial chit chat with the lady friend.  I also would like to try some other items like the matzo ball soup. I also thought that the price was a little high. Or maybe my budget was extra tight that day.So I said all that to say, go here! It's delish and every bite deserves an eye roll!  Now if they could get AF's recipe for fries and garlic cream sauce, I would have been in falafel/shwarma heaven. Wheaton, full of hidden gems!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2013,7/13/2013,9,50,3,5,2>So glad to see the previous place (manattan pizza, see my review) go and be replaced by this incredible NY-style pizza joint.  The place is really clean.The pizza is fantastic.  It's greasy, fold-in-half, super delicious, NY-style goodness.  If you're not into the "greasy" part, they have plenty of healthier pizza varieities.  Also, the crust is top-notch.  99% of the time, I discard crust, but this I always chow down on.    The garlic knots are mind-numbing.  If you love garlic, you're gonna flip your lid. If you don't like garlic, start.  I think about this food randomly throughout the day.  I'm a huge fan.5/27 Edit: Let me be more specific if you're looking for NY-style pizza. The only pie I care to get from here is the Paulie's, which is thin NY-style crust with pepperoni and minced garlic on top. I highly recommend it, especially for dine-in.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/12/2013,137,178,5,5,3>The CRAB BOMB is the best crab cake I've ever had...in my life!!!  This coming from a native Marylander!   It's a softball size crab cake that can be fried or broiled and has NO filler...just scrumptious crab throughout.  The only issue I have with Jerry's is the price.  It will set you back $34 smackeroos to get your paws around this crab cake.  I mean, it's literally THE BOMB CRAB BOMB, but dag...$34 though?  Don't get me wrong, having a crab cake that doesn't have a pound of filler or shells in it is worth it's weight in gold, but still not sure that weight should cost $34.  I'm just saying! It's not a place you would want to go to on a regular basis or with a group because you would be broke.  The side dishes are rather unmemorable and I couldn't tell you anything about any of the other menu items because all I ever get when I come here, is the Crab Bomb.  Actually, I'm not even sure if they have other entrees at Jerry's...I have tunnel vision for the Crab Bomb! LOL This is the original location and the decor is pretty straight to the point.  No frills.  Don't worry, they saved the frills, chills and thrills for the Crab Bomb!  Give it a try and attempt to say it's not the best crab cake you've ever had.  Go on...I dare you!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,7/10/2013,0,6,,5,1>Amidst all the planning for my wife's birthday, on the day of I realized I hadn't ordered a cake. So while I was ready to order a standard/generic birthday cake at any bakery, I decided to grasp and see if there were any local bakeries that could pull it off for me. Les Delices was the first one I called based on the yelp reviews. They were able to recommend different types of cakes and the right size for the amount of people that were to attend. At the end I decided to go with the Tres Leche cake and they were able to accommodate my order and have it ready for pick up at 3pm! The price was reasonable and the lady who rang me up was very friendly. The cake ended up being a huge hit with everyone who attended. Thanks, Les Delices, for coming to the rescue. The one thing I'd probably call out as a "tip" is that they don't sell birthday candles, so you'd probably have to go somewhere else for that. But otherwise, I definitely plan on coming here again!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,11/14/2012,794,1145,4,12,9>Why have I never been here before when I live less than three miles away?  Nick's is what a diner should be:  Cheap food like Mom use to make and  service with a smile.I had the two slices of French toast for just under $4.00.  It wasn't anything fancy.  No Challah.  No brioche.  Just plain old sandwich bread fried in an egg batter served with maple syrup and a shaker of powdered sugar.  My friend had her eggs over medium (cooked perfectly) with a side of home fries and 4 slices of crispy bacon.  Milk for your tea and/or coffee over the nondairy creamers is always a bonus for me.Everything was perfect.  Unlike a certain diner (Osman and Joe's) we weren't rushed.  However, there is a counter to dine at and ample tables. It wasn't packed on a Friday morning.This is a great place to eat if you want home cooking and friendly service.  They have a decent sized parking lot with access off University Blvd, not Veirs Mill Rd. You may have to make a few turn arounds to get to it, but it is totally worth it.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,11/13/2012,53,239,4,6,5>I feel like a review for an exterminator should be tucked away in a quiet, dark corner of Yelp, but I was so impressed with this company I shall forge ahead in the new format anyway.  A year or so ago I put up a bird feeder in my yard where I could see it from my kitchen window.  I loved watching the birds, especially the colorful Cardinals.  But we have lots of trees and shrubs in our yard and we are half a block from the woods and eventually some "undesirable guests" started coming by to eat the bird seed that spilled on the ground.   I was in denial for a while that "these rodents" could be in my yard.  This morning though I couldn't try to ignore the problem anymore and got a recommendation for an exterminator.  I called Kolley's and the pleasant woman who answered explained to me what they would need to do and the cost.  The price for an initial visit and weekly follow-up for 30 days was very reasonable.  She said she would see if she could get me an appointment for that afternoon.  There was one available and she gave me the timeframe.  About a half an hour later the phone rang and our service technician asked if he could come by early, in about 10 minutes.  Yes, of course--we don't have to sit and wait all afternoon!  Our technician listened to our problem and looked around our yard, then reassured us that our "undesirable guests" were almost certainly not also in the house as we would have noticed evidence of their presence.  Oh, thank you, thank you.  He was very careful about where he placed baits in the yard as we have dogs and also our grand-daughter is a frequent visitor.  He comes back for the next few weeks to check everything and do what he needs to do (don't ask cause I'm not sure and really don't want to know).  Oh, and added plus, he didn't try to sell me a bunch of other inspections and contracts and scare tactics!
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,11/12/2012,73,233,4,11,5>Though I've lived in the DC area for a couple of decades, I'm a Southern gal at heart.  And although Maryland is technically below the Mason-Dixon line... I've never found any truly exceptional soul food in the region.  (And you know you're not really in the South when most restaurants don't have real sweet tea, and the grocery store only carries two types of grits.)  I'd passed this place many times, and hadn't thought much of it - seafood restaurants in Maryland are a dime a dozen, and most are overpriced and underwhelming.  So when we tried Mid-Atlantic on a whim, we were VERY pleasantly surprised to find the best seafood and soul food we've had in the area!The restaurant itself is dated and a bit kitschy - it's a converted fast food joint with a boarded-up drive-thru,and they've covered their tables with pleather.  But I don't rate a restaurant on ambience (and the kitsch is sort of adorable), I rate it on deliciousness (check!), cleanliness (check!), good value (check!), and service (check!).  This place is a hidden gem.The menu is overwhelming - dozens and dozens of options for seafood, BBQ, soul food, and more.  Most of the menu items can be ordered alone or as a dinner with sides.  The sides are also numerous.  Seriously, it almost took us longer to peruse the menu and make a decision than it did to eat the food!  I took home a paper menu so I can be prepared next time (though the specials and fish options change regularly).In the end, we got the fried clam dinner with fried okra and mac 'n' cheese, and a seafood dinner with fried whiting, fried oysters, fried scallops, kale, and black-eyed peas.  (If you can't tell, they have a lot of fried food... and they do a great job on it.)  Everything was delicious - the fried seafood was all excellent, each type with a different breading that worked well with the flavors and textures.  The fried okra was the best I've had in a long time.  The mac 'n' cheese was incredibly creamy and not the weird greasy, rubbery stuff that so many restaurants serve.  Surprisingly, the highlight was probably the kale - slow-cooked with onions and broth, very tender and flavorful.  Best.  Kale.  Ever.  And the best part?  All of that came to $25, and we took home enough leftovers that I ate them today for lunch!  Three meals for $25, especially with well-prepared seafood... this is a bargain.  I'm going to have to resist becoming a regular!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2012,11/11/2012,20,66,2,5,5>My favorite bar in Silver Spring (barely taking out 8407 Kitchen Bar and Quarry House). The Sidebar has a low key hipster vibe for sure. Free billiards on the one table is ingenious. It's fun and kept us there longer. We didn't get hassled once despite playing like 10 games. It feels like a great DC Bar without some of the stuffynees and with cheaper prices. The beer list is solid and mixed drinks (like at Jackies restaurant next door) are creative strong and well executed. The doctored up hot dog (Coney dog?) is delicious with a crisp pickle laid inside. In fact all of the food we had there has been excellent. 5+ stars
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2012,11/10/2012,386,693,9,5,6>T is for totally awesomeO is for ohmygodit'ssoawesomeR is for really? Are you really gonna get a...Taco when you can get a torta?A is for akay, did I get your attention yet? (eh...)As of today, out of 72 reviews, only 6 of them mention the tortas! Are you serious?? Sure, their tacos are great! But what sets this place apart from almost any other place in this entire area is their torta.What is a torta? A torta is a sandwich that you must get! It has beautifully soft buns with the perfect balance of sweet, salty, crunchy, chewy, etc. You will be the envy of all of your boring taco-eating friends.GET THE TORTA. You will understand. Let's make the torta the next food craze of the DC area! Because it will be.TOORRRTTAAA!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2012,11/9/2012,136,1232,17,3,3>I agree with the other reviews.  This is a great place for your standard mani-pedi place.  $37 for the standard mani-pedi is a great deal.  The nail technician did a great job caring for me and trimmed my nails for my manicure perfectly.  This place won me over!  And this place is HUGE!  No wonder they have to number the pedicure chairs and manicure stations - you won't be able to find anything otherwise.  I also think it's cute they have little pedicure chairs for kids.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,11/8/2012,237,360,6,11,10>For out-of-Frederick folks who are not up-to-date with the Frederick food scene, this is Bryan Voltaggio's sandwich shop.  Enough said.If you are in Frederick and want a sandwich, you got few choices:AKA Friscos (4* yelp average)Panera (4* yelp average)McDs, BK, Subway etc.So...considering this list, it seems intuitive where an out-of-towner would go given the information and freedom of choice.  As a matter of fact, unless there are circumstances beyond your control, I cannot see a reason why an out-of-towner WOULDN'T go here for a sandwich.It's $5.5-$6 a sandwich, no premium attached for the Voltaggio name, and it's pretty good. The sandwiches are toasted and compressed on an Electrolux toaster which makes the bread quite chewy.  There seems to be a recent trend of using such "press toasters" by many celebrity chefs (like Rick Bayless's Tortas Frontera).  As I recall, the ingredients are very fresh and most likely from local sources. If you factor in just the price and the fresh, local ingredients that lunchbox uses, it's hard to complain. I've seen tons of reviews expressing disappointment at lunchbox. Newsflash.This is not Volt and never will be.  You can't expect $100+ meals for $6.  Tamper your expectations and expect an above average sandwich and you'll be pleasantly surprised.Rating: Slightly less than 4*.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,11/7/2012,614,994,43,39,27>After 983287432 attempts to do Bingo (I swear Alicia G always plans her bingo runs on the one night that I can't go)...I was able to finally make it.  And OMG IT WAS SO AMAZEBALLS I CAN'T EVEN!!!!!!!!!!!!But Delta Bingo is fraught with bingo-tastic danger as well - so here are my lessons learned:1) If you want the 8pm game (and, believe me, you do), get there by 7:30 at the latest.  It'll take you a good 15 minutes to figure out what the hell is going on.2) If you are going with large party (more then 4 people), be prepared to split up. But don't worry, you're not losing out on anything, because THERE IS NO TALKING IN BINGO.  It's quieter than a library.  Seriously.3) When you go up to the counter to buy your sheets - DO NOT ASK THE GUY WHAT TO BUY.  You will end up like us, and have a 18 sheeter, and nearly have a heart attack to keep up.  This is what you say (REPEAT AFTER ME): "I want the 9.  And yes, give me 2 of the Jackpot".  I know this means nothing to you - don't worry, it'll make sense in a minute.4) Go up to the snack bar to get the daublers.  Do not buy the cheap $1 mini ones.  Invest in that $2 and get the large daubler.  it'll make life simpler.5) After you find your seat, turn to your neighbors and be nice.  If you let them you're a noob, they may even help your butt out.  Do not interrupt them between calls...because they can, and will, cut a bitch up.6) Wait until 8.  During this time, look around the room.  Notice the boards with the numbers.  Get into the swing of things.  Looking adorably clueless will get sympathy from your neighbors (who will then help you out...but again, DON'T interrupt their play.  They *WILL* cut you...and I will back them up).7) Once the 8pm game starts, pretend it's the SATs.  Remember those?  Daublers up!  FOCUS!  Ignore distractions!  DAUB YOUR LITTLE HEART OUT!  This is is what seperates the ivy league from the community college! DAUB DAMMIT!  DAUB!8) At this point, you can now thank me.  Because the "9" means you only have nine "boards" to contend with during each game.  Yes, I know you're sitting there going...wait...9 boards?  That's ludicris! I can manage 30 boards! No.  NO YOU CAN'T!  We got the biggest board and nearly passed out from the stress.  Our neighbors ended up helping us daub...because we just couldn't keep up!9) Pay attention.  Some games mean that you use the same board for both games. If in doubt, watch what your neighbors do.10) After the game (and the 8pm game runs until 10), go up to the customer service desk next to the men's bathroom, and get a membership card.  It's free, but it'll make you feel like a high roller, even if you didn't win.The best part of Bingo?  That was 2.5 hours of entertainment...and it cost less then $20.  *I KNOW*.  OMG SO CRAZY FUN!  Side bonus?  If you're going on a first date, recommend this place.  You won't have to talk a lot (so no awkward conversations), and if he wins and shares the pot with you, you know he's a keeper.  Heh.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2012,11/6/2012,405,121,11,17,10>I usually don't write reviews for places that have numerous reviews...  what's the point?  You read the 5,3, 2-star reviews and form your own opinion, right?In this case...  that would be wrong.Here's why:There were a LOT of problems w/this restaurant early on (and it's only been open for 6 weeks).   You can read the reviews that slammed this place and I'm sure that they were valid AT THAT TIME....Fortunately,  the good thing about  t-i-m-e  is that it moves on....Thusly, (hey, I got away w/that! cool!  thought my spell-check would flag it)As I was saying, even though there are still some "kinks" that need to be worked out, the overall experience, for me, was 5-star.The wait staff was more attentive that some of the Ritz Carlton hotel staff I've seen.... and that is saying something!The food was probably 3.5 stars: some good, some not so much.Chicken hearts: 5-starsgizzard: 3.5  good but really small!Shabu:  not at all the way it's supposed to be;  the first batch literally was WATER that maybe had 10% chicken broth (and that's a GENEROUS estimate).  Complained to the mgr William La and after his 'pro forma' defense of the chef, said he would go talk to him.  Came back with REAL chicken broth (100% improvement) and comped free drinks for the hassle.  First batch 1-star, 2nd batch 4-starKona Fire Rock Pale Ale: the is the first (and only) restaurant in Montgomery County to have this Japanese IPA on draft:  in a word: DELICIOUS!!  (5-stars)beef (for Shabu): 4-star (requested fat-trimmed and when ordered 2nd helping later, they automatically trimmed the fat)clam soup: 2-star (the broth wasn't "right" but after complaining about the Shabu and getting free drinks, didn't want to make an issue over this)Service & overall experience: 5-star!  Unbelievably polite and attentive wait staff!As you can see, while the food is hit-or-miss, the wait staff was sooooooo freakin attentive, it made up for the problems.I noticed that the pretty girl, Noel (?), who used to greet customers at the door was gone and when I asked what happened to her, Will (Mgr) said: "we couldn't afford her."  MY experience was (overall) 5-star due to the effort they put into CORRECTING their mistakes.  I've been to Michelin 3-star restaurants in Paris that made mistakes, corrected them, but didn't offer comped drinks!  Here's hoping the yelpers who had a bad 1st experience, come back for a good one.  If William La is there, I guarantee he'll make things "right"! Who know, if they get enough good "yelp," they might even be able to afford to bring back that pretty girl at the front door...lol  :-)))
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2013,2/19/2014,142,262,1,9,5>After reading the very first review on this place, I was really skeptical but after walking by the place looked very clean, spacious, inviting and there was a huge selection of polishes. Okay okay the $27.99 mani/pedi grand opening special also lured me in.  I gave this place a try despite a scary review hence why I have a Maverick badge.I had a good experience there. I was taken right away with no appointment. I found the staff there to be professional, attentive and competent. She asked me my preference every step of the way i.e., cut or file? nail length adequate? razor or pumice stone? etc. She also gave a nice foot massage. I'm not talking about a quick rub I mean a thorough foot rub. The massage chair was a dream--probably because its brand new but I really didn't want to get out of the chair.All and all for $27.99 I was very pleased.  I parked on the street but there's also a lot that makes accessing this place convenient. I say try this place for yourself. I am happy I did and my nails look great!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,2/18/2014,614,994,8,11,6>It's a little known fact, but my brother subsided on dumplings and Snickers for 3 years while in HS. It was also when he was at his thinnest.  I think we should come up with a new diet fad and become rich.But I digress.My brother and I are huge dumpling fanatics, and we love love love Mama Dumpling (oops, I mean "China Bistro"), however there is always such a long wait, and sometimes, they are sold out.  So imagine our delight when East Dumpling House opened up!!!OK - the space is tiny, and parking is sucky.  But if you let small tables and lack of parking keep you from eating delicious dumplings, than I don't think I want to know you.When they first opened up, there were over 30+ types of dumplings.  Since then, they have streamlined their menu down to 15 - 20 dumplings, which makes getting your order faster, and they've kept all of the really great dumplings, including the lamb and carrot dumpling.Taste-wise, it's great!  The dumplings are plump and the flavors are great!  I love that they make all the dumplings fresh to order (this is why there tends to be a line/wait), and the other items on the menu are great (just don't ask me what they are, because I am fixated on the dumplings).********************Now, normally, I'm not a fan of comparing two similar restaurants against each other, as I think each have their own charms and style.  However, as East Dumpling House is so close to Mama Dumpling ("China Bistro") and both of their speciality (and main draw) are their dumplings, I'll do a quick comparison:Mama Dumpling dumplings are a little more expensive (by $1 per plate), BUT their dumplings are also bigger than East Dumpling House. So you are getting what you're paying for.East Dumpling House has more varieties of dumpling, including fish and lamb; however Mama Dumplings will do random "special"/off-menu dumplings, which is a nice change up.Both places have terrible parking, but like I said, if you let something as simple as parking (just park across the street for goodness sake) deter you from eating, than you deserve to be hungry.The service is about the same at both locations, but I will say that the cashiers at East Dumpling House tend to growl at me less.  Not that it matters.  Like I keep saying, I'm not here to make friends.  I'm here to EAT.The flavors differ slightly; Mama D's is more umami...but East D has better sauces to balance that.My brother tends to like Mama Dumpling more, my husband likes East Dumpling better.  Me?  I don't really care.  Honestly, I'm just so glad that I don't have to make or cook my own dumplings that I'll take either one.  Both are delicious, there really is no loser.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,2/17/2014,69,495,,11,4>I don't understand everyone's complaints on here... it's just like the other ones to me, lol. If you want your food cooked a certain way, tell them. They're at your table cooking!Anyway, galbi here is still my favorite around. The hot bibimbap is just the way I like it and I still love me some sour kimchi. Everything else I eat here is usually because of people I go with. Since they're new, they still have the odeng and complementary soup & steamed eggs. We'll see if it lasts. The coffee from the coffee machine is on point too.Recommendation: You might want to tell the person cooking your food to leave every once in a while. They are too attentive. It's awkward talking in front of them at times...
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,2/16/2014,813,255,4,14,8>Stopped in about a week after they opened, and had a very good time.  There's a bar area with a couple of TVs, if that's your preference.  And the dining room is spacious enough and set up in a way that you can be away from the bar, if that's more your style.The first thing most people will notice when they walk in is the big pizza oven roaring away.  The first thing I noticed was that all of the tables have plugs to charge your devices, and they offer free Wi-Fi. Once you're seated, the first thing that arrives is a basket of little rolls accompanied by olive oil seasoned with crushed red pepper. It doesn't add any heat that will scare people off, it just gives it a nice little bite.  Next stop was the couple of minestrone.  Lots of vegetables, in a thick puréed broth.  The portion was small, and could have used more seasoning.For dinner I went with the meatball ciabatta, their take on the classic meatball sub.  This was different than any meatball sandwich I have ever had, but in a good way.  First, the meatballs had a smooth creamy texture and were delicious.  Although it was served warm, the bread maintained a softness to it that I really enjoy.  And the most interesting aspect was the basil garnish.  It was sprinkled on and shredded form, almost like iceberg lettuce on a cold sub.  But the flavor and texture combination that it added was perfect.  When I first looked at it, I was a bit wary.  But it was great.  And the sautéed red potatoes they came with that might have been the best part of the entire meal.The dessert menu made me laugh.  There is a description of all of the dishes along with a tiny picture of the size of a thumbnail.  My first instinct was to take my thumb and forefinger and try to enlarge the image.  After some serious squinting, I went with the cioccofondente.  It's basically a cold parfait, layered with mascarpone and chocolate.  It's served with a side of melted chocolate, and it tastes exactly as you would expect...full of creamy, chocolatey goodness.I would be remiss if I didn't mention my server, Wilber.  He started the night by introducing himself and asking my name.  Anytime he stopped by to bring food or drinks, or to check on me, he always addressed me by name.  Some people may not care for that, but I thought it was a nice touch.  And if there was anything I needed, he already had it on the table before I asked or was right there to provide it.I'm looking forward to going back and trying the pizzas and pastas.  The pizzas coming out of the oven looked great, and Megan H.'s pictures of the pastas look equally amazing...especially when topped with a fried egg.Definitely looking forward to a return visit!
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2013,2/14/2014,205,327,2,7,6>This is my new favorite spot for sports and grub. For a few reasons: First, the great Sunday football food deals - lots of $5 appetizers with their chili, or wings, and under $2 Yuenglings. There are about 10-12 TVs to follow all the Sunday games, and the staff will try as best they can to put your game on a TV for you. And the atmosphere is neighborhood friendly even if you aren't rooting for the Skins or Ravens - I've seen fans from many, many teams be able to root for their team in peace here.I'll do a TOP 5 list:5) Sweet Tea - I just love a good sweet tea to sip on, and I know it's pretty random, but that's what's happening when I go.4) Burgers - Sliders or burgers, cooked to order on a grill; reminds you more of your uncle's BBQ than a restaurant, which is good in this Yelper's book. You can order a few different kinds and I've been happy every time.3) Prices - everything is pretty cheap, and sometimes the food suffers a bit (I don't recommend the fried pickles (so much breading that it crunches and shatters in your mouth, at least when I ordered them), or anything with salad that seems right out of a bag), but the stuff they do well is the right price, ESPECIALLY on football Sundays2) Wings - I've had classic Buffalo spicy sauce and Honey BBQ, and both were awesome - better than Buffalo Wild Wings for sure. I think they cook them the perfect way: thawed wings into the deep fryer to crisp them up, then a dunk in the sauce, and finish them up on the grill. 1) Chili - Star of the show! If it's your first time, they'll give you a sampler. 4 kinds - Texas chili (beefy and greasy), Terilingua Red (a bit leaner and spicier), Cincinnati (mellower spices like cinnamon), and vegetarian (not my grind, but ppl seem to like it) My favorite is the Terlingua Red, but sometimes I'll get the Texas to mix things up. How should you order it? In a bowl? Check. Over nachos? Yup. As chili mac with some cheese, spaghetti noodles, chopped tomatoes and onions? Yes-sir. Over some cornbread? Delicious. On some tater tots with cheese and sour cream? Uhuh! On fries? DROOL! You can't go wrong with the chili, and sometimes you can even mix them.The staff is nice and attentive, the bartenders chatty on Sundays, and it's sure to be a fun time if you want it to be.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/13/2014,92,161,4,6,4>I feel like the people here know and love me and that's why they keep making all of this amazing fried chicken. The fried chicken here is only second to my sisters and she is a master. The chicken is always fresh, perfectly seasoned and crunchy enough to make you want another bite. Overall the fried chicken is the best.I love shopping here for fresh meats and prepared foods. The redskin and bacon potato salad, Amish macaroni and coleslaw are some of our faves. I also favor the fresh turkey link sausage at the poultry counter. Just give it try, you won't regret it. They offer  a variety of deli meats and the best ribs in town. Be sure to stock up on bacon, eggs and cheese during your visit. The fruit and veggies are always fresh and inviting but they're way overpriced. I grew up with weekly trips to the old Burtonsville location so having one in Germantown is a relief. Be sure to shop early and avoid the crowds.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/1/2013,2/12/2014,25,86,2,5,2>The ambiance and decor are magical! Where else can you go within minutes of 270 and 355, and feel like you're in the middle of an enchanted forest being served wonderful food and oysters by magical food-fairies? Nowhere, that's where!The food itself is usually not spectacular, but it's never bad. You'll have a good meal, inside a charming old lodge, and you'll leave refreshed, thinking that you just took a trip down to the Shenandoah Valley.The happy hour specials are pretty great too, especially the half-priced bottles of wine on Mondays.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/11/2014,107,166,,7,4>Great craft beers in MoCo and perhaps DC region. But bring us back Shelter Pale Ale, please!!Best bar staff around and my favorite bar food. Love their pizzas, chicken wings, nachos (ask for more cheese first), and those fries.  Their burgers are huge and been very satisfied with their steaks too. They also have live music on weekends too. Wish their bar area was a bit bigger, but on warmer months, crowd spills outdoors to their patios. You and your clothes will smell like their wood fire grill/oven though.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,2/10/2014,153,500,5,9,3>By far the best brunch I've had in a LONG time.Hidden in Garrett Park (where in the heck is Garrett Park? It's the Georgetown of Rockville - in between Bethesda, Rockville, and Kensington), this house-like location is the perfect place for people who enjoy low-key good-quality food at very decent prices.We had: Mimosas (and not wimpy mimosas like most restaurants do it, really champagne-filled ones); New Orleans-Style Beignets (of course nothing like Cafe Du Monde's but still equally good if you're hankering for some); Pressed Vegetable Panini Sandwhich (every vegetable was perfectly grilled & not overdone, then put into the sandwhich); and Salmon Eggs Benedict (perfectly poached eggs running over salmon & biscuit).  Mixed Greens on the sides of both our dishes were fresh & lightly tossed with a champagne vinaigrette dressing that made the greens really stand out.  I often can't write anything about side salads, but this was a step-above regular salads.The waitress asked if everything was ok  with my dish when she picked up my plate.  I really had to laugh because everything was gone, and not gone like I finished my main and left some scraps; I mean gone like a kid eating spaghetti and licking the bowl almost til you don't need to wash the bowl clean-gone.  I'm not sure how we even had room for dessert, but we ordered the Strawberry Slab Pie - (slab because it's flatter than a normal pie and has more crust - yum!) - tartness of the strawberries plus crust plus vanilla ice cream?  I was in heaven.Hubs and I are raving about our next adventure here, but for dinner.  Thank you BMB!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,2/9/2014,61,242,5,7,1>You get to smash armored beasts with a hammer and devour their insides.  What's not to love? That's metal as hell.I have been here a few times, and my experiences are pretty different each time. However, the food is always delicious, and I always leave happy, buzzed, and full. The menu has lots of stuff, but I always get the crab and steamers. A word of note - unless your group is going to eat a lot - and I mean, like, Kaiju huge - of crab, the crab feast is not worth it. Stick to the dozens and order them as you go - there is always going to be people that can't make the numbers work out for you.MY favorite thing about this place is steamer clams on the menu. They are my favorite, and you rarely see them, so I was very happy to see them. What makes them so special - and I am not making a single world of this up - is that the are known colloquially as 'piss clams,' because part of them sticks out the shell, looks like a dick, and sprays water out of their sand holes in their natural habitat. Like, well, a pissing dick. Plus, to eat them, you have to pull a membrane off the dick that looks a lot like a foreskin before you eat them. AH-MAZING. Naturally, whenever I say this, no one believes me, so we order them and I eat myself sick because they are so delicious. Seeing that these creatures exist blew my girlfriends mind. Mother Nature certainly has a sense of humor. Best of all, they are super cheap! Probably because they look like dongs.Downers are if you are outside, you may be next to the dumpster and it probably stinks like a dumpster full of crab parts will smell like, and sometimes the bathrooms are pretty filthy. But, beer is reasonably priced and it's a very fun atmosphere.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,8/26/2014,69,495,3,6,5>Cava deserves an updated rating from me because I always find myself eating here and leaving super satisfied... The harissa dip is on point! Great for a starter.As for food, lamb chops here are my favorite and still the best I've had anywhere. Some runner-ups are the scallop risotto, village salad, asparagus, and chicken soup. The other dishes that I think are worth getting are the haloumi, lollipop chicken, pork belly, and crabcakes. I have ordered a lot of the other dishes here over the years too, they're decent, but I wouldn't order them over the items I listed above.For dessert, the french toast here is definitely the way to go! Service here is excellent, and the staff's really friendly.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/25/2014,2,130,1,4,4>After hearing mixed reviews, i'm happy to say I'm a fan ... and would go back if in the area.Everything was real good and tasty. Pretty classic southern cuisine.  I love the take out convenience.  The service was accommodating - even during a long wait on a Sunday evening.  And I regret not getting the banana pudding to go - especially when our waiter brought it to the table and I could see the perfectly multi layers of wafers.  Hmmph.  Will go back just for that.If Southern goodness is what you are looking for - Do it.  Check out the cornbread that comes to the table.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2014,8/24/2014,31,39,3,4,4>I do social work in the area and have referred clients to A Wider Circle through 3 different local organizations over the past 5 years. The staff is always kind, knowledgeable and very helpful and they provide a much needed service to the community.The selection of things is always varied as they depend on donations, however there was a wide variety of good quality furniture and household items when I visited today. They were a little light on beds, though that is something I'm sure they struggle with often as donated mattresses in good and sanitary condition are hard to come by.As for the reviewer that mentioned a long wait for an appointment, I know that occasionally this can be trying. The need in our community is great and relying on the public to donate can mean that sometimes the need is greater than the supply. I personally have never had an appointment take more than a few weeks following a referral. I always recommend donating to A Wider Circle when I have friends that are moving or replacing furnishings and consistently refer my consumers when they have need. Keep up the good work, guys!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/23/2014,8,268,6,11,7>I saw this place going in over a month or two and I finally gave it a try. I left very impressed. I am really surprised at the tepid reviews here on Yelp. Take it from someone who yelps a lot, and really likes burgers that this place is good. Very good. I had the one with swiss, onions and mushrooms. Usually, I am straight ahead burger: meat, tomato, pickles and lettuce. But this sounded good and I gave it go. The meat was juicy and cooked MW, which is what I like (I don't recall them asking ). The bun was simple like Shake Shacks but it held up under a lot of stress and was not a weak link as so often is the case. All the ingredients were well done and quality. This burger really worked. I had onion rings and they were beer-battered style (I don't know how they were battered, but they tasted like beer batter). Thick but small. The order was enough but not overwhelming--so many times places that have rings sell them for $5 and they serve you up enough for 4 people. It's great to be able to get a right sized order for $3.  I want to challenge a fellow Yelper who said she wanted more diversity on the menu-- absolutely wrong. Do one thing, do it well and let that be your legacy. You don't want cheese steaks at your burger place. Burgers have become such a big category  and fall into three distinct sub groups:  1. Wendy's etc, 2. Five Guys etc, and 3. Rays HellBurger et all. These classifications are price and quality based, and there is some fuzz between the lines. But you can define most burger joints as a 1, 2 or 3. City Burger is a subgroup 2 place. But unlike most of its competitors: Burger Joint, Smash, Kraze, Elevation, Shake Shack, City is priced more like a 1 than a 2, and their burger is decidedly a 2, and a really good 2 at that. This sticks out in my mind because I paid about $12 at Smash recently and felt a little robbed. In fact, you can't do a burger, fries as soda at any of the above places for under $11, and it's not hard to get to $13-14 a man. Well, City Burger is well under $10. Their meal deal with a burger, fries and soda is about $7-$8, all in. For the quality that is really great. I was at $10.49, with onion rings (more expensive than fries)a soda tax and everything.Oh, and their sodas are .99. The cost of a fountain drink has gotten out of control. It is regularly over $2 and that is getting astronomical. There is more cost in the cup than the actual fountain soda. I'm going 5 stars and I hope my fellow yelpers catch up-- if you read my reviews you will see I am not an easy 5 star guy, but I am not a hater either. I will certainly be back. This is a quality burger at a great price. The burger tasted very much like Good Stuff, who along with Z Burger, are the kings of the 2's. Way to go City Burger.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,8/22/2014,111,200,4,5,6>This is a great addition to Bethesda Row. They've been here for a few years now, so they've really hit their stride. I love any location that uses the Chipotle method of ordering cause it allows me to customize without being annoying. I looove their harissa and crazy feta. Their tahini sauce needs a little bit more tahini flavor but it's still good. My favorite protein is the braised lamb. Amazeballs. The spicy lamb sliders are also good, but a bit drier. I basically get everything from the toppings bar and throw some pita chips on for good measure. It's really quite a great place to grab a quick, but delicious meal and the best part is that you can make it as healthy or as unhealthy as you want.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2014,8/21/2014,73,233,5,6,3>Found this hidden gem through Mike B.'s scavenger hunt, and I'm glad I did - I don't think I would've stumbled upon it otherwise!  It's tucked away off Forest Glen Road near the intersection with Seminary Road, in a cute little building.  It's next to a weird castle building and shares their parking, which is a little confusing.  The menu breaks down into three significant categories: small dishes (antipasti, salad), pasta, and pizza.  So many tempting dishes!  They offer multiple kinds of bruschetta, not just the classic tomato kind.  We tried the Bruschetta Capri, which had an olive-tomato tapenade, pine nuts, and cheese - so good, even my olive-hating dinner partner enjoyed it!  We also tried the mussels, which were plump and juicy in a delicious broth with tomatoes and leeks.  I wanted to soak up all of that broth with the table bread, which was crusty and flavorful itself.  We debated between pizza and pasta, and ended up going with the Tagliatelle Boscaiola.  This pasta dish has big fat noodles in a creamy sauce with homemade sausage and mushrooms.  They offered fresh-ground pepper and parmesan, which we gladly accepted.  Very tasty, though not exceptional.  We were glad that we'd split two appetizers and an entree, which left room to sample the extensive dessert menu.  We picked out two.  The  Limoncello Shortcake was a lovely citrus-y take on a shortbread, topped with succulent fruit and fresh whipped cream.  And we finished the meal with the Sfogliata - you should Google that word just to see the crazy phyllo dough creations that we got!  These were filled with a custard and were very unique in appearance and flavor.  All in all, a terrific meal.  Service was very friendly and attentive.  I'm looking forward to trying their sister restaurant in Silver Spring!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,8/20/2014,72,215,7,6,6>I really liked getting to try Kaldi's during Taste the World Fenton Village.The ambiance in there is hip and casual and what you want a coffee shop to be EXCEPT it's more open and less intimate, if that makes sense. Instead of that super cozy feeling, it's more open and free, which is rather refreshing for a coffee shop. I had a delicious London Fog (an Earl Grey tea latte) and a yummy raspberry macaron.Guys.Just try not to push your face to or lick the pastry window, because the pastries look ahhhhh-mazing. I was just drooling while waiting in line to order, and I had to really fight hard not to order one of everything.I'll be back, Kaldi's. Your delicious-looking pastries will be mine.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,8/19/2014,113,140,3,6,5>Wow! Ok, I've never been here before, but this place was great! The food was delicious and wonderful and fantastic and awesome! I should stop raving now. So, The only other Peruvian chicken I've ever had was Crisp n Juicy, which means I just need to go out and eat more chicken! But Sardi's was so good, I almost don't. I got the 1/2 chicken with rice and beans and fried yuccas. There was so much food on my plate that I couldn't finish it! Just looking at my food was making me drool. My friend got 1/4 white and couldn't finish that either! The amount of food they give you for the price is ridiculously generous. The chicken was juicy and tender and the sides were great. I will definitely be coming back to Sardi's!Service, well, it's a place where you go order your food and then seat yourself. Not much you can say about service except that they weren't rude, and that was good. They were quick and efficient and when the one server girl dropped a full cup of soda, she cleaned it up lickity split! Nothing I can really say that was bad about this place. The line was out the door at 1pm and was still long even at 2pm! I was so surprised!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,8/18/2014,154,51,2,7,6>I found week 4 of Yelp's Hidden Gems at Thai Taste by Kob. I made my way here after work in the rain around 8:30pm. It was pretty empty, which I liked. I sat down and waited for my party to come. The restaurant is a little hard to find if you don't know it's right next to Hung Phat the Vietnamese grocery mart. They share a parking lot, so it's not hard to find parking. I was overwhelmed with the menu choices. Page after page of food choices. I had no idea what to order. Luckily I used my yelp app to checkin and got a free longan iced tea as my hidden gems prize!Instead of bread, they gave out shrimp chips, which were tasty. We decided to order a papaya salad with crab, Tom yum soup, appetizer sampler A, and a drunken type noodle dish. The crab papaya was super salty! Good flavor, but the crab was super salty. The Tom yum soup was tasty! Tangy goodness! Appetizer sample A came with a bunch of goodies! Everything came in 4s. I had eggrolls, coconut shrimp, fish cake, different kinds of skewers. It also came with 6 dipping sauces. It was nice to try everything. The drunken like noodle dish was tasty too! I would def order this again, if only I could remember what's it's called haha. Thai Taste by Kob was great to try and I'm glad it was part of Yelp's Hidden Gems. I probably never would have found it otherwise! Thanks Mike B.!
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,8/17/2014,105,649,6,10,8>I'm a little surprised that I haven't reviewed this place yet, as it's my favorite bakery in Frederick.  Why?1. Location- it's right on Market, so my daughter I head here after the Farmers Market on Sunday mornings...2. Cinnamon rolls- they make tasty, huge, sweet cinnamon rolls.  They are doughy, soft and delicious.  3. Personality- The theme in this bakery is glamorous punk rock.  Shiny glass skulls, black and white marble...4. Selection- though sometimes the selection is thin, everything is fresh, and delicious.  While other bakeries in Frederick (and there aren't that many) have suspect quality items, you know everything in this bakery is made in-house, and with love.The ONLY  thing that might make this better to me is if they ever expand into savory items- empanadas, pot pies, etc.  But really, why mess with a good thing???
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2013,12/6/2013,62,668,1,3,2>My goodness. Those two words best describe this place. Went here for dinner last weekend and it was absolutely phenomenal. Place isn't very fancy but they make up for it with great service and even better food. Came here for iftar, which is the breaking of the fast during Ramadan. Wife and I ordered chicken malai kabobs and salmon for her. While we were waiting, I asked if we could get some sides to break our fast with. The cashier happily gave us generous portions of rice, spinach and lentils for free. Talk about amazing customer service. We gout our food and the malai kabobs were amazing. Super tender and flavorful. Wife loved her salmon as well. It was seasoned perfectly. They gave lots of rice and salad as well. Prices are very fair. This place is kind of far from DC, but well worth the drive. Better food than Ravi Kabob and Kabob Palace. Our new go to spot.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2013,12/5/2013,614,994,33,27,23>Seriously guys, let me explain how this works.1) Big Wang is Sichuan style cuisine.  Which means that chili peppers and mouth-numbing peppercorns are the prime seasoning in practically every dish.  If you don't like spicy, don't come here.  You can tell them go "mild", but all that means is that they will use one less spoonful of spices and if you're a spice-wimp, it'll still sear your mouth (whereas, for spice-fiends like me, I ask them to make it extra spicy and it's AWESOME).  So spice-wimps - don't come here.  I'm not being an ass, just trying to save you from an uncomfortable meal.  It's like going to a steak-house and asking them to make you something vegan.  Or going out for Ethopian and asking for pita bread.  Just don't, k?2) They are most famous for their "dry hot pot" which is a spicy stir-fry where you get to pick the ingredients.  Now, do be careful when you do this, because my aunt (who is adorable but so clueless) didn't realize that she would get charged PER ITEM, and created a pot with all the ingredients (so it was like $50 for just that one dish...hahaa...but so so good!).3) If you get the "dry hot pot", make sure you get the aorta.  Yes, it's actual aorta (and it's DELICIOUS. I can't seem to ever find it here in the US, so I'm super enthused that there's one so close to my home!4) The service is GOING TO SUCK. It's not you.  It's doesn't matter if you speak Chinese, English, French or Martian.  This is how you know if a restaurant is "authentic" Chinese.  Trust me on this one.  Over in China and Taiwan, they don't give a flying F*** if you like them or not.  They let their food do the talking. You want someone to introduce themselves, and be your friend?  Go find a therapist to hug you.  You want good spicy Chinese?  Come here.  Seriously.You know what? I can't emphasize this enough - they are NOT going to be nice to you.  My dad is super best friends with everyone, and they were super short with him.  This only made him really really really excited, because if they don't care about being nice, then it means that THE FOOD MUST REALLY BE EXCELLENT.  Seriously, what is with this whole trend about having servers be nice? They only have one job - bring me fooooood.  I don't want to be their friend, I don't want them to chit-chat and ask how I'm doing.  Less chatter, more food slinging!5) This place is called BIG WANG.  BIG. WANG.  BIG WANG.  I can't say this enough.  If for no other reason, you need to come here so you can text your friends and be all "hey, let's eat some spicy Big Wang tonight, k?"P.S.  My dad talked to the chef/owner of Big Wang (like I said, my dad is super best friends with *everyone*) and was like "um, hey dude, did you name this place 'Big Wang' on purpose???".  It turns out that the chef/owner's name is Wang.  And since he's the eldest in his family, they called him "Da Wang" (Da = big/eldest)...and he thought it would be great to just use his name (like Ruth Chris, I guess?).  So after a super uncomfortable 15 minutes of my dad trying to explain to him that "Big Wang" is American slang for...well...big wang...he still didn't get it.  Which of course, just makes this SO MUCH MORE HILARIOUS AND AWESOME.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,12/4/2013,29,126,2,2,3>Great place! I enjoy a good burger, but most places are just too greasy and leave me with an unpleasantly heavy feeling in my stomach. This is the total opposite. I enjoy the burgers I make/have at home and Bobby's is by far the closest to what I have at home. You can customize your order down to pretty much everything and it was cooked perfectly. The fries were alright, nothing to write home about but they weren't soggy by any means. The interior is super-cute. I appreciate how the kitchen is semi-visible. I'm sure some of the credit has to go to how new the building is - I wonder how long it'll stay in this good shape. Would definitely come here, and other locations of their chain, again.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,12/3/2013,92,161,5,6,4>I have finally found a hair dresser!So I've been going to Chanelle for about three months and she has been amazing! During my first visit, she spoke to me about the goals that I have for my hair and came up with a regimen to get me there! My hair was breaking pretty badly, I needed a trim and a dependable stylist to help me maintain my hair for the long term. So far Chanelle has fulfilled the criteria. In this short time, my hair is healthy, growing, shiny and I am happy! Chanelle also stays up to date with hair products, styles and best practices so I'm always excited to absorb any knowledge that she shares. If you are looking for a great stylist that focuses on healthy African American hair while keeping you cute and trendy,  in upper Montgomery County, then you should schedule some time with Chanelle! You will not be disappointed.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,12/2/2013,137,178,3,6,3>This is my go to place for take-out Chinese food.  The prices are reasonable, the food is always delicious and it's made in a timely fashion.  It looks a bit seedy when you enter, but it's actually not.  The staff is somewhat friendly and accomodates most requests.  I always order the shrimp lo mien and I'm never disappointed.  I would prefer coming here than Grace's Fortune across the street for a quick meal.  Sure, it's not as fancy as Grace's, but the food portions and the prices can't be beat.  On the other hand, if I want to have a nice sit down Chinese dinner, I will go to Grace's. China Chef has daily lunch specials and depending on how much your order totals, you can get free egg rolls, spring rolls, entrees, sodas...etc.  They also deliver.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/28/2013,12/1/2013,60,50,,5,2>I came here for a late dinner date on a Friday night after browsing all the other options downtown. It seemed like a cute place backed by solid Yelp reviews.We sat upstairs, which was nice because somehow sitting on the second floor of a restaurant makes it seem more special in my mind.We ordered a fruit and cheese plate to start. Normally, I avoid fruit and cheese plates, so I can't really compare it to anything. But, I thought it was decent overall. The cheese tasted good, but it wasn't anything spectacular. I liked having the little slices of pita bread on the side instead of crackers. The fruit was surprisingly good. Everything tasted very fresh and sweet.I'm not sure if this happened because we ordered an appetizer, but I swear I saw bread baskets being delivered to all the other tables...except for ours....yeaaah. Anyway, for the main course I got the barbecue flavored soup and my boyfriend had the tomato basil. Both were delicious, and I enjoyed the abundance of beans in mine.I also had the chicken with brie for my entree and he had the honey mustard seafood. I was actually really excited for my dish after reading about the restaurant's food (organic, whole foods, fresh, etc.), but I found myself disappointed when I took the first bite of my chicken. Something about the sauce and the brie just didn't taste quite right. It was like there wasn't enough flavor, yet it was too sweet at the same time. This was a pity because the chicken itself was actually quite tender, but the sauce and cheese covered all of the meat so I ended up only eating half the chicken on my plate. The honey mustard seafood, on the other hand, was quite delicious.We split a lemon bar for dessert, which was the best thing we ordered all evening. The bar itself was perfect in texture and flavoring, and the plating was quite beautiful too.I think the entrees were pretty overpriced, but they do have a lot of other (cheaper) options on the menu. I'd definitely like to come back for lunch sometime and try their sandwiches (and other desserts) to see if I can find more hits on the menu than misses.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,11/30/2013,60,120,2,5,5>I am going to share a juicy secret with you about Smashburger's success. They "smash" their burgers and that is why they are soooooo filled with juicy juices. I was fortunate to try a few different burgers here and I can tell you that their classic and mushroom burger really stand out. I thought I would love their bacon burger, but I kept day dreaming about my food affair with the classic. As far as sides go, their sweet potato fries are quite a treat. They have very good shakes as well. Oreo was good, but the peanut butter one, well lets just say I may be cheating on the classic burger with the peanut butter shake. Its peanut butter jelly time!Definitely, stop on by if you see this place open.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,11/29/2013,70,115,8,3,2>Now THAT is what I call a cupcake! So after my ears being bludgeoned to death about stories of Georgetown cupcake, I decided to finally try one. I was told there are lines for this place, but I will presume that rumor must apply to the one in Georgetown because I was in and out in  5 minutes. I ordered the Chocolate peanut butter one and the red velvet, along with a bottle of water I assumed I would be needing to wash it all down with. I decided to go find a bench at Bethesda Row so I could properly devour these cakes of glory. I found a nice, shady spot and took a bite of the chocolate peanut butter cupcake. My eyes were closed in seconds and I saw rainbows and unicorns and skittles were falling from the sky. It is likely that passersby may have heard the groaning I was making and decided to keep it moving-- it is rude to watch someone making out with her cupcake! I opened my eyes and came back to reality--briefly. Not only is the cupcake, fluffy, moist, and rich, the FROSTING is delicious! Now this is coming from a picky broad. And I am quite picky about my frosting! Did not taste store-bought. Did not melt all over me, and complimented the cupcake perfectly, if not made it better. I had a brief thought that maybe I was over-reacting and simply succumbing to pms... after all, I did have a severe cupcake craving. I took a second bite. The groan was apparently louder and the same unicorns galloped across the exact same rainbow! I had to phone a friend and tell her how delicious this thing was. She was already aware of the spell that Georgetown cupcakes puts one under. I however, will be chasing that high until the end of time!Bottom line- GO GET ONEAs for the price, that damn cupcake was so good I don't even remember how much I paid for them...
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,11/28/2013,53,79,3,5,3>Yes, please and thank you! Love this place, love Juli, loved the Vinyasa Flow class. It's my birthday and i told my hubby that I wanted to sign up for the $30 days for 30 dollar deal. In my head I want to be a yoga enthusiast/expert and do headstands on the beach because I am a yoga guru. And then I woke up!I got to the studio a few minutes late, opened the door and closed it back because I didn't want to interrupt. I started to leave but Juli (instructor) came out and told me it was okay to come in.The class had all levels and as beginner I didn't feel out of place. I was sweating like a pig at a bacon festival. I was checked and given helpful corrections. Everyone is in their zone and could care less that you are not perfect. I loved the part during savasana (sp?) when Juli came around with lavender oil and rubbed it along my brow and temple area and gave my head a tug to stretch it out and relax it more. I could have fallen asleep in this relaxing pose given more time. I met another newbie so it was nice to have company. I can't wait to go back. For 30 bucks of unlimited classes for 30 days you are able to try out all the different instructors to see if you really like it and want to commit.  My headstand dreams may finally come true!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,11/27/2013,132,354,4,6,4>I waited a while to write this review, because I wanted to check out Honey Pig again (it's been so long since I been there), and I wanted to compare the two. Well, I went to honey pig last night and decided I LOVE Iron Age WAY better. This is why:1. Price: All you can eat with two options. A or B, A if I remember correctly is $18, B was around $20? At Honey Pig its almost $15 for ONE thing of meat. Iron Age 1, Honey Pig 02. Sides: I decided the sides at Iron Age are sooo much better then Honey Pig. I was so disappointed last night when I was at honey pig. Iron Age gives you Egg Soufflé, potato pancakes, and the traditional kimchee, beansprouts, radish, etc.  Iron Age 2, Honey Pig 03. Service: The service at Honey Pig was meh, but we went on a weekday. So the service wasn't great nor bad compared to when I went there on a weekend (which was horrible). Iron Age, the waiter was very attentive. He kept on coming back "want more meat?" in broken English. Kind of cute. Again, we were here on a weekday around 7:30pm. Iron Age 3, Honey Pig 0. 4. Quality: For the price at Iron Age, you get a better deal. The meat wasn't amazing or a home run, but it was decent. The only complaint is they didn't have Bulgogi or Kalbi, which are my favorite. My mind got fuzzed because there was so much meat I couldn't see straight. At Honey Pig, they charge you by the meat, and they don't give you that much. I felt that I was ripped off. Iron Age 4, Honey Pig 0.5. Final Price: We spent $80 at Honey Pig, and the guys weren't even full! Ugh. At Iron Age it was about $88 (22$ *4) + $15 (Korean Wine) =$103. So that means we should have went back to Iron Age, got more food and better sides for just a little bit more. Btw, the Korean Wine is a rip off. We went to the beer store near Iron Age and found the same bottle for $9. I guess they have to make money somehow. Iron Age 5, Honey Pig 0. Iron Age WINS!
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,1/13/2014,237,360,8,15,17>I suppose this is the first of the three trips I planned for eating at the best pizza places in the DMV area (the other two being pupatella and 2amys).As sinful as it may be to say this, I'm a big fan of americanized pizza and on top of that list is the deep dish Chicago pizza.  I like the thick layers of cheese, the thick crust, and piles of italian sausage and vegetables that come with it.  Because of this, I just won't view Neapolitan Pizza in a way I view Chicago Pizza.  That being said, I will do my best to objectively judge this against standards that are comparable.  For one, I think that Pizza CS stands out on their ingredients.  Of all the Pizza joints that I tried in the DMV area, it has the freshest and highest quality pizza ingredients that I tasted.  Perhaps it's the San Marzano tomatoes or perhaps it's because they forgo the use of vegetables from mass distributors.As for the negatives, (this really isn't an issue) I think some of the pizzas (especially ones that are veggie heavy) tend to be a bit soggy. This issue is easily avoided by choosing pizzas that don't have as many toppings.  The second issue is that the pizza is a bit on the sweeter side b/c of pizza sauce.  Perhaps, San Marzano tomatoes are a bit sweet (but I really doubt it can be that sweet) but I suspect quite a big of sugar is added to the sauce.  Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong about this assumption. *OWNER stated that there is no sugar added. San Marzano tomatoes are sweet!"In summary, I think PIzza CS is the best option that I've found so far in the MoCo area.  It readily beats out on places like Matchbox (not sure if this is a fair comparison to being with) and for the price being $10-$12/ per individual pizza, I think this is a great cheap eat place for something of this quality in the Rockville area.*One thing to note is that my 4* review is based on how it ranks relative to what I find in the DC area.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,1/7/2014,44,182,2,3,2>Came for brunch and light dinner. Both times - food and service were great. Had the apple pie punch (SO GOOD) and all-american burger with fried egg on top and a side of roasted cauliflower for brunch, really hit the spot! I've been back a few times just for the punch. It's soo good. You wouldn't know there's everclear, fireball, and vanilla vodka in it - the cider and simple syrup mask it perfectly. Which, can either go in a good or bad way, depending on what kind of night you want to have! Drinks were also on special during brunch for the football games. For late night dinner/bar bites, had the roasted cauliflower with tahini sauce and shrimp skewers with honey lime dip. Both really good! I've never had a whole roasted cauliflower before (it's probably half the head, which they roast in a small cast iron). It was great by itself, but the tahini sauce was also awesome. The shrimp were a little tough, but the sauce was good - with a nice kick!
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,1/6/2014,139,897,,4,3>It is a rare occurrence that I will give the much coveted 5 star rating after one interaction with a business. But Mike does deserve this exception.We were moving in to our new digs and I wanted the locks to be rekeyed. So I called Mike and scheduled him to come over the day we closed on the house. Mike was at the new house 1/2 hour before the specified time! He walked me thru on the work that needed to be done and even have me the cheaper option.He had to order some parts and would come back in a couple of days, after my work. Again, he was there before time and did the work quickly and efficiently! His rates were also much lower than any other locksmith that I called.Very happy with his work and will definitely recommend him for everyone!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,1/5/2014,62,135,,5,4>Sometimes you don't notice what's right in front you. 10 months have gone by since their opening and I just stopped by for lunch. This small, family run tapas spot is a winner. Their tapas feel like they were made for a family meal. Interesting, yet not pretentious. We went for lunch and has several tapas: shrimp, meat balls, fish croquettes, and sliced fried potato chips. They were all freshly made and and flavored well. I look forward to trying their jalapeño margarita and the sangria. The chef was incredibly welcoming and it was clear they care about their customers. I'm looking forward to about 10 other tapas!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,1/4/2014,809,288,2,7,3>September is National Yoga month and Spiritual Essence is giving classes for $5 thru the end of the month. I have never taken Yoga before, so I figured this would be a good way to explore. I followed the instructions on the website by emailing them and  letting them know which class I wanted to attend. They were prompt with getting back to me. I showed up Saturday morning to the Intro to Yoga class at 10:30 am. I for whatever reason bought a mat some time ago and had it in my trunk, but if you do not have a mat they provide them free of charge. The space is a clean little renovated house/studio with enough room for about 10 to 12 people. I liked that it was small and intimate. The instructor was very pleasant and asked us our names and why we decided to try Yoga. Then she put on the soft music and took us into a range of motions while explaining what everything meant and what areas of the body we were working. Everything flowed naturally, it was not intimidating at all, she offered alternate poses for the less limber and inexperienced. She welcomed questions through the process, but most of us  were so into the flow we talked more with our bodies than with our mouths.I left with a clear head and calm demeanor. The website is very detailed down to telling you the  class level (gentle, rigorous, active), who the instructors are, and what you will be doing in each class. So much to choose from: There is meditation, Yoga for weight loss, Yoga abs& powerful flow, prenatal yoga, and so much more! I also saw where newbies can get their very first class for free, check out the website. I am so excited to get back to this place!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,1/3/2014,92,343,2,6,3>I purchased the Groupon for a free evaluation and three private gym sessions which was a great deal. Upon arrival for our evaluation, they didn't have our reservation on their system but had no problem fitting us in. Like the one star review, I expected much more out of the evaluation. However, we milked the experience by asking the trainer many questions pertaining to our dog's training and came out with several useful tips we have used and home and our pup has shown a lot of improvement from them.My dog really enjoys coming here and gets excited when we pull into the lot. The agility equipment is in great shape and easy to use. It would be helpful to have a digital clock so we know how we are doing on time while in the private gym sessions. A five minute heads up from whomever is working there wouldn't hurt either. The time does fly by, and our dog always leaves tired after playing with all the agility equipment and full from treats to get him to do it! The spoiled pup often leaves with toys from the Zoom Room as well. They have a great selection of durable toys and puzzle toys that keep dogs active and entertained. We can even bring a second dog to join in on the fun for just $5, which was a fun deal for our friends and their dog to see what the Zoom Room is all about.The Zoom Room is easy to find and there is parking on the side, but main parking is behind the building in the garage. There are several spots that are easy to read and designated for the Zoom Room right near their back door. Make sure you have all of your vaccination records current and on hand or your pet will be unable to go into the gym area. That includes rabies, distemper and bordetella.The online scheduling is super helpful and easy to use. I have been just scheduling half hour slots in the private gym as it offers the prefect amount of time to play and learn the equipment without the pup getting too tired or bored. I hope more Groupons are offered in the future as we enjoy this activity with out dog, but the 40 minute drive is a bit of a hindrance. I wish there was a Zoom Room closer to us!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2013,1/2/2014,80,121,1,6,4>I am so glad my friend introduced me to this place- it's now my favorite dumpling place in the DMV! I've really enjoyed all of the steamed dumplings I've had (mama's, chives, pork), but not so much the fried ones. (They were just kind of swimming in oil). I also like to get the sichuan cold noodles- spicy and kind of really oily, but delicious.Parking sucks, so just beware. I've been here a few times for dinner around 6 or 7 and have never had to wait.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,1/1/2014,177,258,1,6,5>Crab Eggs Benedict $14 (6/5 NOMs)I'm just yoking with excitement for this breakfast! Holy Benedict these are some of the best Eggs Benedict in town. Two large poached eggs are nice and firm on the outside and perfectly runny yellow yoke on the inside. It was beautiful, so much yoke just flowing everywhere. So many places over cook their poached eggs, but not here, it was prepared to perfection. Noming adventure doesn't end there, it comes with two fresh large crab cakes. Seasoned to perfection with a nice kick that compliments soft running yoke goodness. Complete this great dish with Crunchy potato goodness, shredded leek hash browns. Perfect portion size of this dish, that completely satisfied this hungry nomster. Must try dish during their breakfast and brunch.Prime Rib Dip $17 (4/5 NOMs)Mhh dipping good! Get ready for one massive sandwich with thick layer of meaty goodness of prime rib Very soft and tender and enhanced by au jus dipping sauce. Comes with their yummy fries. Can't believe this is one sandwich! Thing is so massive that I was only able to finish half. Made for a great lunch next day. The only thing, they don't give you the dipping sauce to take home. What made the experience so much better is our amazingly hot waiter.Butternut Squash $6 (5/5 NOMs)Made us feel all squashy on the inside. Get a spoonful of this extremely nomnom butternut squash soup. Seasoned to perfection this is a great way to start your noming adventure. Very smooth light flavor with a slight after kick. Comes with a giant crunchy bread thats perfect for dipping into soup. Can totally go for this again.True Chef Salad $15 (4/5 NOMs)Its crazy world! Is this a salad or meat entree? Hard to tell since there is turkey, ham, prime rib. Pretty much half of the entire cabbage head with sauce and meat on top. Everything mixed together made for a delicies salad meat dish. Love the addition of french dressing and Devil Egg. Can't find many salads with devil egg in them. I guess normal egg is not enough, bring on the dark side! Warning, do not try to eat the whole thing. You will loose and only suffer. Make sure to try to eat half of it, I know it will be hard, even I could not stop until I felt sick. Just taste so goodFarmers Chips $9 (4/5 NOMs)What the chip! Those are not your weak bag chips, but super chips! I think these chips will ruine you for any other chip. Large and thick and crispy, now thats the way to make your chips. Comes with three different fun dips, cheesy, honey mustard and some green stuff. Why just dip chips when you can also dip cheddar crisps. Entire chip made out of cheddar. Thats just crazy world out there! Great to share for a large group.Cracked Black Pepper Wings $9 (5/5 NOMs)WOW these wings were amazing! It was like a perfect mix of sauce, seasoning and grilled wings. Mhhhh I so want to try this again. A must try small plate appetizer. Great to share with friends or eat all by yourself. My mouth is watering just by looking at this picture.Grilled Cheese and Clam Chowder Soup $10 (4/5 NOMs)Mhhh its double the gooey goodness with Grilled Cheese and Clam Chowder. Grill cheese sandwich was extremely cheesy gooey with three cheese combo Gruyere, Cheddar, and Muenster. Only thing better then cheese is more cheese! Originally this order came with Tomato Soup, but they allow substitution with soup of the day. I'm happy, usually not a big fan of tomato soups.Bacon Wrapped Dates $9 (5/5 NOMs)Wrap me in bacon goodness, great way to start your lunch is with anything wrapped in bacon. These dates were amazing, You can really taste balsamic glaze and blue cheese with hint of sweetness. The only major issue with this order is that we ate it too fast!
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,12/31/2013,93,114,,7,2>Did someone say Happy Hour on a Saturday?You Betcha'!!Happy Hour is from 4p to 7p EVERY day!!!You can get any draft beer, wine or Sangria for $4 and Cadillac Sangrias for a few dollars more. Tapas, tapas, tapas for $4.I always seem to order the fried eggplant. Sliced thin, floured and served with Spanish blue cheese sauce....nom nom nom. This has been my favorite dish for the past few years. Unfortunately, they are slicing the eggplant a little thicker and sometimes the little half moons are a bit soggy.The new thing I keep ordering is the smoked salmon atop a creamed cheese slathered thick toast. Garnished with capers and chopped red onions...move over bagels and lox!We get the empanadas (beef or chicken); fried shrimp on a stick; grilled chicken with onion and peppers on a stick; and calamari. There are a lot of other options on the happy hour menu and everything is just $4. A great way to try a new restaurant or eat all your favorites without breaking the bank!Tip #1: Free paella at the bar on Friday evenings closer to 6pm.Tip #2: Bring a friend so you can try all the little dishes you want without having to be rolled out of the restaurantTip #3: Park near the Dawson's Market in the garage and don't forget to get your parking ticket validated for free parking!!!Tip #4: Sometimes service can be a little slow if you sit at a table so grab a seat at the bar and you will be taken care of by Wendal or Marianna (2 of the best bartenders in Rockville!!)
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,12/30/2013,73,233,3,9,6>I thought I knew where to get the best Greek food in the area, and then I was blown away by YiaYia's!  It's convenient, right on Route 1 with ample parking and decent seating inside.  If you'd rather get carryout, they're on a popular food ordering website or two and make your food quickly and accurately. They even have cool flat-bottomed reusable tote bags that are perfect for keeping your takeout containers safe during the ride home!  The spicy feta isn't something I've experienced anywhere else, and I love the crispy pita chips served alongside.  The hummus (served with the same chips) is also delicious, with plenty of red onions and an olive on top.  The spanakopita may be my favorite thing on the menu, it's just so buttery and flaky and delicious!  The lamb gyro comes in close behind, with really flavorful and tender meat and a great balance of toppings (the few fries tucked inside were a surprise!).  The Greek donuts are sticky and sweet and a nice way to finish things off.I want to taste my way through the entire menu!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,6/18/2013,794,1145,6,6,7>Surprisingly affordable prices for  wine.  I got a great bottle of Pinotage for under $15 dollars.  The shop is small, but the selection is large.  They have many craft beers too. I love that the shop has a dog  in residence.Free parking in Bethesda?  You bet!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/17/2013,237,360,5,7,7>On a Roll Deli is a phenomenal "OFFICE" sandwich/snack shop.  It is located in the office building to the West of Clyde's Tower Oak Lodge and is only open from 7am-3pm.  Your realistic parking options are side street parallel parking (b/c you'll get charged to park in the lot) and hence, a person who does not have business in those buildings will never find out about this place. The shocking thing about this place is that it's probably the best "OFFICE" (again emphasizing the word) sandwich shop I have tried in my life.  While they do not roast their own meat (got to be realistic), they use one of the best nationally distributed deli meats (Boar's Head) and use quality ingredients in all of their sandwiches (my favorite here is the REUBEN-$7-$8, and the daily special SOUPS @ $3.99 w/o sandwich purchase, $2.99 with purchase), starting from the buns, the cole slaw, the fresh vegetables, and whatever they serve.  You'll get a sense of the type of ingredients they use when you enter the shop. It's chock full of the best of the best quality snacks and drinks that I purchase from Whole Foods. For example, they sell quality GINGER ALE made by BRUCE COST (Harney & Sons brand).  I have to admit, I give props to these owners for picking out the selections.  They have great taste and it's apparent from what they sell.There is one other thing that's worth mentioning.  The owners must have OCD. It makes the place a bit scary but in a good way.  It's way, way, way too organized and clean and sometimes it makes me uncomfortable going inside because I feel that I'll mess up the organization of the products if I pick something out.  EVERYTHING is lined up perfectly and organized including the forks (not a single fork in the pile is off-alignment nor the spoons) and I don't see a single stain mark on the floor, the tables, or anything for that matter.  When you see behind the counter, it's as clean as the exterior.  If Michelin inspectors came in to check this place out, I think it would have gotten an award for being the cleanest and most well organized office sandwich shop they ever inspected.  In terms of the quality, I think they sell the best sandwiches (based only on my Reuben) in Maryland with the exception of the Italian Cold Cut Trio at Marchone's Italian Delicatessen in Silver Spring.  The owners are very nice people (never saw them & the staff have a bad day yet) and their welcoming gestures and attitudes mitigates the uncomfy feelings that I sometimes get from the OCD environment (which again is not a bad thing).  For all the things they are doing right, I most certainly feel they deserve a 5* review.  I'm a fan!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,6/14/2013,115,195,1,7,2>I went back again and they do not disappoint! They have relocated to a more obvious location with a bold storefront, almost impossible to miss. They picked me up and dropped me off from Rockville metro. They really did a bad ass job and I'd take my car back there in a heartbeat. This is one of the best auto detailing places I've ever gone to. They don't miss a thing, not one thing and as an analyst and scientist I am picky and pay tons of attention to detail.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,6/13/2013,809,288,5,9,6>Pacci's is a wonderful little place that I don't think  many people outside of Silver Spring know about. Just when I thought I had to be in Bethesda or DC to experience good Neapolitan Pizza my friend and mentor invites me out for lunch. The staff was friendly, it's a small  somewhat newly renovated Pizzeria/wine bar right off of Georgia Avenue, so I took the pleasure of the free parking on a Saturday in the parking garage around back. And when I came in she had already had a nice little window seat with a bottle of red wine waiting for us.I ordered the Diavola and it was simply delicious! I love my pepperoni pizza with a kick and the meat used on the Diavola, just took the pizza from good to great. Psss better than Pizzeria De Marco.We swapped a slice  and I had a piece of her A CAPRICIOSA, with tomato, mozzarella, sauteed mushrooms, ham, marinated artichokes, black olives, & fresh basil. Another stellar choice!I ended with a café latte and her good advice, then we were on our way to check out some boutique.Good Friends + Good Food= Good Life
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2013,6/12/2013,71,110,6,2,3>I am 31 and I am still trying to shop at Hollister.....I know right??  Its ok I'm Asian so I look like im 17 or so I am told.  It must be true since I still get carded for Rated R movies....no joke.So late one night I am perusing different stores for some new spring threads.  Its been awhile since I have been to Hollister, so I decide to look online to see if they have any good stuff on sale.  I immediately find some nice polos and plaid shirts that are not flamboyantly douchey or embroidered with slogans about hot chicks and So Cal.  I checkout and pay and wait for my gear.  Now I am not a huge guy.  I workout religiously but I think I have a balanced muscular physique.  Based on the playboys that pose for their catalogs and 2 story posters in the store, their clothing should fit me great and accentuate my body correctly right?  Wrong, After receiving my clothes I noticed that the Large polos that I got were entirely to small for me.  At first I thought damn I am fat, but I realized that these things were made for slightly smaller man boys.  I dont think they actually expected anyone with any muscle definition to wear any of their clothes.  If they did they would need to add an 'extra husky' size to their list of available sizes.  Plaid shirts fit ok, but they were way to short for any normal human being.  Its weird when you can raise your arms and the bottom of the shirt comes up to your nipples.  Needless to say I needed to return them.The return to the store was effortless.  It did take some time for the Youngins to stop their idle conversations about the weekend social activities before someone actually came to the register.  They would have heard me calling for assistance had it not been for the DJ performing a concert over the sound system.  Dont get me wrong I love loud music and electronic/dance beats.  Im a big fan of dropping Molly and ragin out to Armin in a bright yellow shirt with pink sunglasses on, but just not while im trying on clothes.Anyways, long story short, I think I'm a little to old and big to be shopping at Hollister.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,6/11/2013,60,50,2,6,2>I feel really lucky that I live less than five minutes away from here. I came here for the first time about four years ago after my mom told me that a lot of her coworkers frequented the place. I figured there must be something special about Athens Grill because the surrounding area is purely residential and there really isn't much that would attract non-MVers other than a handful of doctor offices and Lakeforest Mall about ten minutes away. I guess you could say that I came here with high expectations. Fortunately, this was one of the times where my expectations were met to the fullest and I left the restaurant completely in love with Greek food. Even after eating at many other establishments since then, I think that Athens Grill is still my go-to place for Greek food.I usually get the Big Fat Gyro, which can easily feed two people or one very hungry person. I will admit that I have finished one by myself before. I have no regrets though because it's worth every bite (and the stomach discomfort afterwards too).This place is perfect for a casual date with that special someone or even just yourself. Seriously, you could eat here alone and no one would judge you. Take out is also an option of course for shyer folks.They also have a fantastic website with their full menu and catering services listed.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,6/10/2013,614,994,29,23,17>OK ladies, I'm gonna do you a solid.  The next time your boyfriend/husband/dad/brother* says "I need to go to Home Depot because I need a manly-man tool for manly mannliness", you need to offer to come along if they are heading to the HD over on Shady Grove Road...and here's why: Holy Crepes.Holy Crepes is a food truck that is parked at the Shell station right next to the Home Depot.  Now, I'll admit, I'm pretty much a crepe slut, so do take my ravings with a grain of salt, however, the crepes were SPLENDID.  I got the fresh mozerella, pesto, pineapple & prosciutto crepe and my husband got the chicken, mozerella, pesto, sun tried tomato & artichoke.  But after a few bites from each other's crepes, we swapped because both crepes were delicious.  My favorite was my husband's crepe; the chicken was tender and flavorful, and the pesto partnered with the artichoke masterfully.  The sundried tomatos danced ever so playfully on my tongue, and the crepe itself was so light and fluffy and full of delicious buttery eggy goodness...well...it was *delicious* (even my husband thought so, and he's a manly-man who goes to Home Depot and isn't usually a crepe fan).  There were also sweet crepes, but I didn't have a chance to try them (this was supposed to be a "quick snack". Heh.)But all of this is secondary to the main reason why you ladies need to come here.  The owner/chef.  He is *SMOKING HOT*.  And FRENCH!  And SMOKING HOT! And super duper nice!  But mostly...HOT.  I know, I know...but seriously - go check out the photo I took of him.  He is like every episode of Sex and the City come to life...only, you know, not sucky.  So, the next time someone in your life says they want to head over to the Shady Grove Home Depot...offer to come along.  Then offer to run over to the crepe truck to grab lunch and dessert for them while they do their manly tasks at the Home Depot.  You'll get delicious crepes, HOTNESS, and their eternal gratitude for feeding them such yumminess.* before anyone get on my case for stating that only men go to Home Depot...I'm actually stating that only "manly-men of manliness" are dumb enough to go to Home Depot and NOT SEE THE CREPE TRUCK.  The rest of us can go to Home Depot, get in and out in under 10 minutes (and without $300 worth of "dremel tools" that we'll never use) and order a crepe without missing a beat.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2011,6/9/2013,90,93,,1,1>Looks can definitely be deceiving, and this place takes the cake. Lodged in a triangular hut, this place offers fried chicken that I haven't found to be matched anywhere. Not even the Amish Market. Yes that's right.And it's been in business for as long as I can remember; I know my parents went there when they were little too. And they are old. So that is saying something. And my parents still eat it to this day, which is also saying something...that it hasn't gone downhill since. Can't say anything as far as the other items on the menu, but when it comes to chicken...Red Rooster knows where it's at. Only seating options are outside, so expect to carry out.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,6/8/2013,22,37,,3,1>My coworker told me about the Dona Azucena in Silver Spring and he told me that one opened up in Gaithersburg. I just tried it today and rushed here to write a review for it. I love pupusas. I've tried pupusas everywhere all over Montgomery County but these are the best I've tried. They are so full and have so much flavor. The masa de maíz that they make the pupusas with was really really good. Not dry and flavorless like some. Also the chicken tamales were good and I liked the horchata a lot too. The pupusas I tried today had beans, pork, and cheese. Prices are awesome too. I can't wait to go back.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,6/7/2013,46,24,,5,1>This review is only for the sushiI've been coming to this place for years! Seriously, if you want to have the most creative and still tastiest sushi, this is a MUST stop. Hidden behind the fitness first, this place might not draw your eye at first glance (well except for the floating blow fishes) but it is well worth it! The chef is very friendly and the atmosphere is soothing (and yes, I think the "tackiness" adds to its charm). Their big maki rolls are all hits for the most part. The Golden roll, Volcano roll, lobster tempura, and dragon maki are some of my favorites! This is not a cheap place, but you will get your moneys worth (especially from their maki)!
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,11/11/2013,3,6,2,2,2>I really like Headlines Hair Designers, but you have to find a stylist that works well with you and stick with them.  Although I bounced around a bit at first (and each stylist was good), I finally stuck with Doug and I have not been disappointed. Doug is a fantastic stylist and colorist.  First, he has a great personality so he will talk if you want to talk or chill if you want to chill.  Second, he does a good job of tailoring styles and colors to match the actual person in the chair (rather than a photo that you bring in or an idea).  He has a great passion for doing hair and it shows through his work - he stays up on recent trends and has a working familiarity of how to execute different styles and products.  I never leave the salon feeling like there's a bunch of product in my hair - it always feels soft and amazing as if that was its natural state.  And even if I don't make it back until 8 weeks, my hair usually grows out in a way that's still flattering, which to me indicates that he knows how to do both a good cut and a good style.  So, beyond Doug's awesomeness, here are some other key facts about Headlines: --Really convenient if you live in the area, and they have late hours and weekend hours so you can usually get an appointment within a couple of days. --Most of the stylists are very talented, but like I said above, you'll want to find someone who matches your personality and needs.  --The salon sometimes does "hair model" days, where they're testing new products and this can be a great way to get a free blowout or style if you have time to be a Guinea pig! --Front desk staff are pretty cool - you can also book appointments online.  Know that if you tip in cash, they have a policy against giving you cash back when you pay so come prepared. --Price is fair for the DC Metro Area. --Just based off my husband (who has seen a couple of Headlines stylists), I think they're a little better with woman's hair than with men but again, this might be something where my hubby is too shy to say what he wants (and he has curly hair which is never easy to cut).
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2013,11/10/2013,1,6,,4,4>We went here for our 9 year anniversary. We were actually really impressed! This place is a hidden gem in the Rockville area. There are not many places in this area to get a great steak. We are from Gaithersburg. We checked in and found the $10 for $20 yelp deal! We ordered the chicken noodle soup. So yummy! I got the rib eye (well done, how i like it!) smothered with mushrooms, onions and garlic. Delicious! We got the garlic mashed potatoes and the seasoned french fries for sides. Again, so yummy! We did not have room for dessert but will def try it next time. Everything was great and prepared really well.The staff was attentive. We went on a Saturday night around 6:30p, and the place was pretty empty but began to pick up as the night progressed. We will definitely be frequenting this place again!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,11/9/2013,72,215,6,9,8>My boyfriend's Shanghainese parents have declared the xiaolongbao here to be DA BEST they have ever had in America, and even giving the ones back in Shanghai a run for their money.Oh yes.This is a decidely authentic Shanghainese restaurant. The menus are all in Chinese and it's a bit small, not much seating available inside. You get a paper menu and a small pencil to mark how many of each item you want. There are brunch items (only available during brunchin' hours on the weekends), cold appetizers, veggies, poultry, etc. type of categories.Food comes out pretty promptly, even though the small restaurant is usually packed with people. The xiaolongbao is VERY VERY good, to be sure. I'm not a connoisseur by any means, but I would gladly eat about a hundred of these. :DI don't know what else to say besides it's authentic, you know? I had the small salted fried anchovies, some delicious noodles, youtiao (fried cruller), spicy beef tendons, all sorts of yummies and they were very true to how I have had these foods at home and back in China.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,11/8/2013,48,263,,3,5>Really a spectacular production.  Once inside, there are huge bonfires, a skull shooting flames, activities, games, food, and more.  The workers are friendly and helpful (in a ghoulish kind of way).  The two haunted trails are fantastic, some say trail 2 is the best but find out for yourself.  The hayride is fun and there's even the Enchanted Forrest for the younger kids.It's a great time, a fun evening, and worth the money.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,11/6/2013,7,121,5,4,4>Review of Pilates classes - Thank goodness this place is here. Without it I would have continued my slide into flabbitude and be making regular trips to buy new pants and I hate shopping. At first, I wasn't crazy about it. Or rather my snoozing core muscles were like "Jules. Seriously, WTF? We're trying to sleep under this nice warm layer of doughnuts and beer you've draped over us." And neither teacher I've had there is inattentive, meaning you can't get away with slacking. Now I absolutely hate to miss this class (although I still think Herr Pilates was a sadist). The weekend schedule is convenient and it is near Yes! market so you can get a healthy snack after class.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,11/5/2013,136,1232,,3,4>Pretty good selection of beers on tap and wines by the glass for happy hour.  Only 4 apps to choose from for HH but the portions are pretty big for what you pay for.  Off the regular menu, the mac n cheese is creamy and topped with bubbly, melted cheese.  wished it had a touch more cheesy flavor, but it was still cooked perfectly and was delicious.  The duck confit gnocchi is rich and hearty with a nice touch of fried baby spinach with a sprinkling of sharp, crumbly feta.  Even as rich as the dish was it was well a lanced and delicious.  A little out of the way for the main scene in downtown Silver Spring but definitely a place to check out.  You can find parking within walking distance from here.  There's also after hours parking in nearby garages too.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,11/4/2013,794,1145,6,10,8>I've read reviews about this chain where people complained that it's so expensive.  I don't think so.  I mean, it's not like ordering from the dollar menu at McDonalds.  It's priced right for what you get: A fresh and healthy meal.Today was the grand opening in Downtown Silver Spring.  They offered their entire menu for a "Pay What You Can" price with proceeds going to charity.  I've only ever had their soup, so I had to quickly peruse their menu, as the line was started to build behind me.  I went around 1:30; in between lunch hour rushes from Discovery HQ.I opted for their summer special salad, which I believe is named 'July Salad'.  It's an organic mesclun and baby spinach salad with fresh, local goat cheese, peaches, basil,  almond slivers, and topped with a balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  I opted for an additional topping of falafel (four ping ping ball sized).  I loved that they make each salad to order, and fast!It was delicious!  The best salad I think that I have ever had!  I am spoiled for all other salads now.  I know I will be a regular here.  My salad was posted as being about $7.50 (plus I am sure a bit higher with the additional topping).  However, their signature salads range from $7.85 - $11.50.  You can design your own creation for just $6.50, whereas you choose the base, and pick up to four toppings.The employees were cheerful and helpful, and I was more than happy to make a donation to their charity choice.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,11/3/2013,22,182,,5,5>We've had some mousse cakes from here (tiramisu and strawberry) and were thoroughly impressed with them so we gave them a visit initially on a Saturday but to no avail! They are not open on Saturdays.So, some months later we had some time to go on Sunday. This is a very charming bakery with very pleasant owners. They were very gracious and thoughtful. We ordered the double chocolate mousse cake and two slices of the strawberry bavarian rolada. The cakes are hard to describe; they are rich, moist, and light at the same time. They are unlike any other cakes we have ever tasted; you can tell that the owners care about their product and this is manifested in the taste and texture of each bite. I would definitely come back again to pick up another cake for any type of celebration.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,10/31/2013,104,40,3,9,4>In a game of hide and seek, I would surely lose to this restaurant. I was only able to find this place because my dad had already been here.Service: Amazing and friendly staff.- As much as I hate to admit it I was having a really cranky day the first time I ate here. Much to my surprise, the waitresses tried to joke around with me and get me to cheer up. They get an A+ for service!Food: Like dim sum, you get smaller portions so you can eat a variety -- and it's all made to order so it's fresh!- It's like dim sum ALL DAY, except that these are more "xiao chi".- Very affordable. A meal for me, my dad, and my sister is usually ~$30-$40.- Everything I've tried on their menu (which is about 10 items) has been really delicious. Some of my favorites are: Thousand layer bread, Pi Dan and Tofu, Red bean congee, and their pickled vegetables!- They have bubble tea (not a big variety of flavors, maybe 4-5?) and it tastes really good! The best I've had in the Metro DC region.Other Information:- They are cash only.- They have a sheet where you can mark up exactly what you want and just hand it to the waitress, but the sheet does not include *everything* on the menu (for example the soy milk is not on this sheet). BUT it's all in Chinese. Actually, I wonder if they have a version that's in English?^ The sheet might have erase marks, because they try to recycle sheets. They're eco-friendly! *thumbs up*I definitely recommend this place! You cannot come/live in Metro DC without making a stop here at least once.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,10/30/2013,237,360,8,11,9>"Flugtag"????? It's a surprisingly difficult word to pronounce and I'm still uncertain as to whether I'm pronouncing it properly.  Only after this weekend did I find out that the word is of German origin and means "air show".The Red Bull Flugtag is a national event sponsored by Red Bull that took place on 9/21/13 in several of the major cities across the U.S.   Participants dress in funky attire, do a pre-launch group dance, and fly their  homemade flight vehicle that isn't powered by engines (I won't call it a plane b/c some of them are not) from a launchpad over water.  These flight vehicles are pushed over the ledge by teammates.  Afterwards, anything goes.  Some of them may go a decent distance (~40 feet which is a great by flugtag standards) and some of them don't fly very far...say ~1 foot and nosedive straight into the water below.So what happened at the DC event?  Plane crash after crash, teams doing the Harlem Shake, and high school participants getting a failing grade for their science project after failing to launch their flight vehicle.  It was a day of LOTS of mishaps but it's meant to be that way: a day when you let go of the seriousness from your daily lives and mindlessly enjoy the event.For all the silliness, all participants have put a lot of sweat and effort into this event.  Some of these flight devices took over 6 months to produce and cost over $7k to make only be to destroyed in 5 seconds after launch.While the novelty of the event made it exciting to watch, Red Bull needs to plan the event better for next year.  There were far too many people, the viewing area was inadequate to accommodate all viewers, safety was questionable, and better enforcement of policies (people cutting in line & smoking while waiting in line for a bus) were necessary.Overall, this event was entertaining and I would recommend that you see this at least once in your lifetime. Add a couple of bottles of beer to the mix and the whole thing gets exponentially more entertaining.  Can't argue with that right?
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2014,8/16/2014,197,231,1,3,5>I am so excited about this new location by my house. I am a big fan of the their neighbor restaurants in the same shopping center so this location is just prime for me. I would say that first off the staff is very friendly and I can see myself along with my friends coming here to kick it for either happy hour, to grab a quick bite or a drink and at the same time get to know their staff.The food is really good, I enjoyed the TX salad and the turkey avocado sandwich. My friends had the crab cake sandwich and loved it as well. I did hear one person say that they wish there were more items on the menu like fries and perhaps a burger along with other ingredients being that they are pretty much a sandwich restaurant. (food wise) I do know that they make all their pulled chicken, pork, meat in general at the location the day of which is good to know as well. The selection of craft beers is interesting and I loved all the ones I tried. I got the Pub dog which was very subtle and sweet, just how I like my beers. I also tried  the evolution which was just as nice, just a tad bit stronger. I cant wait to go back and try other things on the menu.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,8/15/2014,20,27,5,7,4>This place is one of my family's favorite spots to dine together.  Recently we came to celebrate my brother's birthday, and as usual, they didn't disappoint.  The staff is always friendly, our server was excellent, and the food was delicious.  There is some free parking adjacent to the restaurant, but it is minimal and the spaces are tight.  The metered parking near the restaurant is one hour parking only, but there is a garage across the street.  If you come on the weekend expect a very lengthy wait; this is a very popular restaurant but you won't be disappointed.  The weekdays are busy, but the wait is usually not as long.So I started off with a French Martini, which was very good.  For appetizer we had the spinach and artichoke dip.  I had the ribs as my entree with fries and coleslaw.  Their ribs are one of my all-time favorites.  They fall off the bone, they are seasoned perfectly and I love sauce so I had some extra barbecue sauce on the side.  But even without the extra sauce, these ribs are amazing.  Needless to say, I was very happy and quite full.  It appears from the plating that the portion size is small; however they have cut the slab in quarters and plated the quarters on top of one another so there's actually quite a bit of food.  My brother had the prime rib (which was cooked perfectly) with a baked potato.  Since the French Martini was so good and I couldn't eat another bite, I skipped dessert and had another one.  My brother and niece shared the apple walnut cobbler which they said was delicious!!!  Another Woodmont Grill dining experience with two thumbs up!!!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,8/14/2014,158,143,5,7,9>This bakery is the "little bear" bakery from the Goldilocks fairy tale - just right. Not too sweet, not too bland, all their cakes are just perfect! I've had the pleasure of ordering two cakes here - one custom advanced order and one same day order. There's a raspberry white chocolate cake I got for my father's 50th birthday celebration that was essentially a massive piece of edible art. Guests who don't typically eat sweets came back for seconds. Attempts were made for thirds, but every last crumb was gone by that point! There is no losing when it comes to Les Delices :) They also have some adorable meringue mice that I haven't seen anywhere else around this area! Something unique for a host/hostess gift~
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2014,8/13/2014,145,120,3,7,6>I've been coming here since I was a child and never truly appreciated it until I became a foodie around my teenage years. I used to be forced to come here with my parents as a child and we never go out to eat for anything but Chinese, so it got real old after a while.While now that I am older (definitely) and wiser (I hope...), I love going to this place on my own terms! The restaurant is pretty small - about 3 or 4 booths on two sides of the room (can fit up to 4 people in each) and a bunch of tables in the middle (probably fits a total of 20-25 people in the middle).Anyway, who cares about size? It's all about the food. The wonton noodle soup is out of this world here. The wontons are large and the broth is ridiculously flavorful... And best of all, it's only like $6.95! Quick, cheap, and satisfying meal for two for under $20. WHAT? That's why I have gone twice in the past week ha!The service is very mediocre but I have never been to an authentic Chinese restaurant where the service was great. They're mostly family owned and don't know much about the American standards of service. I think they think that as long as you have food and drink, all is good. So don't expect 5 star service because you won't get it here. And that's okay with me.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,8/12/2014,24,115,5,8,5>Maximum deliciousness.  What you give up in decor (and to some extent healthiness) is more than made up for in satisfaction.How often does an *entire menu* excite you?  It is essentially impossible to go wrong at Woodlands -- even for carnivores.  This cuisine is exceptionally delicious, wholeheartedly satisfying, and Woodlands absolutely nails it.  What I have had has not been spicy-as-in-hot, but spicy-as-in-full-of-awesome-flavors, though I imagine you can get things hotter if you want.  I am falling head over heels in love with south Indian cuisine.Try everything.  The dosai are the crowd pleasers for sure (get ones with potatoes and onions), but don't miss out on the house specials or the curries.  The channa burata rivals pizza as the most crave-worthy and maximally satisfying dish of all time.  Also, excellent appetizers; again fire at will.The portions are enormous so to try a lot at dinner you'll either have to come back frequently (recommended) or bring a lot of folks and share.  There's a lunch buffet that I have not tried but is likely the way to go.  Like many Indian places, it's easy to go overboard here, especially if you're as excited about south Indian cuisine as I am, so be mindful that many things are fried and/or carb-heavy.The place itself is unpretentious and more than a little hole-in-the-wall, so don't take your prom date here (unless you have the coolest prom date ever).  The service is down to business, very quick and attentive.  The prices might seem slightly high for a hole-in-the-wall but the quantities are massive and the quality is outstanding.  It's also a bit hard to get to, but even so Woodlands will not disappoint.TRY IT FOR YOURSELF!  I've never written a more caps-lock worthy review.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2014,8/11/2014,75,201,4,6,5>I came here for a book signing event featuring the creators of image comic's 'Rat Queens' earlier this month. I've been to another Big Planet location before and had a good experience so I walked through the front door expecting the same and wasn't disappointed. The crowd for the signing was comprised of mostly fun, energetic, personable women and the staff was pretty stoked to have us all there even if many of us ended up loitering in the shop for the entire signing (hey, we bought stuff, and then some more stuff). I thought it was a really nice touch for them to have a reception area for the signing that included a custom crafted cake, brownies and other small bites along with beverages to pour into cute superhero cups. The store is sizable and includes comics, trade paper backs, t-shirts, figurines, fun accessories like comic-themed wallets and the like. I didn't check to see how their manga collection was/is but I'm more than sure they have at the very least a shelf or two. The staff was fun, knowledgeable and greeted EVERYONE who walked through the door equally. I could see myself coming here and hanging out if I lived in the area. Definitely check them out if you're nearby.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,8/10/2014,31,47,4,6,4>Although I went there only once, I had a really good experience at the Seska Lounge. The food was really good and they custom made something vegan just for me, which I sometimes try to eat for health reasons.  The employees were great, very helpful with food suggestions and the bouncer was very nice.  They have different themed evenings in terms of their DJs.  Their location is really unique and it always looks pretty busy.  It's behind a shopping center, but has plenty of parking and lighting.  The decor was very unique and just... well, cool!  As another review mentioned, most of the clientele are Africans, but it doesn't seem African-themed or exclusive to Africans or anything.  If I go there again, which will probably be a Reggae Sunday event,which they said has no cover,  I'll expand, but I thought it was a really cool place and wanted to give it a better review because some were unnecessarily negative on here.  I'm actually thinking about going their tonight after writing this!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,8/9/2014,60,103,3,7,6>I am so happy to give this business 5 stars; I would give it more if I could. On the advice of Angela P.'s review, I booked an appointment for a haircut. I am so glad I did! In all of my adult life, I have searched for a special hairstylist. Someone who knows what they are doing, and knows what is realistic and attainable. I am so impressed with Christina and never want to go anywhere else! Right away, she assessed my hair accurately and explained to me how to handle it going forward with cuts and color. Sometimes you can just tell when you are in the hands of a master. I really didn't have to explain much in the way of what I liked. Christina was personable, funny, interesting, and easy to talk to. I went home and immediately told my mom to book an appointment, and I will continue to tell everyone. Side note: the lady who does the shampoos, was amazing as well. She gave me the most thorough head and neck massage that I have ever had. It really set the tone for the visit and I so appreciated it!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,8/8/2014,614,994,5,5,5>"Let's meet at the Ice Rink in Rockville Town Center", my friend JB texted to me. "We can do a little skating to make little BB happy, and then we can get coffee at Starbucks and gossip our little hearts out".  They were magical words, and before I knew it, I threw on a scarf and booked over to the Ice Rink.Sometime around when I got the skates, it dawned on me...it's been nearly a lifetime ago since I last skated...and we were going to skate with a little 6yr girl. Was BB ready to hear me curse in 4 languages as I fall on my ass?  Was she prepared to see a grown woman face plant in front of her? Was she mature enough to deal with watching EMS try to give me the breath of life?OK, none of that happened...which was a miracle. The rink was actually really cool.  It's small enough that I can do a lap in under 10 minutes (a very awkward and slowly moving 10 minutes), yet large enough that it didn't feel crowded.  The rental skates didn't stink too badly, and I liked that there were lockers for us to put our purses and shoes.  Excellent!Little BB had fun (and bumped into one of her little school friends), while JB and I skated around and gossiped and gossiped. Heh.  AND because it was outdoors, I felt like I got some "fresh air" which everyone tells me is good for me (I would like to see the studies please. And the study has better undergone peer review). PLUS, because I skated, I didn't feel that bad snarfing that pear tart and drinking that venti afterwards.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,8/7/2014,126,87,4,9,8>I love this place and I would give it a 4.25.  I personally love Black Salt in DC, so when we heard that this place was a sister restaurant, we had to come check it out.We weren't too crazy hungry, so we decided to order a couple of appetizers and oysters.  We got wood grilled oysters, crispy brussels sprouts, steamed blue shell mussels and several oysters.I personally liked all of them.  The wood grilled oysters are small, but I loved that little bit of salty, crunch and buttery taste on top.  Brussels sprouts were also very delicious, but I wish they were slightly less salty.  Steamed blue shell mussels are also tasty, but mussels are small.I think Republic is a very decent seafood bar place in the neighborhood, and I would love to go back sometime.  If I had to pick on it however, I still think the food at Black salt is slightly better.  The reasons are : 1) the food is slightly on a salty side and 2) I think that their mussels are smaller mussels than the ones at black salt.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2013,4/3/2014,48,139,1,6,4>I tried the Lomo Saltado once.  It was good but I found myself having a head slapping V8 moment saying "I coulda had chicken!"  There are many things I miss about dining out in California, but they have nothing, absolutely nothing like Sardi's or charbroiled Peruvian Chicken.  It's my happy place in Montgomery County.For sides, I love the plantains (as dessert) and the garden salad (to delude myself that I'm being "healthy").  My guy loves the fries and dips them in the sauce they provide for the chicken...his own idea of heaven (next to the skin on the chicken).We've learned not to come here on Friday nights around 7.  If the parking lot is full, the line to order is at least 20 minutes long.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,4/2/2014,164,38,1,15,6>I initially found this location on Yelp, immediately calling to inquire about the prices the manager called me back and assisted me in great detail. The location was easy to find and the gym was extremely clean and well put together. I started the boxing class which was mixed with a fitness workout and boost. The staff are extremely friendly and explain each detail regarding boxing and any other activity of interest. The schedule provided is accessible online and have multiple classes to suit any persons time and personal schedule. The price, atmosphere, instruction, and interaction is well worth the visit and commitment to a membership.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,4/1/2014,137,178,2,6,4>I can't say enough positive things about this place.  They do exceptional work and they are very professional.  Cardigan is a family owned business that has years of experience to back them up.  I initially found out about them because my parents had their bathroom completely remodeled by Cardigan and they did an outstanding job.  I wanted to have a back-splash installed in my kitchen, so I called and scheduled a meeting with someone to discuss the measurements and pricing.  We discussed my options, I chose my tiles and we set a date.  The workers came out to install it and they did an excellent job.  I have a large wall that the back-splash went on, but it only took a few hours to install.  It was a rather reasonable price for that amount of space.  They have a stock room with millions of samples and they give free estimates.  This is not your corner mom and pop shop that will do a job for you for $100 but trust and believe that when they do your job it will be done correctly, professionally and thoroughly.  I even received a follow-up call from my initial point of contact to make sure the job was done to my satisfaction.   I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY FOR ANY HOME REMODELING PROJECTS!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/31/2014,237,360,9,12,11>I have a little secret. I talk the talk when it comes to writing reviews and I have a highly critical motor mouth.  However, when it comes to walking the walk my culinary skills just don't hold up.  Lots of times I go to a restaurant and I say...hell this seems like a super simple dish if only I knew how to season it properly.....The answer to my troubles came from Penzeys.  They have an unbelievable selection of spices from all areas of the world (middle eastern, african, korean, chinese, malaysian, you name it).  I went in clueless, got some recommendations for spices for fish, meat, and veggies, walked out clueless and used those spices to cook up some dishes.It's really simple.  Take food items (for example asparagus). Spray with olive oil, add sale and pepper, and add a bit of tuscan sunset spice from penzeys, cook it in the oven at 400ish degrees for 10-13 minutes and it'll taste better than 99% of asparagus sold in restaurants.  Want to make your burger taste better? Add a bit of salt, pepper, and the tuscan sunset spice to a salmon patty and it'll blow your mind.  Just like that I was a better cook.  Penzeys has instilled a level of confidence in my cooking skills that was simply not possible before.I'm in absolute love with this place.  I actually believe for once that I can cook things better than 4* yelp restaurants with a little bit of practice. Never before have I felt I could do this before Penzeys.  For those who have not yet dared venture into the culinary arts, I strongly suggest going to Penzeys, getting some recommendations, and cooking some simple dishes. You'll be amazed as to how much you can do.....all under $20 (for several small shakers full of spices).Maybe I just really suck at cooking.  But that's the point. Someone like me can do it so can you. If a dilettante like me can do wonders imagine what a seasoned cook can do with the stuff from Penzeys.  You are limited to what you can imagine by using spices from Penzeys.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,3/30/2014,44,71,5,8,5>New favorite restaurant! Go here! Seriously, everything was sooo good. The chalow kadu entree (stewed pumpkin with basmati rice) was amazing. So delicately spiced and perfectly sweet with yogurt sauce. I could have eaten it forever. We ordered several appetizers, all of which involved a variation on ground meat and yogurt sauce, and all of which were different and fantastic. The fried eggplant app was a personal favorite. Even the salad was great, with a tasty dressing of- you guessed it- yogurt! The food was so good, we were thinking about going there for lunch again the next day, but it was closed. Just a heads up, the man who greeted us and seated us was a bit off-putting. He gave us a lecture on not using phones in his restaurant, because they are evil, which is a valid point- but also, I'm about to yelp the crap out of this meal, and I need my phone for that. He just kept going on, and we were like, whatever sir. Lay off the lecturing of patrons. But I would absolutely put up with it for more of that sweet, sweet pumpkin.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,3/29/2014,194,284,3,12,8>Finally, a REAL gastropub in the area! So many other bar food-serving restaurants claim to be a gastropub, yet have no idea what that actually means. It means great craft beer. Paired with even greater food. Taste is a real gem. Started with a La Fin du Monde- very tasty Belgian beer. We had the calamari for an appetizer. It actually was kind of bland, but the smokey tomato sauce it was paired with helped. BUT our entrees more than made up for the mediocre start. I had the seared ahi. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly. It came with kale and a rice side, which paired very nicely. My date had the ribeye, and was nice enough to let me try it. It too was cooked perfectly and was juicy and tasty. Awesomely, you get a free dessert for checking in on the Yelp app. We chose the pistachio baklava. Although I prefer my baklava with more phyllo, and I was expecting more pistachios in it since it was in fact, advertised as a pistachio baklava, it was complementary and still very tasty. Taste's waitstaff was attentive and friendly. The tables are a bit close together, but luckily a charming grandparent-aged couple were seated next to us, and their cute married-but-still-very-in-love convo only added to our night. I wish the other "gastropubs" in the area would take notes on the quality of Taste's food and ambiance. Their claim to gastropub-ness is making it hard to find true gems like this one!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,3/28/2014,37,27,6,13,8>This is my favorite place to go to for quality sushi at a great price. The "regular rolls" (philly, California, shrimp tempura) are cheap ($3.50 - $4.50) and taste fresh. They have a decent lunch special.  Every day (including weekends) you can get 2 of the regular rolls for $6.50 or 3 for $9.95.  Its also nice to find a small sushi place that has a good selection of specialty rolls.  One of my favorites is the Crush on You roll.  I'm not a big fan of their "spicy rolls" here but I don't hold it against them.My favorite thing about this restaurant is they have great customer service.  Everyone that works there always has a smile on their face and now that I have been there a few times they treat me like a "regular" and ask about my sisters.  I love it. Oh P.S...they deliver.  It sure beats ordering pizza.  :)
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2014,3/27/2014,124,212,4,6,4>Very nice place. Heavy greek influence on the menu and all of it is good.A few of my favorites are the Firecracker Pork Penne; which is braised pork over nicely cooked penne with a habenaro pesto on the side. It is on the side because it is pretty hot and not everyone is up for it. It is soooooo addictive.Thier burgers are really good and the meat is ground fresh daily so you can got med-rare if you like. There are always cooked to temp and the topping (except the egg) are top notch. They fry that poor egg to death, so I don't get it.I have tried a least half of the menu and all of it is really good. So, why only 4 stars? Because the light are on the ceiling and they have ceiling fans moving which means there is a constant and noticable strobe effect going. Also, it is noisy as heck in there when busy.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,3/26/2014,6,39,2,5,3>Having made ventures into a few other of the MoVi center's other establishments I was dumbfounded with the impeccable cleanliness and orderliness of Donut King. Care and detail have been placed into every last detail.I ordered an egg and cheese bagel, and because I was destined to waste my day doing housework, a cake donut. First, the sandwich. The preparation was methodical and incredibly clean. The woman who made my meal was entirely focused on what she was doing, and it tasted amazing. As the sandwich was wrapped up the man carefully and methodically wrapped the paper. I really felt like I was watching someone wrap a Christmas present. The bagel was fresh and perfectly toasted, with the outside being crunchy but the inside still soft and warm, the egg was fluffy, and the cheese was delicious and melty. A+.The donut. For starters, it is important for the integrity of this review that I state that I do not like donuts. I rarely (like once a year) eat a donut. I just find them to be overly indulgent, and generally not very good. Perhaps it was excitment that there was a clean store in the center, perhaps it was the fact that I was up so early on a Saturday, or perhaps it was genuinely the quality of the donut, but it was amazing. It was light,  smooth, and cakey.All in all this is a solid effort, and if you're in the MoVi area bypass the *other* bagel establishment and enjoy a delicious, kind, and wholly enjoyable time at Donut King.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,3/25/2014,139,897,3,5,4>We are big fans of Thai food and totally appreciate good Thai food without the fluff or in this case, an extra serving of coconut milk.Which is why we were really happy to find our new local Thai favorite in Bethesda! The restaurant does seem to have some identity issue on if it is a restaurant or a pottery an antique store, but once you walk past the reception area, there is enough seating to be found. Service is good and to the point, if at times a tad bit sloppy. But the food makes up for it. Food was well cooked and flavorful. The spice level was to the liking of the wife and that is always good :)My rating of the dishes we ordered:Panang chicken - curry was yummy and chicken was tender and cooked wellPad Thai - decent portion size and well madeDrunken Noodle with beef - the noodles and sauce were spot on but the beef was a tad bit chewy for my liking :(Shrimp Fried Rice - was very good tooChicken with Basil Leaves and Hot Chili Pepper - probably the weakest of the dishes that we ordered - the sauce had flavor but the chicken was dry and over cooked.All in all, I would definitely recommend this place when in the area.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,12/6/2012,47,83,13,9,6>Some people do not like Indian food.  My friends were among these people.  Tiffin changed all that.  They're different now.  They wear saris now, even the guys.  One friend grew a red dot on his head.  Anyways, they like Indian food now.Food you must order: 1. Butter Chicken (Chicken Makhani): The best butter chicken I've had.  The sauce is smooth and rich.  The chicken is grilled beforehand which makes all the difference.2. Boti Kabab: Tender, delicious chunks of lamb marinated in yogurt and spices.  3. Biryani: All of the biryanis are great here.  You get basmati rice with an order of an entree, but the biryani is too good to pass up.Food you should eventually try:1. Dosai: These things are like crispy crepes and are huge.  Masala dosai is a good dosai to start with if you haven't had one before.2. Uttappam: These are like a thicker dosai and are pretty good, maybe a little oily.The buffet is alright.  Order from the menu and you'll be much happier.This is the best Indian restaurant I've been to.  Better than Minerva in Gaithersburg, Jewel of India in Silver Spring, Bombay Bistro in Rockville, and then some.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/5/2012,76,458,,12,3>I ordered a Florentine (spinach, mozzarella, tomatoes, herbs) thinking it would be a quick snack to get in my belly since I had to make my Bluemercury appointment and didn't have time for a proper lunch. Boy, was I wrong! The crepe was huge and stuffed with ingredients... It was like a French Chipotle burrito!The staff is super nice too! They had to change the gas tank in the middle of making my crepe and the young man walked over to the bench where I was waiting with Nutella crepe samples for me. They also give you a free drink with any crepe purchase between 11-2.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,12/4/2012,123,137,,5,4>I love finding gems in locally-owned businesses.  This would definitely be one by the quality of the food alone.  I would not call this a particularly romantic spot due to the well reported tightness of the tables and casual dress and decor, although I did see a lot of older couples there.  The price range definitely disqualifies it from inclusion on my First Date list.  I grew up about 10 minutes away even though last night was my first visit to this location, and I'll probably return but only for special occasions.  Definitely make reservations for any day you plan to go, not just weekends.Of note, the easiest way to get there traveling northbound is to either turn right on Spartan Road and left on Georgia Ave (it's will be on the right), or to turn left at Georgia and 108 and another left to park by Popeye's and take the little set of stairs they have between the two strips.The mussels lived up to my expectations.  Tender, not fishy or sea-watery tasting, very little grit (maybe 5 out of a kilo) and a ridiculous variety of cooking styles.  I had the tarragon which was a little overpowering (although I shouldn't have been surprised considering that was the title of the dish).  The lobster bisque was delicious, if salty, but had big tender hunks of lobster :-9 and came with the most delicious bread.  My mom had a really delicious sea bass, which she was afraid to ask for the shrimp on top to be held (due to an allergy) because there is a very clear note on the menu that substitutions are not made.  Silly, I know, but she hates to make alterations to dishes in general.As not really a beer drinker, I don't have much to add about the extensive beer selections, but someone mentioned exorbitant beer prices and I wanted to mention that that extends to wine.  Some are reasonable glass prices, but they are mostly offered as bottles and they're pretty high.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,12/3/2012,144,289,,3,4>This is one of my favorite theaters. They show a lot of movies you can't find anywhere else - not obscure indies, but they're clearly working on finding quality mainstream movies that are still a little too artsy for a lot of the multiplexes. For instance, last year, this was one of the few showing Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy, and this summer, it was one of the few showing Beasts of the Southern Wild. I like that you have to go downstairs for the theaters. The first time I came, I heard some people complaining their phones weren't getting service. It was then I knew I was going to like it here. Plus, coffee and espresso while you watch? No idea why more theaters didn't think that up years ago. Bonus points because this place is immaculately clean.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2012,12/2/2012,138,379,6,11,6>Watch out, Chipotle--you just got some competition down the block. I came here the day after its grand opening and the lines were still out the door... however, I was surprised when the girl out front told us it would only be a 15 minute wait. She was right, and it ended up actually only taking us 10 minutes to make it to the register. The menus are adorably shaped like limes and they feature a wide variety of Mexican fare: from 4 different types of fresh guac to a crazy assortment of salads, tacos, and burritos, you definitely won't have trouble finding something you like. I loved the atmosphere here as well. The place is really clean and looks modern on the inside. There's also outdoor seating if you'd like, but the place is great for small groups with plenty of indoor seating too. They had popular music (Top 20 hits) playing (it's pretty loud, FYI) but it's definitely the type of place you'd expect at the edge of a college campus. The service is very friendly and attentive here. My friend and I ordered a guac to share, and I finally satisfied my steak craving with some Steak n' Cheese tacos. The place is extremely fairly priced... we got a huge serving of guac with bottomless tortilla chips for $6.50 and my 3 tacos (heartily filled!) were $8.75 total and also came with chips. They have a HUGE assortment of salsas that you can get for free too--the habanero almost burned my tongue off, but I loved the pineapple salsa. Could definitely eat that all day long. The steak in my tacos was cooked perfectly and I liked that the seasoning wasn't overwhelming. The guac was extremely fresh and creamy, but also light so that it didn't feel too "indulgent" as avocado can sometimes be. I didn't even finish my third taco because i was so stuffed at the end. This was a really delicious, affordable meal and I'll definitely be back! TIP - they have Happy Hour on Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays (WTF!) with $2 frozen margaritas, Mexican beers, sangria, and lots of food specials. Definitely an awesome deal if you wanna try this place out without paying full price.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,12/1/2012,47,313,2,5,3>The last pizzeria we tried that offered vegetarian, vegan AND regular pizzas was a huge disappointment, so I was pretty wary about Fresh Pizzeria. My first concern was that they were going to be snobby douchebags like many owners/employees of heavily vegan friendly restaurants. They weren't. Not at all. In fact, this was one of the friendliest and most polite staffs I've encountered almost anywhere. While we were there, some regulars came in and they struck up a casual, friendly conversation. The employee remembered their names and their usual order. We ordered one of the vegan pizzas and two slices with pepperoni. The vegan pizza needed to be cooked from scratch, but they had one slice with pepperoni on it sitting in the heater. I figured they would grab one of the plain slices, toss on some pepperoni and drop it in the oven. I was wrong. They went to work cooking up a fresh pie with pepperoni on it, assuring me that it would all come out at the same time.My wife loved her Vegan Fiesta Pizza. My pepperoni pizza was good. Not great, but enjoyable. It was a good approximation of NY pizza, but I found it to be a little too thin. The slice that had been in the heater was good, not tasting like it had been sitting for too long. The slice from the fresh pie was actually just a *little* undercooked. I assume this was them trying to get everything to come out at exactly the same time, but we really wouldn't have cared much if my slices came out just a little bit later.Best pizza ever? Not at all. Good pizza? Yes. But this is a place dedicated to using fresh, local ingredients and who do vegan and vegetarian pizzas - and do it at a reasonable price and without that vegan snobbery.We'll be back.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2012,11/30/2012,76,107,3,3,2>So I rarely go to Cabin John Plaza, but Maggie F. recommended this new place.  Totally pleasantly surprised.  Raw oysters were super fresh and how do I explain the Chesapeake oyster....it was probably the size of my face.  The sweet kumomoto was sweet and delicious.  I had the Salmon BLT sandwich but really the gem of the meal were their fries.  SO FREAKING DELICIOUS.  I couldn't stop eating the fries, they were so good.  They are the skinny fries, perfectly fried, and my mind didn't care about how i should probably regulate the portion-size.  Okay, so back to the restaurant.  Definitely go.  It's nice to see more seafood restaurants opening up in the area.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2012,11/29/2012,351,697,2,4,2>It was a perfect plan I thought.  What more politically incorrect thing could I do on the day before Columbus Day than go to Founding Farmers (a group of people who helped to steal Native American land as much as anyone)?  But, as usual, reality got in the way of my preconceptions.I'm not saying that the original inhabitants of the United States would completely approve of Founding Farmers, but it did have a certain lefty ethos that I quite enjoyed.First of all, I loved that their produce comes from a group of non-factory, and local, farmers.  And I could almost taste it in the food.  I got a skillet and, amazingly, the eggs tasted like eggs (and it was thick and filling, almost a souffle made of breakfast stuffs) and not like chemicals.  The hash browns on the side actually tasted like potatoes (though richly fried to meet a modern palette).  The biscuit actually tasted like bread.  And what amazed me most about the meal was that it cost less than a lot of comparable inorganic brunch places.I also expected this place to be quite inegalitarian (read stuffy).  But it wasn't.  The wait times for tables were insane on a Sunday, but we were sat at the bar right away with a group of wide-ranging individuals who were glued to the Redskins game (I watched it too to be even more politically incorrect on Columbus Day weekend).  The bartender was friendly and fast.What put this place over the top was the aesthetic though.  Every little place that it could have kitschy decor, it was modern.  Every place they could post twee sayings, they were educational.  About the only thing missing was a diversity in whose ideology they chose to represent.  But, hey, I had to find something a little offensive if I was looking for it, right?
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,11/28/2012,86,139,,4,4>I came here for brunch recently and Nate, our waiter was awesome! The wait was the usual hour wait. Admittedly we got there at a time where service started to pick up and everyone had finally been able to obtain a parking spot. It's very difficult to find parking there depending on the day and time that you come here. However, as I mentioned previously, our waiter was awesome. The environment was clean and spacious. The staff was helpful, attentive and responsive! One of the crew members dropped my plate of bacon and in no less that 5 minutes i got a new plate exactly as I ordered it. I haven't experienced any of the events that are offered there but I'm sure given the right day, the right weather and the great food that's offered on the menu it will be a great experience. I'd come again for brunch, I'd just come much earlier. I'll definitely order the french toast again! Yum!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2012,11/27/2012,329,460,3,4,3>Probably one of the best or perhaps the best falafel I've ever had!This place seems to use the same model that Chipotle uses in putting together your order. First, you choose your carb, then your meat/filling and end with toppings/veggies.  Very simple and efficient, especially during lunch rush.Recently tried the lamb in my pita, which was different than most Mediterranean places.  Instead of thin slices, the lamb is served in mini-patties.  It is also spicy, which I'm not a big fan of, so I'll probably stay away from the lamb next time.Overall, a great place for a meal!
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,2/8/2014,53,79,1,7,5>I went to the new library today and was quite pleased to see the new place.  My expectations were that it would be more like the Rockville location but it definitely has its own personality.  I took a ton of pictures so you can check them out to see what it looks like.  They still have a lot of selves to fill so that was strange to see how much space was empty but hey, it's a work in progress.  It is smaller than I thought and is just the one level for general use.  The upper level is dedicated to community room space but I'm not sure about the requirements to reserve the spaces.  I was a bit annoyed because I wanted to get a group study room for my group of 6 and all the rooms were taken by singles using the space as homework or office space.  Hopefully they will remedy that soon.The teen room was a hit for my girls but they were annoyed that   every book just about involved romance and sex or were fantasy type books.  I hope the library will invest in some good clean teen reading that doesn't involve relationships and sex activity or too much fantasy if that's not your thing.The Discovery room aka play room was a great thing to see but when I went in a lady was in there with her two kids and said she had the space reserved until noon and that we have to reserve the space.  We reserved it for the next available time slot of 1pm to 2pm and she was kind enough to let us in the room to play with her children until her time expired.  Later on when I was in there I did the same and had two different families join me.  It was 5 kids and 3 adults and the kids all played nicely.  I'm sure there must be some rhyme or reason to this policy but I just haven't figured it out yet.One thing I love about this library is that they have a little café with tables and chairs right at the entrance!  It makes sense because there isn't really anywhere you can go easily for a drink or a quick bite.  As of today it was cash only but they are working on being able to accept other forms of payment.  Woohoo!!  I think all future libraries should have this option, especially since you can't brown bag it when you have a marathon library session going on.As a homeschool  mom I am sure we will be here a lot.  I look forward to discovering and enjoying more things at this library.  It's been long awaited and long overdue for the Gaithersburg area.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/7/2014,60,120,4,7,6>Delicious bagels. YES!Delicious breakfast sandwiches. YES!Coffee. YES!Good service. YES!Good prices. YES!I had heard a lot of positive things about this bagelry from some coworkers and just had not had an opportunity to try it out until yesterday, but this place delivered. They have a robust Steak and Cheese bagel sandwich. I just wish mine came with a pickle and I would not have had to steal a bite from my girlfriend. I also like the fact that they serve them with toothpicks so my sandwich doesn't explode in a final display of self preservation. As if I won't stab the cheesy egg remains with a fork and sacrifice them to my stomach.Give this place a try. Oh and they have outdoor seating, which I imagine will be great during summer, but not so much in cold weather.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,2/6/2014,29,79,,6,3>This was my first time visitng the tiny bakery.  My girlfriend told me about Gerard's about a year ago (they were able to complete a birthday cake for her hubby's 40th birthday--she's was very last minute and they accomodated her request).  I tried the strawberry shortcake and german chocolate back then and was sold!  It was very good--not too rich and sweet but just right.My love and I were in the area and decided to stop by.  The line was almost out the door when we got there.  It reminds me of a small bakery back home (in SC) where old ladies go to get their Sunday dinner dessert.  Beautiful artisic cakes.  The kind you just want to look at and not cut!The line moved okay.  Could've been a little faster.  We decided on small box of samples.  We sampled our little hearts out to dessert heaven that night and everything was GOOD!  YAY!  I'm a fan.  We'll be back.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/5/2014,60,113,5,11,5>The Tanger outlets National Harbor has a great mix of stores, and is more centrally located to the population centers of Washington DC than other outlets. They have great deals, and the customer service is Excellent, I was very surprised.  I guess they learned from the service debacle when the National Harbor opened. I got  great deals with my elite club card, and the coupons provided. I hope they keep up the efforts to keep this place classy. One of the only negatives thus far was the traffic situation is tough. This should improve as we get away from the holidays, and the novelty wears off. Don't pay attention to comments on the traffic, of course it's going to take a while if 20,000 people are trying to park in such a small development. It's a short term problem. You don't give a bad review for it geesh!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,2/4/2014,102,254,,5,6>Little sandwiches for $1.00-$2.00 (ish) each plus cheap $4.00 sangria (it's no the best quality, but it is quite nice to the wallet!)? Anything with serrano ham or salami is great! Also manchego! I would say each person should order ~3-5 little sandwiches depending on how hungry you are and what you get inside them. Don't forget the fries! They've always come out piping hot (so maybe wait a little so as to not burn your tongue). The TVs are pretty sweet, so it would be a nice spot to view some games. It's usually not too busy, and they have large TVs that makes it great to catch a game. Located really close to the metro and to the public parking garage.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,2/3/2014,81,187,,6,5>This is an All-You-Can-Eat Korean BBQ joint.  They raised the price since I was last here, but they also added new stuff to the menu.  I think they now have separate items if you do not want to do the AYCE, but know that everybody at the table will have to order the same option if they choose the AYCE.They have two options for their All-You-Can-Eat:Option A for $25: Everything, which includes steak, ribeye steak, chicken, beef brisket, marinated beef, marinated pork (Galbi), pork belly, etc.Option B for $20: Beef brisket and two types of pork belly.If you can eat a lot, then this place is definitely worth it. You can also keep requesting more side dishes, steamed egg, and soup. Not only that, you also get an unlimited amount of KPOP playing on all of the tvs!!! Yay?!?It is a pretty clean establishment. Service is quick and friendly. It is a closer and better  option than Honey Pig, which always seems to be too loud and full of drunken people.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2013,2/2/2014,48,29,3,6,2>we arrived around 7:45pm, not knowing that they closed at 8...and sat our butts down to eat at the tables. i did feel bad when i realized why she was locking up the door, we would have gladly have taken our food to go, but Anna was totally nice about it. pointtssI think the cakes and teas are a little over priced, but major props for it being made in house by anna. i know where my cake was coming from. food just screams FRESH. its a simple concept like what chipotle does:toppings and ingredients in different combos that go into a bowl and you choose your meat. If you get bulgogi, its not the traditional thin cuts of rib eye meat. these are actual steak peices that you get in the bulgogi marinade which i actually doooo likee!The spicy pork was spot onThe bimbimbap bowl was really fresh and delicious. the only thing i miss is the stone pot for the crispy rice to happen. My brother got the superbowl with pork. It had kimchi in it and cheese. Surprisingly THIS WENT REALLLY WELL TOGETHER. I personally would love if a handfull of spinach was tossed in there as well, but thats just me and my love for spinach. I dont even like kimchi (i know...i fail so hard) but i would be able to eat this all up had i ordered it.my  brother and i just kept taking turns eating from each others bowls hahaha. sharing is caring right?
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,2/1/2014,46,156,2,8,3>My girl Eva started here several months ago and I followed her. Mind you--this is the second place I've moved with her. That should definitely tell you about her professional skills, work ethic and personality! Eva has grown to be a dear personal friend and I don't know what I'll do if she ever leaves the area! Despite the fact that Eva's been here for a while now, I'm horrible with getting my hair cut regularly, so I just went in for the first time not long ago. The salon is tucked away in the line of shops adjacent to Congressional Plaza. Getting into the parking lot was a bit confusing my first time, but parking is adequate.  They have huge floor-to-ceiling windows along the front and back of the store and the salon is clean, bright, and airy.The place is BUSY and you really need to pre-book your next appointment before you leave, especially if you want to come in on a weekend.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,1/25/2014,57,70,8,10,9>So glad to not have to drive down to Annandale for some decent Korean food! This place has great menu selection (appetizers, soups, rice, noodles, hot pot casseroles), all for reasonable prices. To start, both kimchi pancakes ($13) and seafood pancakes ($16) are scrumptious. They actually have an abundant amount of kimchi or seafood in each pancake, whereas at Lighthouse Tofu down the street makes you wonder if you just ordered semi-cooked flour mix. The kimchi wang mandu (AKA gigantic dumplings) were meh and difficult to eat even with the help of a spoon.I've managed to order a hot pot casserole (~$32) every time because yes, they are THAT delicious. I'm all about eating hot food to get warm during the winter, and also torturing myself during warmer months with piping hot food. What makes it even better is having enough people around the table to kill an entire pot. The pork rib and kimchi pot (H2) is great and widely acceptable among people with different taste for food. It's spicy without making you gulp down gallons of water, and it's got enough meat and veggies to please everyone. The bulgolgi with octopus, vegetables, rice cakes, and noodles (H3) is even better for those who want a bit more variety or thrill because well, it has chewy octopus tentacles.The waitress that is here on most days is super nice. If you're wearing cute sandals, she'll do a double take and rave about how cute they are. If you're not wearing cute sandals, she'll still come around and fill you up on more kimchi each time she notices a dish is empty. But wait! Before you decide to wipe off the drool that's dripping out the corner of your mouth, check the calendar and make sure it's not Monday. They're closed on Mondays!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,1/24/2014,62,211,1,9,2>You know you are in for authentic Indian food as soon as you step into the foyer, where there is a four foot statue of the elephant-headed Hindu deity Ganesha, Remover of Obstacles. Incense ashes, burning candles, and cash offerings demonstrate active worship by his devotees. The main room's walls are painted sky blue, with art hung around it. To the left as you enter, a divider separates a row of two-tops and the buffet line. Beyond that is a windowed wall looking into the sports bar. Ah, the buffet! $9.95 for lunch, $13.95 Saturday and Sunday nights. I've never gotten past it to the extensive full menu. Chutneys, salad, soup, an appetizer or two, basmati rice and naan are standard, as is the best tandoori chicken I have ever had - tender, juicy, and deeply flavored. Everything else changes day to day, from standards to vegetables like tindora (a thumb sized gourd) I had to Google. Half a dozen vegetable dishes, one or two chicken dishes (the tikka masala is excellent), and one or two of goat or lamb. Three or four Thai specialties are on the far end before you reach the desert table, which always has a thermos of full-bodied masala tea. Indian beers and lassi are available as well.Every dish is complexly seasoned, and heat varies from almost none to very hot. If you like heat, vindaloo (if it's in the rotation that day), the Thai dishes, and the mixed pickle chutney (I love it for its intense, exotic flavors, but always have a piece of naan ready to absorb the fire) will make your scalp sweat nicely. Curries vary, take a taste and see. So how good is the food? There's an Indian restaurant within walking distance of my home, but I'll always drive 20 minutes to Sapphire when I get an itch for Indian.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,6/28/2013,23,24,,5,3>Went for opening day yesterday and ordered chana masala with garlic naan. The food was very good, bursting with flavor. The owner seemed very nice and accommodating when I suggested he should add more vegetarian dishes to the menu and the buffet. I didn't notice any tofu dishes as is normally traditional in Indian restaurants. I hope he will listen to my suggestion. They had very large portions of great tasting food and a nice and clean atmosphere within the restaurant. I will most definitely  come back!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,6/27/2013,46,124,10,11,7>Wow, foodgasm much.  Just go.  No words can describe.  Avoid if you are on a diet.  Best pretzels I have ever had, still craving them after I inhaled 4 pretzel sticks already,.So many desserts, meats, cheeses, food, teas.  It is like the good parts of Wegmans, but on steroids. I did not expect it to be this great, but plan to go every few weeks or so, especially since I commute to Laurel Skate Center at least 3 days a week.Parking lot was crazy even at 2:30 on a saturday.  I wanted to shoot myself in the eye, but i just parked on the side of the building near the wooded area.I used credit card in most places and cash on smaller purchases of $3 or $4 dollars.It almost makes me want to be Amish.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,6/26/2013,7,121,6,2,2>Got carry out today. Steamed dumplings and the green vegetables with ho fun. Lots of veggies including something rather horseradishy spicy. Oh man. So good. And the interior of the place has been completely transformed into the classiest dining space in the 'hood. I couldn't see how many seats there were, but I don't imagine there's a lot of seating. I think it would be a good place to go on a date. Note to my husband if he is reading this: I mean for the college kids, Honey. Not me. Or you.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,6/25/2013,32,252,,2,1>Absolutely addicted! What is in the yellow sauce, its like crack... the green is good too. The chicken is spectacular, usually get half a chicken and two sides love the rice and beans --- the yuca was dry but that could just be me and I really am just not a fan as I rarely find anywhere that they really wow me on yuca. The mixed veggies and green beans are flavorful. I need to venture out from the chicken but it just so delicous. My husband has had other items and loved them as well... YUM!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,6/24/2013,0,6,,1,1>Best Sichuan food in Montgomery County!We have been visiting Yu Zhou Cafe ever since it replaced Fu Shing Cafe a while back.  Originally we were not impressed, as the great dishes under Fu Shing became average under new management, and perhaps a new kitchen staff.  However, things changed for the better when we started trying out their specials on the Chinese menu.I have tried all the dishes other reviewers mentioned, and totally agree.  Most of them have the right blend of spiciness and taste.  It's just spicy enough that you feel the heat, but your taste buds aren't numbed to the point that you can taste anything.Tip 1: Ask for the Chinese menu.  If you don't read Chinese, ask the staff to recommend/translate.Tip 2: Chinese menu has many dishes where the main ingredient is internal organs.  They are also some of the best dishes.  If you feel adventurous, go ahead and try them.  The "Five-Colored Beef Tripe" is very good.Tip 3: Avoid weekend lunch.  That's when all the Chinese families hang out.  Weekday dinner service is just right: decent number of customers and great service.We will be returning to this place for years to come.  IMO, you'd have to go to New York to get better Sichuan food.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,6/23/2013,22,23,1,3,2>My first impression upon entering the restaurant was that it was very cramped and small...there were a bunch of tables crammed into a tiny room, and we were sat at a table very close to another couple. It just irks me when I'm sitting so close to another table and can hear their conversation. First we scanned the drink menu - most glasses of wine were expensive (over $10) so we passed.The waitress came by our table and quickly took our order and dropped off a basket of bread and butter. I tried a piece of bread that was the texture of cornbread with dried fruits and nuts and oh so delicious. I had to have a second piece.We ordered the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella as an appetizer to share. WOW it was good. A generous portion of prosciutto was wrapped around a large chunk of mozzarella, on top of a crostini with some greens and balsamic. It was really flavorful and the perfect portion size to ease us into the rest of the meal.I ordered the butternut squash and blue cheese ravioli for my main course. That was amazing too. It had walnuts, crispy brussel sprouts and butternut squash puree. I tried to save a couple raviolis to keep as leftovers but I ended up cleaning off my entire plate. My boyfriend ordered the  1/2 roast chicken and he enjoyed that as well. We didn't have room for dessert, but I'm sure that would have been great too.Our waitress was very attentive and was walking through the room constantly to check on all the tables. We used our livingsocial deal after it expired and she still honored the promotional value. Overall: a little on the pricey side, but the food is definitely worth it - you get what you pay for.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,6/22/2013,1,14,,,>Good food. Moderately priced. Great service.The restaurant was packed on a friday evening but the wait staff was very courteous and ensured that we didn't have to wait too long. The belly dancer was a welcome addition as well. The ambience is average but the food made up for it. Enjoyed the persian soup, Lamb Chops and Chicken sheesh kabobs. Loved the yogurt and cucumber sauce. Wasn't a big fan of the hummus (was a little too salty for our taste) and the wine list could use some more additions.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2013,6/21/2013,484,231,3,5,4>Well, coming from VA i never expected to have this kind of headache transferring my licence and registration over to another state.  Laurel Tag and Title walked me through the process, and gave me recommendations and assistance.They even recommended I go to the MVA myself to resolve any potential issues I might have, while they would process the paperwork themselves, given the situation it was in my best interest to handle it on my own.  I saved $35 (their processing fee) and was able to pay only 3% tax (instead of the proposed 6%, and even though i ultimately didn't use their services they were still extremely helpful.The entrance is in the back of the building and it is part of an office with an insurance company.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2013,6/20/2013,296,298,5,3,3>A & J serves Youtiao and Dou Jiang! These are Chinese donut sticks with salted soybean milk. They only serve it on the weekends, but it still tastes great!A & J is known as the best mom-and-pop Chinese restaurant in Rockville. They are also known for their dim sum and old-school character. For example, "What you want?" or "Is that it?"When you walk in, you write down your order on a piece of paper in pencil. Don't use pen! Otherwise, you make the piece of paper non-renewable for future customers.In addition to the Dou Jiang, I ordered vegetarian steamed dumplings. They were done to perfection!Parking is tight here so do your best.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,6/19/2013,123,137,3,4,3>4.5 stars  I went with regulars, so that might have changed my experience a bit.  But this is my new favorite bar.  Ample seating, purse hooks under the bar, posh bar bites, and great great great drinks.  The bartenders are what bartenders should be: friendly, adventurous, with a wealth of knowledge and good suggestions.  The quack-quack-erac is a very impressive variation on a sazerac with duck fat infused st. germaine.  I was afraid at first, but so glad I went with it.  The loss of a half star was a overly lemony violet fizz (and that somewhere in Rockville serves a better, similar drink) and a lack of coffee (isn't there a whole restaurant next door?).  The guy manning the iPod for the background music was killing it last Friday, I'd be happy if he dj'ed every time I went in.  The fontina cheese is drool-worthy.  The truffle popcorn, euphoria enducing.Walkable from the movie theater if you're healthy.  Driveable if you're not healthy, lazy, or running late.  So a pre or apres theater option if you fancy.Ho!  Double entendre!
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,3/4/2014,80,122,1,8,7>I really enjoy this place since it reminds me of my mom's cooking (Cantonese) and gives me a little taste of home away from home. I recommend the seafood over crispy noodles--it's not as delicious as other places I've had in Little Chinatown Rockville but stand-out in this area that is deprived of authentic Southern Chinese cuisine. It has room to improve but I like it enough. I also love the roasted duck noodle soup. I cheated on my diet just to get a taste of the fatty, crispy skin and five star spice near the bone and hearty soup.Solid 4 stars for me. Our waitress/server did a great job both times. Looking forward to trying the dumplings.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,3/3/2014,17,136,10,8,6>This place is delicious! I'm already looking forward to my next visit here. I used to think Bolivian, Peruvian, ah they are all the same. I'm glad someone in the family decided to try a highly rated Bolivian restaurant.When I came in to this restaurant, I wasn't really that hungry but I still ordered something for myself (for the group to share). Aside from the main meal, we all got some empanadas. I had the beef empanadas. It was served hot. It was very tasty!Now, when I tried the highly talked about silpancho, I was floored! When I talked about not being hungry before, it changed my appetite. I just wanted more and more of it. I recommend that dish!The service was good and friendly. It could also be because my sister-in-law was leaving for Bolivia in a few days and the staff got pretty excited talking to her about the Bolivian life. There is no AC in this place so it can get pretty hot easily in the summer.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,3/2/2014,178,206,5,7,7>I never had Cuban food until I was invited to this restaurant. It is fabulous! True and authentic cuisine!I order the ropa vieja which is shredded beef. It comes with black beans and rice and plantains. They give you a ton of food! I usually have leftovers for the next day. We also get the tostones as an appetizer. The tres leches is amazing for dessert. And the drinks are just wonderful! The mojitos and the margaritas are sooo good! It gets pretty busy so make a reservation before you dine. :) Their service is great. This place does close earlier than most restaurants, so I would call ahead just in case to make sure they are open and have seats available. It's an out of the way gem!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,2/26/2014,214,177,4,14,5>I can't believe it's taken me months to write a review for IKKO Sushi-- But then again I can... It seems to be a lot more difficult to review a place that I've grown SO fond of, since I want to make sure to include ALL details!Ikko Sushi is on the first floor of The Bennington Apartments in downtown SS.  You can find parking in the back of the building, or on the street if it is available.  There is no bathroom inside of the restaurant, but if you ask your waitress she will gladly let you know how to get to it. (inside the apt complex) From the owners, to the chefs, to the waitresses, everyone is super friendly and will always make sure you are comfortable and well taken care of.  One thing I noticed was that when experiencing longer wait times for food, the waitress came to our table to let us know ahead of time.  This is something that has really become hard to come by in the restaurants that I've been to lately.  Not that we mind waiting for our sushi, it's definitely worth it.  My boyfriend and I are frequent visitors, and we always have a very pleasant experience.  They are consistent with service, cleanliness, and most importantly their delicious rolls and fresh fish.A breakdown of the rolls we have tried:DC Monument:  The reviews are true-- This roll is indeed a masterpiece. For those of you that think it's hard to eat, umm.. Get a spoon!  Prepare yourself for a roll that towers over your plate, layered with rice, avocado, crab, spicy tuna, and masago.  Don't forget about the sauce.  From my understanding, there are three different sauces on this delicious roll. Creamy, spicy, and just the right amount of tang.  We must always order this roll, no exceptions.  Love 2: Softshell crab, eel, cucumber, tuna, salmon, & sauces.  This roll is an explosion of different flavors.  I love that it is filled with different textures, as well as still being a different and special roll.  (I tend to get bored of rolls at a lot of sushi restaurants.)  It is huge, so open wide.Caterpillar:  Eel roll topped with avocado w/ sauce.  The idea of this is so genius.  I am a huge avocado lover!  It's awesome to be able to get my eel roll, with extra avocado. Mmmm.White Tuna:  Let me just say, this is a staple for us no matter where we go.  I was so impressed with the freshness of the white tuna!  It melted in my mouth like butter.  Absolutely perfect and so simple.  Who would have thought such a simple roll would be so good? Rice, white tuna, and nori.  Boom. Volcano Roll: California roll topped with spicy crab, spicy sauce, masago, and bits of baked cream cheese.  I've never seen a volcano roll like this.  Ever!  It's usually a mound of a combination of spicy ingredients piled onto a roll, but not at IKKO.  The cream cheese being baked on top looks like a marshmallow that has been roasted on a campfire.  There are 6 pieces, so you will get a piece on each bite you take.  Rainbow: Had a perfect balance of fish to rice to veggie ratio.  Would definitely order it again when I'm not in the mood for the crazy special rolls.Spider:  Super crunchy soft shell crab, avocado, cucumber, and lettuce. (w/ eel sauce)  Pretty basic roll, but so yummy nonetheless!Overall, I love IKKO Sushi and will always be a returning customer.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2013,2/25/2014,66,49,5,10,6>This is a super welcome addition to Montgomery Mall! Coming here for the first time you may be a tad bit confused. You order at the register and then seat yourself BUT they do bring your food to your table. The burgers are pretty good, they have your standard burger and then several different combinations of burgers! You also have the option of doing a beef burger, turkey burger, or a chicken sandwich with all menu items!Keep in mind though, Bobby's doesn't do veggie burgers. I got the Napa Valley burger, he got the Philadelphia burger, and a friend got a chicken sandwich. I don't normally like  honey mustard on anything but God this was amazing on my burger, it complemented the goat cheese perfectly. The burger itself was cooked perfectly and was juicy, not overdone in any way. My first two bites were kinda salty but the rest of it was delish! Both the men enjoyed theirs a lot too :) We also got fries to share and one was enough between the three of us. The fries are the reason BBP gets 4 stars instead of 3, they were so so crispy and yummy! They do have salads, and while some may scoff I definitely want one next time. They have the option of putting a burger on top of greens instead of a bun which is awesome! I'll be back, probably a shameful amount of times ;)
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,2/24/2014,335,383,1,9,8>I'm not going to the old Bob's anymore. The food here is enormously better! I'm not sure what they are doing differently, but the quality of the exact same dishes is significantly different! (Maybe they have better MSG crack going in?)They lost a star because 2 of the dishes we ordered never showed up until after our bill came out. Also, if you like the purple colored artificially flavored taro milk bubble tea that you can sess at places like Jumbo Jumbo- then don't order it here. It is for real legit taro puree and it is NASTY (unless you are my parents and you like that stuff- then you'll be excited because its WAY authentic).The parking situation is also much better than the Bobs 66. AND best of all?? They take credit card. Yup. Icing on the cake! No more $3 ATM fees! Next time I'm going to make sure they bring me my Taiwanese Hamburger and Spicy Sliced Pig Ear!!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,2/23/2014,138,379,5,9,7>Warning: this is a very long review, but my experience here simply can't be summed up with just a few lines. I decided to wait a couple of days after my appointment to: 1) make sure this wasn't all a dream, and 2) make sure I wasn't just riding the hype train from all these 5-star reviews on Yelp. Well, now I can officially say... Linh truly is an incredibly talented mastermind. My history with hair stylists has been anything but enjoyable. No exaggeration - I have actually cried after every single appointment where I foolishly told myself I would like short hair. I never did and blamed it on my naive belief that short hair flattered my face; from there, I vowed never to go down that path again. Then, I turned to just cutting and dyeing my hair myself. Yes, these were dark and desperate times. After a series of big life events this summer, I decided it was time for a change and perhaps some renewed faith in going to the salon. Cue Linh's entry into my life... he was recommended to me by a few of my sorority sisters and, after consulting the Yelp reviews, I knew I had to experience this for myself. Linh and I set up an appointment via text message. I love that he conducts his business this way, because it is honestly more convenient for both of us and makes communication a lot easier. What I really appreciated was that he took the time to figure out what I wanted BEFORE the appointment - usually a lot of time is wasted on the day of, with the stylist getting a loose grasp on the customer's wants and then putting his/her own flair into it. On the contrary, Linh really takes the time to understand what YOU want and he supports it 100%. This is where "average" and "amazing" stylists are separated - I had no idea how to describe the (much lighter) hair color I wanted... even though I managed to give him a description of the complete opposite, he still managed to understand exactly the shade I was seeking. Like I said... mastermind. On the day of the appointment, I was a little confused because I thought "Be Scene" was a freestanding studio. It's actually housed inside "Symmetry Salon Studios". When you walk in, the concierge will check you in. The decor here is elegant and sleek; free beverages also provided. Linh's studio is modern and hip. He blasts EDM (during my appointment, it was Hardwell) which is usually outside my listening genres, but was something I came to enjoy by the time I left. He is also extremely friendly and easy to talk to... you get the sense that he actually cares about you, which is something that other stylists I've encountered have truly lacked. I decided to go several shades lighter and several inches shorter... yes, I was entrusting Linh with a task that many others had previously failed. He made sure I wasn't nervous ("Are you over it?") before beginning the chop and then swiftly made his initial snips. We then bleached my hair (which I was more terrified for) before putting in the color. After coloring, he dried my hair and did the final cut to fix everything up. I had to be out of the salon at a certain time, and he was completely mindful of that throughout the process -- but he NEVER rushed through anything. When I was finally able to look at myself in the mirror, I was shocked... in a really, really good way. I've spent these past couple of days being extremely happy every time I look in the mirror and, I will admit, it's a weird feeling that I've never had after a short cut before. Asking for a bob while going much lighter was terrifying for me... but Linh managed to make the cut look elegant, stylish, trendy, and natural, all at the same time. I don't know how he does it, but every other salon needs to take a page from his book.The rates that Linh charges are extremely fair for the services he provides and he is worth every penny. I am so happy to have found someone I can trust with my hair and actually enjoy interacting with... I hope that Be Scene is around to stay for a very long time. HIGHLY RECOMMEND!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,2/22/2014,72,54,3,6,4>I'm a sucker for grand openings and that's how I found myself at 82 Steak Out on a cold Monday night.The concept of this new restaurant is simple and will be familiar to patrons of Medium Rare in Cleveland Park:Choose from two types of salads, choose from two types of fries, choose how you want your steak - and the charge will be $18.82. (Of course, there's a Portobello Mushroom option for our vegetarian friends.)There are several sides and desserts as well as a variety of beers, wines, and liquors that can be added to the bill, too.I had the mix green salad with a steak (medium) and french fries. My boyfriend ordered the opposite -- figures! ---blue cheese chopped salad with a steak (medium rare) and sweet potato fries.Where I think there's some room for improvement is the salad, which was just a lot of greens and two grape tomatoes. I say throw some cucumbers, onions, etc., in there and make it a proper house salad. Or how about shifting to a caesar salad? All you need is some cheese and croutons, but it feels much more substantial than what was offered to us tonight.But, what did I think overall? I think I'll be back.The steak sauce was delicious and definitely was the highlight for me! The service was fast and personal, with the owners coming around to see how our food was. And, the place itself was the right amount of cozy, mixed with industrial modern; perfect for a date night.
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,2/21/2014,49,327,5,15,4>I was about to buy their groupon so I called to see if that had an appt right away. Luckily they did but she said for $10 more you get a real massage (clothes off) instead of just acupressure with your clothes on. I says sure thing and go in. Nice and quiet inside, very clean and friendly welcome. Paperwork takes no time at all and even though I was early they let me in quick. The real massage gets you a private room and the woman came in promptly. She was an assassin with those elbows of hers!! I have a ton of knots in my lower back and other places in was unaware of and she attacked them with a kindness and tenacity that you rarely experience. Strong fingers and a deft touch really worked out my kinks. They threw in a hot stone massage which was incredible and she got on my back and wailed away with her knees. Mind you, all very professional and skillfully done. I would rate them 4.5 stars. It was not the best massage I've ever had but dammit it was close!!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,2/20/2014,27,7,11,13,10>WARNING: The following review has been written by a true Bar-B-Que snob. If you cannot or do not know the difference between hosting a Bar-B-Que and a cookout, do not invite me to your house, nor do you need to read this review. It will ultimately result in you shedding tears and me calling you names in front of your family.  I love the Hardy's. I could and should stop and there because as much as I love them, I don't want my Saturday's to be disturbed by waiting in line behind kids with too tight jeans and too many feelings. That being said I had all but given up on having Bar-B-Que since i moved to the DMV. I hold off on indulging until I went to visit mom in Chi or dad in Memphis  I know I know. Everyone here thinks they know where THE place to go for the pit cravings in the area. I'm disappointed every time someone tells me about the mom and pop shop, that you have to travel to the ends of the earth, know the secret knock yada yada.  I grew up in two of the meccas for Bar-B-Que. The saying, "If it ain't wood it ain't good" is more than a saying it's a way of life. I turned my nose up for waaaaaaay to many months at the thought of Bethesda, that's right, BE THES DUH having good Que. To say this is one of the best and surprising finds that I've found in the area would be an understatement.  All of the meat is smoked to perfection!!! The ribs have the beautiful pink smoke ring that real Que lovers have come to expect. You almost feel guilty putting sauce on them, but then you don't get to have some of Hardy's homemade sauce.  I also opt for the chicken wings on many occasions. The problem with the wings is it's usually an expensive option. I have to get some for eating immediately with no sauce so I can enjoy the smoky savory goodness. And then I have to get wings with sauce so I can warm up later. The brisket is strong but I recommend that you have Mr. Hardy make sure that it is extra hot. And being that he is one of the nicest, most humble guys, he probably won't have a problem doing that for you. All in all, my arteries are going to hate me for making this a Saturday ritual. But every time I eat here, it takes me just a little closer to home.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,7/27/2014,22,164,3,4,3>I had a really great meal here! The service was phenomenal! I wish I remembered our servers name so I can give him allll the props he deserves!A couple friends of mine came here on a Monday to catch up. We got seated at 5pm, for a very early dinner, the restaurant was pretty empty. Since I hadn't seen my friend in several months we were just chatting and kind of ignored the menu. Our server came back 3 times before we ordered but was really nice about it. So, my friend decided to ask "What do you recommend?". Whenever I've asked this most servers respond with the "depends on what you like", so I've basically given up on asking for recommendations. BUTTTTTT our server went into every part of the menu and suggested things he liked from the sandwich section, the pizzas, apps, etc. Which I thought was great. A good wide range, so my friend could decide on her own. We had some crab cake sandwiches (YUMMMM), and some pizza (black mission fig & a veggie). Delicious! Overall, the experience was really positive. No one rushed us out. They let us catch up, have our time, and didn't push us to get desserts (even though we wanted it). I also have to mention, they didn't force a check on us to try to clear us out, which is something I feel like a lot of the busier restaurants have adopted as an acceptable practice.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,7/26/2014,124,212,4,3,3>Wow!!It doesn't matter if you cook or just like to eat, this place is awesome.They have many flavors of olive oil (not Olive Oyl) that you can taste and purchase.They also have many flavors of Balsamic vinegar. I like the 18 year aged.The staff is very friendly, courteous, and knowledgably.STOP being mundane, go get some Oil and Vinegar
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,7/25/2014,80,122,3,7,4>A big fish in a small pond. This small neighborhood sushi place is tucked under apartment buildings but is worth the trip out to sample their delicious morsels of fish.I almost always get sashimi or sushi when I'm here accompanied by a few rolls once in awhile. The sushi lover for two on the menu is a fantastic sampling of what they have to offer: it comes w/ Baltimore roll, shrimp tempura roll, and a dozen or so sushi pieces. Perfect to share. Now I have a new addiction to their Baltimore roll; simple and delicious--real crab meat with a dusting of old bay on the roll.Bottom line is this place has amazing service (cute Korean lady up front who is sweet but you can tell she runs a tight ship) and their fish is so fresh! My favorite is their white tuna. They go out of their way to make their customers happy (which may explain how they're able to stand out as a sushi place in a neighborhood setting).
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,7/24/2014,92,161,4,11,7>Awesomeness!!!! We love King of Corals aka Aquarium One of Rockville. These guys have moved to a huge warehouse style building in Frederick, MD and they have lots of corals and fish for sale. This location is much more bigger than the last. They still carry plenty of fresh water fish and accessories. Customer service is excellent and the staff are knowledgable. King of Corals will satisfy the palette of any salt water hobbyist.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,7/23/2014,428,29,4,10,6>Love love loveeee this place ..... Did I say love? :DNot only is the food fresh, organic, with the menu having plenty of vegetarian options....the ambiance is amazing! There is a full service bar located at this location as well as regular dining and casual couch sitting. My favorite time to come is during brunch - they have great brunch choices as well as mimosas to share by the pitcher. This is definitely one of my top recommendations if you want a casual dining experience that doesn't skimp on quality when it comes to their food! Also, Thursdays they have open mic nights at this location. Great date night or night out with your fun artistic friends :PThe only negative would be that our waitress was very awkward and talked a lot. I really wanted to enjoy my time with my friend recapping last nights events and not have a full on conversation with a stranger.4.5 stars if I could!
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,7/22/2014,41,134,1,8,2>I have now been to Vini Culture twice and have to say I really like the concept! It is a low key fun place to hang around and have a couple drinks at your own pace. The space is bright and clean and a little on the smaller side. Seating is limited but they seem to make the most out of the space with several small tables, high tops, and seating areas. The first visit was made on February first Saturday so naturally it was packed. The second visit on a Sunday was much quieter. There is a decent variety of wines to try at the self-service stations. As you walk in you are greeted by a hostess of sorts, you have the option of pre-loading a card with the dollar amount of your choosing which is then inserted into a machine were you have the option of a taste, half glass, or full glass of wine.  Almost like a soda machine, but much fancier, and much better because this is dispensing wine, not soda (wine always wins!). Price of course varies depending on the wine but it seemed most were $1.50 to $4 or so dollars per taste. It's a nice set up in that it gives you the option to sample, trying multiple wines before choosing what you want and makes it more of an interactive experience than simply drinking at a bar. There is also a bar where you can order wine and a beer selection. There is a separate counter to order food with café type options. We opted for a cheese plate which was priced around $13. The platter had a small portion of three cheeses, apricot jam of sorts, dried apricots, a handful of nuts, mustard and some slices of bread. Everything we tried was nice, my only pet peeve/quasi complaint was that my one last bite of cheese that I was saving for my last sip of wine was cleared before I was done ( I was mid sip so wasn't able to say I wasn't done). The only other quasi complaint was that the space still smelled a little like paint to me, but I am sure with time that will go away.I am sure we will be back to enjoy some more wine as both experiences at Vini Culture have been fun!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,7/21/2014,126,106,3,7,4>Holy crap. I'll be back for sure. Between the delicious pho, delectable spring&summer rolls, and tea (not green tea, it's something different...and SO good), this will probably end up being a go-to spot for me. The pho broth has a touch of sweetness that's a little unexpected, but once you notice it's very pleasant. The grilled chicken vermicelli is SO delicious. A little smokey with lots of flavor, especially when it's combined with the fresh cucumber and noodles. The complementary thai tea is a nice touch as well, it's like they read my mind :) I wish it had bubbles though! Prices are reasonable and the parking convenient...such a pleasant change from downtown Silver Spring. I see this spot becoming a staple in the area, and giving the chain restaurants up the street a little competition. This place is so good, I wrote the review while sitting here eating...yeah. Don't judge me :P***Next time, I'll ask them to make sure the broth is steaming hot***
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2014,7/20/2014,133,187,1,7,4>After taking my ML500 to 2 other shops and they could not figure out what the problem was, I gave this place a shot. Within minutes the diagnostics were done and an estimate was given. My car was back up and running in the same day and price was very fair. The owners are very nice and friendly and do not try to fix things that are not broken and charge extra. From now on , all of my Mercedes work will be done here. Just wish I would have discovered this place before I wasted money on all the other attempts to repair. Can't say enough how pleased I am from the initial phone inquiry to the final solution. Perfect!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,7/19/2014,142,262,3,6,3>Totally in love with this place and their owners. I can't believe I haven't written a review yet. When you walk into this place you feel like you are home, whether you go their all the time or just once. This indeed is the best neighborhood coffee shop.The coffee is really good- which can be hard to find in drip coffees sometimes. The pastries and sandwiches are always fresh and delicious. What sells it though is the sweet sisters, Lene and Abeba. Even when my mom comes to the area, she insists we stop here to say hello to the sisters because they are just that nice.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,7/18/2014,76,458,6,7,7>Haterz gone hate. Looking at you, Joe and Chef. Jk, I don't care.I liked the store. My friend and I hovered outside uncertainly and the drunk guys smoking outside the bar across the street started heckling us to go in, though they were funny about it not offensive. I believe one of them yelled "treat yourself, you deserve it!" You know what sir? I do!So we went inside and the store is small but they packed plenty of DVDs and toys in there. The DVDs were really cheap, starting at around $5. I've been in other stores where they were $40 or $50 bucks. Like seriously? Do you not know pornhub.com exists??? So I've heard, that is. I would never visit such a site.I didn't get any movies but I got an adult game that was only $5.49. Don't be afraid to keep things fresh ladies!The festive holiday window displays are welcoming, even if one is St. Paddy's but the other side still has Santa.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,8/2/2013,28,20,1,1,1>Where should I start?... My friends have been eating here for ages. I've somehow managed to skip all those meals until last night. I've definitely been missing out! It's a small restaurant with a few outdoor tables. It was a warm night so we sat outside. I knew my friends would take care of ordering so I just sat back and stuffed my face. We started off with grilled pita (only a regular might know this is an option), tzatziki, taramosalata and the olive oil dipping sauce trio. The tzatziki is incredible. I think I added it to everything we ordered. Moving on.. The saganaki, basically cheese set on fire.. in a good way, is amazing. Crispy outside with a chewing inside. They pour brandy over it at the table then light the pan. Pretty cool to see. Add it to pita or eat it alone. We ate family style so I got to try a little of everything.. Scallops over risotto, Lollipop chicken, lamb chops over fries, hanger steak and just because..risotto on its own. Everything was seasoned perfectly. Personally I really like the lollipop chicken..you can't go wrong with fried chicken! It's served on top of a Greek yogurt with honey and walnut flavors. I wish I had saved room for desert, their baklava and French toast looked so good I may just have to go back before going home to Colorado. I can't believe I've missed so many meals to this place. It really should be a staple for any Maryland foodies. Great staff, reasonable prices and fantastic food. What's left to say? GO HERE!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,8/1/2013,113,112,2,3,2>I highly recommend coming here for authentic Greek food!! It's a real homey atmosphere and you're just like family!! The staff has been the same since I can remember and always so friendly.One thing: SPECIALTY GYRO PIZZA!!!!!!!!!!!! Everything on a gyro on a pizza? Yes it's exactly how it sounds and just as delicious. The pizza dough they use is so light and crispy and they cook it in a brick oven so it has that great taste.The lunch special platters are enormous and get it with FRIES! Whatever they do to the fries is amazing and so bubbly crisp.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2013,7/31/2013,75,201,2,4,5>Just a short hop, skip and a jump away from the wheaton metro stop, crammed in between a series of...eclectic...shops with a metered parking lot you'll find this decent sized comicbook store. They have collectible figures, trade paperbacks, graphic novels, some t-shirts, a few posters, manga and some storage solutions (longboxes, bags, boards). Quick note on the manga collection - it's relegated to one book shelf and mostly the big-name shonen titles like One Piece and Naruto. I get it, gotta sell what sells - just putting the observation out there. Staff is pretty cool and laid back, most of the patrons are pretty easy going and friendly (there may be a prick or two in the mix but hey these things happen). Overall, it's a pleasant place to browse on a quiet afternoon.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2012,7/30/2013,41,92,2,3,2>I've been coming to Pasta Plus for a while now.  There are some dishes I absolutely love from here, while others just don't agree with my tastes.  But for the dishes I love... well, there's a reason why there's always a line for dinner here.  Don't worry, I've never had to wait an incredibly long time--but it helps that my parties have always been small.They start you off with one of the most colorful appetizer salads I've gotten at a pasta place.  Their house dressing is a creamy Italian, of which I'm a fan.  Their other option is the balsamic and olive oil that's already set on the table.  Someone I dined with had expected a pre-made vinaigrette and was a little jealous of my dressing when our server pointed out the two bottles.I prefer their linguine to the fettuccine because you really get a feel for the difference in the texture of their fresh pasta as opposed to dried.  It's hard to go back.  I adore their Linguine with Clams in red sauce.  Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.  Once, I got them with the clams in the shells.  Another time, they had removed the shells before serving.  I don't know what it is about clams served with the shells removed but they tend to leave me thinking they aren't as fresh (even though they're probably the same).  I like their sauce, which is bright, tangy, with a hint of spice.Their gnocchi in red sauce is also pretty tasty.  Fluffy, with a satisfying elasticity--they're the absolute favorite of one of my dining buddies.  But neither of us are very much experienced with gnocchi so we can't compare it.I've also ordered one of their specials--cornish hen with mushroom risotto, which was well-executed.  I love all kinds of risotto and their mushroom version has a deep flavor that caught the juices from the cornish hen.  I never had cornish hen before, so I enjoyed mine for the novelty.  The texture and flavor were distinctly fowl, and yet different from all the other kinds of fowl I've tried.  But my heart is for the Linguine with Clams.You really have to love bacon for their Fettuccine Amatriciana.  They weren't kidding when they said it's in the dish--the flavor of bacon verges on overpowering.  Someone else I dined with had ordered a calzone, and it pretty much seemed to be a pizza folded in half.  You have now been forewarned about the size.  Order accordingly~Oh, and service has always been attentive and helpful. Go, and enjoy.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,7/29/2013,32,147,3,6,3>Came here last night for dinner with my mom. Not my first time having Thai food, but it was my first time here. We walked right in, were greeted promptly and sat immediately. The service from start to end was stellar. Our very soft spoken waiter was quick, pleasant to deal with, and was very attentive. He was around multiple times to make sure our drinks were full and our food was good.We started off with the chicken satay. Loved it! Chicken Satay is something very close to my heart, so I take it very serious when a restaurant messes up this dish. Thai Cuisine, however, delivered!! Their peanut sauce had a great flavor, the cucumber in oil tasted so fresh and crisp. The grated carrots that come with were perfect and the bread was toasted to perfection. The chicken was delicious and all 5 skewers were good quality cuts of chicken, I cannot tell you how many times I have been to Thai places that use crappy meat where you keep running into weird things...shutter.I ordered the boat noodle soup with pork and my mom ordered the drunken noodles with beef. The boat noodle soup was good, the broth was very spicy hot, but also full of spice. It's a very rich broth and at one point when I was blowing on a bite, my mom asked, "Is there cinnamon in that?!?"...so like I said heavily spiced. I didn't mind it and liked the richness of the broth. The noodles were great and the pieces of pork were wonderful (again, good quality pork pieces), the meatballs were not good, just tasted and had the consistency of being too processed, they did not look good and I ended up putting those on a side plate and not eating them. I am also not a big fan of cilantro and this dish had a bit too much for my taste. Next time  I will be sure to ask for it without the cilantro, just one of my taste preferences and not anything I will knock the quality of the dish for.The drunken noodles were really good. It was huge plate of Thai comfort food. The noodles where those lovely wide rice noodles cooked to perfection in a very very spicy sauce. There were red peppers, green peppers, tomato wedges and great tasting pieces of beef. My mom LOVED IT!Side note: Have extra napkin available because both of these dishes will get your sinuses running like crazy. Gross but true!I would say that this place is a home run. I will be frequenting this place more often especially since I work in the area. Knowing that this loveliness exists right down the street makes me very happy and bonus that the staff (the one waiter we dealt with) was a true joy to interact with.Lastly, if my summation doesn't get you, try this on for size. My mom, who had never had Thai food before absolutely wants to make this place a regular weekly dinner spot for us to catch up. She isn't ever too adventurous with food, but she loved what she had here and she was ready to go back as soon as we set one foot out the door haha.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,7/28/2013,2,9,2,4,3>My husband & I stumbled on Otani last year.  We go 2-3 times a month now, and  we wouldn't go anywhere else for Sushi.  The sushi is ALWAYS top notch.  The chefs know how to make Maki Rolls without putting half and inch of rice around the fish!  They put such a thin layer of rice on the rolls that you can see through the rice!  They don't over-use sauces; they let the flavor of the fish/seafood shine.  They will cusomize a roll to your liking.  For example; I don't like mayo in a Spicy Tuna Roll, so they make it with just Schirachia sauce... Yumm :)The fish/seafood is always the best quality and so fresh that you almost think they're pulling them right out of the water!The ambiance is very trendy, cozy, relaxing and comfortable.  Everything is CLEAN... Everything!The service is always consistant and outstanding.  If you go more than once, the owners will get to know you and remember your name and your preferences.  I'd like to think that they treat my husband & I special because we're so great, (haha!), but they treat all of their guests as if they were VIP's! ...seriously, they do!I really can't say enough about this place.  I'm a very picky person, and I have no complaints about Otani.-Mark & Michelle
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2013,7/27/2013,167,129,,5,2>My experiences at the Founding Farmers in DC are super slow and although the food is good, I vowed never to return. They don't have a large waiting area, because they don't need it. It seemed the parties waiting the longest are the ones that did not make a reservation and even then, I think they got seated pretty quickly. It was a completely different experience here. In order to make sure you aren't caught up in the traffic of waiting and racing for bar stools, you should make a reservation. I made a brunch reservation for 11:30 at this place and was surprised by being seated within 10 minutes of the reservation time. The service was great. We had a baby with us so there were lots of special requests and our waitress fulfilled them all with a smile. I highly recommend the chicken and waffles. They are soo great! The chicken is perfectly seasoned, the syrup is pure maple syrup and the eggs aren't too bad either.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/26/2013,102,254,3,10,4>I've been to a couple of reflexology places in the Bethesda, North Bethesda, Rockville area now and this is (so far) my favorite place. Sometimes, I get unlucky with a groupon deal, but this time, I was so happy I stumbled across the deal.  I had read the reviews on here before going and agree with all the other reviewers.I made the appointment easily (within the same week). Since it's on rockville pike (I think near the woodmont country club) there's ample parking. The receptionist was very friendly and offered water when I first walked in. You sign a little document (like a little consent form) and also specify how strong or soft you'd like your massage. The deal that I'd gotten included a foot bath (while your feet soaked in the bath, they worked on your face, you neck, shoulders, and arms/hands) and a back/body acupressure. Everything was wonderful and the masseuse I had was very sweet. Always making sure to ask if I was comfortable with the pressure and how it felt. It is really relaxing, because the massage chairs they have are large and cushiony and they're separated by floor to ceiling curtains (this location has high ceilings). In the waiting area, there is one of those mini-waterfalls... which made me feel even more relaxed as I was getting my massage. As I came out to the front after my massage, I could barely walk in a straight line, that's how relaxed I felt.I will definitely be back.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,7/25/2013,813,255,1,11,6>I went looking for a food truck, but found that they've opened up a brick and mortar location.  It's very small inside, with only three tables and a few counter seats that face a wall.  Plan on taking your order to go, but grab a seat if one opens up.Based on other reviews, I wanted a Reuben dog, but they were out of corned beef.  So I went Chicago and Florida.  The Chicago had what you would expect, including the sport peppers and the neon green relish.  I've never had one in Chicago, but this one was pretty good.  The Florida version was a beef dog wrapped in bacon, topped with cheese and a fried egg.  I spend a lot of time in Florida, but I'm still not sure of why it's named that.  Sunny side up egg, sunny Florida?  Who knows, who cares.  It was delicious, but messy to eat.The fried pickles were tasty, but the thick batter made them a bit heavy and greasy.  Nothing that the dipping sauce won't fix.  I also ordered a waffle stick, which is basically a waffle shaped like an ornamental Xmas tree, drizzled with chocolate syrup.  It's probably a good way to end your meal on a sweet note, but I ate mine walking to my car.My tab was $20 (without a drink), so you aren't paying hot dog food truck prices.  But you do get a lot of food for your money, and it's tasty.  And the lady taking the orders might be the nicest person you'll meet in any given week.  It's worth a visit.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,7/24/2013,226,296,2,6,2>I'm not a particular fan of hospitals but this one is a good one.I needed to have a "procedure" done as out-patient surgery and this was the place my doctor told me to come.. So, I made the appointment and showed up at the appointed time (7:15am).  First, the parking was great and close to the front door. The person who met me at the front desk (the cutest little old lady you would ever want to meet) was friendly and, after checking me in, walked me to the surgical waiting room. I really didn't have to take long and the intake was short because they had actually called me the week before to get all my medications, etc.. Smooth.Getting prepped for the surgery was a breeze and my wife was allowed in to wait with me until they took me in for "the procedure". (OK. It was a colonoscopy).All the nurses and anesthesiologists were super friendly and the recovery room staff were great. All in all, a very pleasant experience considering I was in a hospital.  Clean, Friendly. Efficient. Competent.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,7/9/2013,10,134,,2,1>Really impressed with my facial--great bedside manner and I could tell she focused more on the area that I mentioned was a problem, which was fantastic. I got a really deep clean, extensive moisturizing, and painless extraction, if a somewhat limited head/neck/chest massage. Also really awesome service at the front desk and financially reasonable membership deal. It was slightly shorter than the allocated 50 minutes, though--and with how great it felt, I would've really appreciated that extra 5-7 minutes! Also, heard some particularly loud customers through the walls into my room, though most of it was really relaxing with quiet music. Will definitely be back, and if I do, it will be for the membership package!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,7/8/2013,28,89,,8,1>LOVE these guys.  Here's the skinny: Moving from 2 places into 1; Columbia and Baltimore to Philly.  Al (Alex) gave me a quote based on the the info i gave him (mind you, i had videos) and he was spot on!  I was nervous based on the rating, but we went with them because the people that actually used them seemed to have good things to say.  Plus they have all the legit backing.Correspondence: all via email (my choice) and even though it wasn't lightening fast, he was straight to the point when he did email back.  Answered all my questions.The move: They had the best rates and he and his guys worked fast, hard, and in the rain!  I don't need uniforms, they had t-shirts with the logos on it and that was totally professional enough for us.  They came in guns blazing, Al included, and got right down to business hauling out the stuff from my townhouse.  They'd ask before taking things out (I shared a house with my sister), but i had it all lines up and ready to go. They even offered to take things that weren't packed.  And they were fast.  Husbands apt was on the 9th floor, so it took a little longer, but they even took stuff out and moved it to the dumpster for him.  I headed up to Philly ahead of them to get the place ready, and they called when they were 30 out so i knew when to expect them.  They unloaded that truck lightening fast and made sure to put everything right where i wanted it.  We asked them to assemble a bed that was already apart when they moved it, and they were more than willing.  All in all, amazing (3) guys.The price: Hands down the most affordable movers.  I price compared with several (talking 5 or so) other companies and they were about half the cost of the next cheapest.  We paid with a credit card and gave them a great tip (deserved!).Bottom line: Use them,  They rock.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,7/7/2013,46,156,,2,1>We live nearby and have eaten at Agrodolce many times. It's tucked away in the corner of Milestone shopping center and is one of the few higher-end establishments in the area. Come to think of it, I'm not sure there are any others nearby. Each time I've been there service has always been stellar and the food equally delicious. I've never gotten the same thing twice and have never been disappointed. They even have an outdoor patio area, where we sat with both of our dogs on our last visit.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/6/2013,138,379,,4,2>As the other Yelpers have suggested, definitely try the Taiwanese fried chicken here. There are plenty of other good establishments for Asian fare (noodle soups, etc.) in the area, so I would pass on that but I swear the seasoning on their chicken is one of a kind. Appetizer-size is big enough to split between two people for a heavy snack; not overly oily like other TW fried chickens I've had in the past, but still very juicy.I was also pleasantly surprised by how soft and chewy the tapioca pearls were--definitely among the better bubble teas I've had. I got the lychee green tea and was also really satisfied by the fact that it wasn't overly sweet and you could still taste the flavor of the tea. Minimal seating and it can get a little loud from the blender, but worth the trip. $10 minimum for credit card use which shouldn't be a problem seeing as bubble tea runs ~$4 and the entrees are $5+.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,7/5/2013,72,215,2,9,4>I was a bit wary about Aroy Thai replacing Yami-Yami (where am I going to get bibimbap now?), especially since I am a frequent visitor of Pho Thom when I want walking-distance pad thai. But, it was my friend's graduation, so I treated him to lunch here and found myself liking the joint. ALSO THEY DELIVER so I can eat pad thai without even leaving campus. SCORE.The lunch special is a really good deal. For $8.95, you get an appetizer, entree, and drink (they specify which you can get). I got the crispy spring roll, pad thai, and Thai iced tea. The spring rolls were REAL hot, which was nice but did catch me by surprise! It was good, considering the day was a bit dreary. Pad thai was good, Thai iced tea was good. I have no real complaints about this place. Food came out after a short wait and did its job. I brought back my pad thai to finish later and it was just as good reheated.I think the lunch special is definitely a SUPER good deal, PLUS the fact that this is a Thai option that delivers is a mega bonus (they are on GrubHub).
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/4/2013,69,495,2,4,1>Not sure why this place gets such bad ratings... some of the dishes we ordered were real good. Really enjoyed the spicy beef dish we got, the beef and shrimp noodles, the spicy chicken, and some sort of fried dumplings... I thought the worst item we ordered was the S12 buns/dumplings, lol (*edit* everyone loves these things... maybe I'm just not a fan of these kinds of dumplings?) Wasn't really a fan of the ginger duck dish or pork belly either. Pork belly was just pork belly with a hoisin sauce on it... and they weren't even thick slices! As for the duck, that dish was really smokey tasting. Hard to eat. They gave us some type of free beef dish too! How nice of them! People complain about service, but that's bc they're white, lol. Tables are a little close, not a big deal to me. I could see how girls don't want to be all next to some random asian men next to them though, hahah. Our server was nice, and came easy to get a hold of if we needed anything, but she didn't speak much english. I like me those restaurants where they don't speak english though. I get more authentic food! Most of the time.... Btw, packed for lunch on a wednesday. Cash only too, I think...
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/2/2013,7/3/2013,335,383,2,5,6>I have gone to nearly every gym on the Pike- Ballys, Fitness First, Anytime Fitness, Gold's Gym and most recently the Rio Sport and Health. I've gone to LA Boxing too. Machine Pilates at FinallyFit. I've done p90x.  I've had personal trainers, including TRX. Nothing has come close to the experience I've had at Crossfit Extreme.I have gone to this Crossfit 5x in December and I'm hooked. Yes- it hurts like hell. Yes- your body is wrecked for days. It totally sucks while you are doing it. But man- when you realize that you can survive it- and then the next time you go and it's fractionally easier, and in your every day life you feel stronger. When things that used to get you winded no longer phase you, when you feel weird because you went on vacation and now you're not at all sore and you actually sort of miss the feeling...When your tolerance for physical pain increases and you realize that it was always just mental and you push yourself a little harder each time. That's Crossfit at this location. I cannot speak for Crossfit in general- but Caleb and Christian the 2 instructors I have had the privilege to work with so far have been incredible. The people there are also so encouraging! They are rooting for you and they know where you are coming from. The location has expanded and relocated to behind the Rockville Metro now.UPDATE: Guess what- 2 months into it- I'm no longer sore the next 2 days the way I used to be- I'm still sore- but my body clearly has gotten a lot stronger and can handle it now. Also, I've lost 7 lbs since my first workout- of course I'm also eating cleaner now then I was- but I think there is a definite correlation.Update: no longer at this gym due to changes.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2013,7/1/2013,26,111,2,2,3>I love this place.  Unbeatable selection and prices.  Crazy friendly staff that offers great suggestions.I went in looking for a particular chardonnay (Cameron Hughes Lot 238), which is no longer made.  The owner told me to try a different wine which he said was similar.  I was skeptical, but of course gave it a go... what a wise choice!  He knew exactly what he was talking about.Favorite beer and wine store in Montgomery County, by far.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,6/30/2013,133,187,2,2,3>I love this froyo shop. It is extremely clean. No crumbles of granola in the chocolate chips, no drips from fruits but completely sparkly toppings area.So many fresh fruits, chopped and whole candies, cereals, nuts and syrups that it takes me a hot minute to decide on my concoction of the moment. Today I could not decide between original or vanilla so the smiling employee actually came out from behind the counter with little tasting cups and gave me hearty samples of both. I went for vanilla with loads of sexy fruits on top. Fresh plump blueberries, raspberries, mango, pineapple, lychee and kiwi. Then I added a dash of mini chocolate chips. All this right at 4$Lovely seating area inside and outside. Great customer service Many flavors offered as well as so many toppings you could go every day of the year and never have the same mixture. The texture is very firm and does not drip liquidy upon first pull.I hope they have bananas foster next time I go because I am so going to try that one.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2013,6/29/2013,136,1232,,5,5>Solid neighborhood Italian restaurant, and definitely a gem for a date night.  It may even be one of the best Italian restaurants I've had in the area.For appetizers, the arancini was perfectly assembles with the risotto and that tiny bit of mozzarella in the center. I liked the cheesy, creamy like sauce and balsamic dressed arugula, but my husband preferred a marinana sauce instead. That's more personal preference, but still everything on the plate was delicious. The grilled octopus appetizer special was also excellent. The octopus was perfectly tender and grilled just enough to get the charred bits. Safe to say this place serves be most tender octopus I've ever had.Pastas were great. The ravioli with the pistachio cream sauce was excellently seasoned and the pasta perfectly cooked al dente.  My husband's beef ragout ravioli was absolutely delicious and our favorite. The beefy, savory wine sauce with the pasta was delicious and not like anything I've had before.  After having these raviolis, I definitely want to go back and try their other dishes.  Their pasta and entree dishes were unique in offerings that I didn't find a spaghetti and meatballs or fettuccini Alfredo on the menu (which probably means this place is above and beyond that). Though I have to admit, the portions were on the smaller side for the pasta dish price point.  But then you do lay for quality, which makes it worth your while.  And it's probably for the better.  Remember the last time you had a pasta dish that was larger in portion but not as good and made you leave the place like a lead brick was in your guts in the most in satisfying way!  You might leave this place heavy gutted, but at least you had a great meal worthy of the efforts.  Lets just say the pasta dish portions are "responsible"- on the smaller side, but what you get is enough to satiate yourself during the meal, especially if you want to give yourself room for their appetizers and desserts. Which I highly recommend.Desserts were great. By far the best cannoli I've had. Their rendition with orange rind, rose water in the marscapone lightened the filling. The pistachio crumble, chocolate and raspberry drizzles, and the smaller three shells made the dessert more accessible,not overwhelming and overall delicious. I think this gives the NYC, Boston Little Italies a run for their money.Don't let the pics deceive you. This may look like your ho hum resto next to the Exxon, but the dining room is elegant (need an updated dining room photo), and even the hostess speaks Italian and brought her Italian parents to dine!  Come here for a dining experience with great Italian food.  A great MoCo/R'ville gem!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,4/19/2013,69,495,6,4,4>Came here to try me some mofongo. As a random asian, I can't really tell you how this taste in comparison to what it should taste like. I can only give you a perspective from a fat guy's point of view... So, for our order, we split the Carne Asada, Fried Chicken mogongo, and the Pork Mofongo. The carne asada had a delicious flavor to it. Not your typical carne asada bc it's drenched in this delicious sauce. The mofongo was good, but the meat was too dry for my liking. Very crispy though. I guess it depends on your preference. I thought the best thing we ordered was actually the family sampler platter. I could come here for the platter and drinks and be totally satisfied! Not much parking out front, and the waitress barely spoke any english... but luckily I came with spanish people, so I was good to go.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2013,4/18/2013,69,278,3,1,2>Yet another new asian/noodle place in College Park - not that I'm complaining!  I hope this place sticks around because I love me some noodles and this place does them well.  I had the Cantonese Wide Noodle with seafood and it was soo good.  The portion was ridiculous so I had more than enough for two meals.  If I wasn't trying to lose weight for my honeymoon I would be here in a heart beat!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/17/2013,138,379,4,10,6>4.5 stars, and I am confident that a second trip here could bump this up to all 5. This is, hands down, one of the best new restaurants to hit Route 1/College Park recently. The decor is clean, simple, and modern -- which is refreshing when most of the establishments nearby consist of either fast food or drunk food. Even if you are dining in, you first place your order with the cashier. There's about 6 appetizers you can choose from, and a wide range of entrees, which are grouped by protein type (tofu, mushrooms, etc). The combo, which comes to about $9 with tax, includes a side--either white or brown rice--the entree, and your choice of salad/soup/beverage. They also take your order on an iPad, which I thought was very cool.A HUGE plus was that if you ask for a water cup, the water fountain isn't connected to the soda machine. They actually have two separate plastic towers off to the side filled with drinking water... one of them even has lemons flavoring the water! Considering that I always ask for lemon with my water, I was really excited to see this. The food comes out pretty quickly and is plated beautifully. I ordered the eggplant basil tofu with brown rice... it was delicious! Seasoned well, not overly salty or oily, and a hearty portion of both the tofu and eggplant. It was also rationed well against the rice, so the two were a perfect pair. While my friend raved about her wonton soup, I really enjoyed my lychee green tea, which comes in a cute glass teapot heated over a mini candle. I didn't expect to arrive starved and leave comfortably full after eating a meal void of any meat, but I was definitely content at the end. Ovo is a great change of pace from the other restaurants in the area, and is nice enough to be suitable for a date. The service is friendly and attentive, and the food is both healthy and tasty. Even if you consider yourself a carnivore, give Ovo a try and you will be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2013,4/16/2013,164,337,,6,4>Came here last week for a celebratory dinner and couldn't have been more pleased with the experience! We had a party of 8 with a reservation. We were seated to a nice big table right when we arrived. The waitress was really friendly and fast with the bread and drinks. They have a nice selection of meat, seafood and vegetarian options on the menu. I ordered the Eggplant Parmigiana with the vegetable medley instead of pasta. It also came with your choice of a garden or Caesar salad. You really get a lot of food for your $ here. Everything I had was exceptionally delicious! Other people ordered chicken parmigiana, gnocchi, lasagna, salmon and shrimp. Everything looked fantastic! They have a really nice dessert menu too, the tiramisu and apple pie with ice cream looked amazing. Prices are pretty decent for the fabulous quality of food and drinks. The location is really convenient to Rockville and Olney and there is lots of free parking. It's always nice to try a family owned place over the typical chain restaurants.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,4/15/2013,794,1145,5,9,12>What a great store!  I believe this charity shop is run completely by volunteers.  Everything in the store is just $5.00!They have evening/prom dresses for $5.00!  Not everything is upscale resale, but you may find stuff from Talbots or The White House/Black Market.  They have a nice selection of purses and shoes. I bought a pair of hardly worn Naturalizer  heels for yes, $5.00.  The shop is 90% for women, with a wall of men's clothes.  The worker told me a complete store for men will be opening up soon next door called Phil's Closet. (As in  philanthropy)All proceeds from both stores benefit a charity called Success in Style  to help men and women with outfitting themselves  to dress for success in their careers.It's a win-win for everyone..  I plan to be back, along with those suits I don't wear anymore.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2013,4/13/2013,101,70,2,3,3>We had a great Valentine's day dinner at Ziki! We made reservations knowing it would be a busy night and were immediately seated on our arrival. I heard some people who walked in being told it was a hour and a half wait. Our hibachi table seated 10 and we had Alvin as our chef. The food was wonderful! I had the filet minion and shrimp and my date had the steak and lobster. As for most hibachi places we had a great show and for those of age we had saki shots included in our dinner fun being shot into our mouth from across the grill. They have an amazing home brew pineapple saki behind the bar! Ask for it! Dinner for 2 will run you around $60 plus any drinks you have. We had a great night and will be back to test out their sushi another night!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,4/12/2013,132,258,,4,4>What can I say that hasn't already been said? The cocktails are delicious, the staff is super friendly, and the environment is super chill. I think Jackie's is perfect for starting the night, a date, or to sip a cocktail while playing pool (FREE). I am so happy I live in downtown Silver Spring so I can visit Jackie's whenever I like. Which I wish could be everyday, but that is probably no so healthy. *sigh*
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,4/11/2013,237,360,4,7,8>Arguably, Stella's and Saint Michel's Bakery are among the 2 highest rated bakeries in the Rockville area for their pastries and bread.  Having heard that this place is the go-to-bakery in Rockville by some, I had to ask how they stack up against my #1 spot in Rockville (St. Michel's).FIrst let me say that it's an apple to orange comparison because Stella's is a Greek bakery and the St. Michel's is a French bakery.  They sell completely different line of pastries and sweets (with some overlap) and they have different styles of preparation from their respective countries so  I decided to base my review solely on what I ate.Everyone raves about the tart at Stella's.  They have 4 types: pear, apple, peach, and almond and they come in two sizes: 3inch-ish one and a 8-9 inch full size tart.  For starters, all of the tarts were well above average and I especially continue to enjoy eating a slice of the peach tart every morning.  The tarts have generous portions of almonds and fruits and remind you of Eastern European baked goods (which in my experience are not overly sweet and on the lighter side).  As for the issues,  the almond tarts were slightly burned and its smell permeated throughout the entire tart.  The general issue I had with all the tarts was the crust.  It had a very raw taste and I could smell the flour.  The one thing I'm not certain is whether this was intended to be b/c this is the way Greek tarts are prepared or not.  Either way, I felt that more shortening is necessary to make it crispier and wholesome, but that's my personal preference.  By no means does it take away from the rest of the tart (b/c I enjoy it) but it does leave a bit more to be desired (kind of like having a great glass of wine that starts off on a high note and has an abrupt finish).As for the rest of goods, I tried the baklava and other sweets but nothing really stood out (average: less than 4 stars). I felt that Upper Crust Bakery in Silver Springs was the champ for those types of pastries but unfortunately, they are closed.So in summary my recommendations: 1) Peach tart   2) pear tart    Average=a little above 4*.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/20/2012,4/10/2013,45,25,2,3,2>We are tired of the yuppie rich section of 'new' Bethesda, so we thought we'd try a place in the older side that we hadn't been too before. After a bit of walking around and looking at a few places, we ended up here. So here are my impressions:--Rotisserie chicken entree - wow, top notch. And this comes from someone who as eaten a lot of Peruvian chicken. This is one of the best ones I ever had. Moist (I hate this word) and tender (I also hate this word), and perfectly seasoned. Comes with two sides and a salad.--House salad - very fresh, lots of veggies house fries - small shoe string ones, nicely fried with but sprinkled with herbs and so/so feta.--Waitress - was very nice and giggly, but often couldn't answer our questions about the menu--drinks - try the Vergina beer (I know, I had to take a pic of the label and post to FB). Great lager beer. Retsina wine - unique white wine that has pine it in it - a great compliment to balava or a sweet dessert.--Veggie platter - my wife got this. Falafel - dense and so-so, spanikopita - nice and flaky, humus - fair, with small salad and pita tips (pita was quite good) and side dish.--Ambiance - we sat outside under the awning, which was pretty cool as they had a giant live grape vine growing across it with giant grapes hanging under it, as well as lights put in.All in all this is a place I would go to again. While we didn't have any of the grilled meats or giros, the smells coming from the kitchen area smelled great, and judging from the other reviews people are impressed.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,4/9/2013,3479,394,27,29,27>Yet another friend celebrating their birthday.  This whole birthday deal is getting to be expensive, which leads me to believe that friends are overrated.  This friend is a Thai food snob so when she suggested Indian and mentioned this place, I breathed a sigh of relief.  Indian food is right up my alley and Jewel of India?  Catchy name and within the realm of Indian restaurants in the DC area, it definitely fits.    Located in the Hillendale Shopping Center in Silver Spring, Jewel of India is across the parking lot from Giant.The decor is intimate with dim lighting and warm color schemes.The service is pretty good as they utilize a team approach to taking orders, delivering dishes, busing tables, refilling drinks and rice, etc.The food was fantastic.  We ordered the Garlic Naan, Samosa Chat, Boneless Tandoori Chicken Tikka, Chana Masala and Chicken Makhani. The Garlic Naan was hot, light, crispy, moist, buttery and balanced.  You could taste the garlic but it was nowhere near overwhelming.The Samosa Chat is definitely a unique dish.  When I saw it, I was thinking....WTF?  It consists of samosas split open and covered with spicy chickpeas, minced onion, cilantro, yogurt and tamarind sauce.  Despite looking like some type of chili or bbq dish, once you start digging in you realize how everything comes together perfectly.  You get sweetness, tang, spice and salt.  You also get different texture components.  Pretty good appetizer dish.  The Boneless Tandoori Chicken Tikka is comprised of chicken marinated in yogurt, garlic, grounded spices and cooked in a clay oven.  WOW!  The chicken super moist and succulent.  The chicken was also flavorful as you picked up the spice and smokiness but it was on the subtle side.  One of the best chicken dishes of any type that  I've ever had.  While the chicken pieces were nice sized, there were only like 5 of them, which is my only complaint.  MORE PLEASE!The Chana Masala dish is made up of chick peas slowly simmered with pomegranate seeds, cooked with onions, tomatoes and spices.  There are a lot of layers of flavor with this dish.  I guess I've been spoiled by the chick peas from Kabob Palace because these were ok but didn't really wow me.  I think it wasn't spicy enough for my liking.The Chicken Makhani features barbecued chicken cooked in a creamy tomato sauce.  Another home run!  The chicken was moist and tender.  The sauce was creamy and packed with flavor.  They made for an excellent pairing and once you mix them both with some rice.....YUM!  There was a decent amount out of chicken in the sauce, which was also a plus.  The restaurant offered a really nice gesture by creating a complementary birthday dessert out of random ingredients.  The star was the Gulab Jamun (glazed rice ball), which was tasty.  There were also a variety of sauces (chocolate, raspberry, fudge, etc.) that all seemed to blend well together.  This whole meal cost roughly $70.  That's one drink, one appetizer, one bread order and three entrees.  All things considered, it was definitely worth it.  There are a lot of Indian restaurants in the DC area but very few of them balance a nice decor, great food, good service and relatively decent prices like Jewel of India.  I will definitely keep coming back!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,8/25/2013,15,43,1,2,1>We've seen many shows here (no classes).  As a children's theater it's first rate.  Great seating with wide aisles for easy ingress and a quick egress, high chairs, etc.  The stage is big and bright.  Often kids are invited to sit on the carpet up front.  There is nice cafe and gift shop as well.The perfomances have steadily improved, but sometimes lazily staged, making it harder for the kids to understand what is going on.  Actors may be on a plane with only someone holding up a model airplane to connote the mode of travel.  Scenery is sometimes left unchanged.  A WWI trench served as the backdrop for not only the war, but a child's bedroom and the jungle in a production of Dr Doolittle for example.These quibbles aside Imagination Stage is a fun, entertaining venue to see children's shows.  A little bit more attention to how to communicate the story to younger minds is all that's missing.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/24/2013,794,1145,13,14,14>Pete's opened today, and it wasn't crowded when I arrived, but after an hour it was filling up fast! No worry, this Pete's is huge!I ordered their weekday $5.95 special:  Two slices of apizza and a Puck's all natural fountain drink.  No Coke or Pepsi here!  The pizza was fresh out of the oven, hot, and cheesy! I was stuffed, and ready for a nap at 12:00!  If you're a thin Neapolitan style fan, you'll love Pete's Apizza (pronounced ah-BEETZ).The cashier was a bit frazzled, but he got it right in the end.  There was someone bussing tables, so you don't have to do it yourself.  Also, there were a lot of upper management folks overseeing everything that was going on.Perhaps the best part of my visit was running into the effervescent Nikkia G! We shared a table and talked about all sorts of Yelpy things.Discovery HQ folks have a new lunch option in DTSS.  I'll be back.  Pete's is directly across from the Wayne Ave garage, and there is metered street parking if you're lucky to find a spot.
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,8/23/2013,76,458,2,1,3>Finally, Facebook served a useful purpose and told me about today's grand opening! Sweetgreen is operating on limited hours, from 11-4, but everything is free and they're only suggesting you make a donation to some charity, the name of which I've already forgotten.I've actually never eaten at sweetgreen so this was a great chance to sample the menu. I ordered a July Salad for me and a Kale Caesar for my mom. As you smart yelpers can guess, the July is their seasonal salad, which is mesclun and baby spinach, peaches, goat cheese, and toasted almonds, with balsamic vinaigrette. While all the organic ingredients are fresh, I'm a little disappointed. I was hoping for plenty of peaches and only got a few lonely dices. I doubt I'd order it again for $8.The Kale Caesar, which is kale and chopped romaine, roasted chicken, parmesan cheese and parmesan crisps, with Caesar dressing, was really good! Kale is all the rage right now and I can see why because it was a nutritious but tasty way to spice up a Caesar salad. The staff asks if you'd like light, medium, or heavy dressing, and with a light squeeze for me it was delicious! That's something I'd definitely order again soon!The lemonade is great too, not too tart but not too sweet. Sweetgreen isn't really a cheap lunch place but you get what you pay for. For me, the local and organic ingredients are worth a few extra bucks. Definitely come here if you're trying to eat better, or just want a light(er) lunch.P.S. I made a decent donation since I got 2 salads. I'm not a total asshole!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,8/22/2013,81,187,,4,4>Many people say Georgetown Cupcake is overrated and overpriced, but I think they are just being haters. I've never seen the show so I am not being biased or anything.I love baked goods and have tried many cupcake places (Magnolia (in NYC), Baked & Wired, Red Velvet, Classic Bakery, CakeDreams, YoCake, Lilly Magilly's, CakeLove, Sprinkles Cupcakes, etc). $2.75 is the norm and is actually cheaper than CakeLove and Baked & Wired. My top three cupcake places are Magnolia, GTC, and Baked & Wired.  Those other places are always lacking something or something is just not right, either too sweet, not sweet enough, too dry, or frosting looks and taste like plastic.  I've been to Georgetown Cupcakes plenty of times over the years, even the Georgetown location when I worked in that area.  I've never been disappointed and the quality is always the same.  The cupcakes here are fresh and the cake is moist.  I do not think the frosting is overly sweet or rich. If you think it's too sweet, then you should take it as a sign that you're getting old and can no longer handle sugary goodness anymore!They have a good amount of flavors to choose from. I usually go for Vanilla Vanilla and Red Velvet. So good!   Every morning they post a secret flavor on Facebook. If you are one of the first 100 to order this flavor at the store, you'll get it for free! :)
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,8/21/2013,36,65,3,12,5>I've been training here for five years.   The facility went through some upgrades last year and now they have a really cool lounge for members.  The classes are awesome, all the instructors are helpful and cool.  I've been taking BJJ and boxing and I love it.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,8/18/2013,27,55,3,3,1>"So what place do you want to go for lunch?""That Curry Place is pretty good, I've heard.""No, like, what's the actual name?"Yup, it's actually called the Curry Place, located next to a Peking Palace. Say it out loud and it sounds like something out of an ethnic Hansel and Gretel. It looks like it'll be quite disappointing, considering it's literally the size of an extended bathroom at Bloomingdale's. I dragged my boyfriend here since I'd heard good things about this spot, as well as noting the favorable reviews on yelp. Note to any people who think that Indo-Chinese cuisine means Indonesian-Chinese cuisine: don't be like me. It doesn't mean that. This is Indian food.So the night before, determined not to be an ignorant dweeb, I'd gone through the menu and studied everything on it so I could pretend to be well traveled and cool. However, when we arrived at 1 PM, it was actually lunch buffet only. Seems like they might only serve actual food for dinner. But no complaints, because the lunch buffet is a great way to figure out what exactly you like without having to commit and bemoan the fact you just paid twelve dollars for what looks like a plate of goat intestines bathed in squid ink. It's only ten bucks a person on weekends. so for the price of an entree, you can eat...well, any entrees you want.I'm usually not a fan of indian food at all, especially after some nasty incidents with kabobs that looked like turds. However, this place definitely has rekindled my culinary curiosity. Their lunch buffet might look a bit disconcertingly small at first, but let me say it is definitely enough. Everything seems extremely well-made, without drops of grease the size of your eyeball or heavy doses of msg that make you scramble to drink from the nearest fire hydrant. Their samosas were very good. My favorites from the lunch buffet were their chili chicken and the fried flour puffs with chickpea stew, kind of like a chat papri. Samosas are always a classic with me, and their vegetarian ones were very good. The first one I got, however, had a huge chunk of what looked like Mr. Potato Head's nose - basically, a huge chunk of potato. This makes me believe that they actually make everything themselves, but I could be wrong. Tandoori chicken was also great, although don't be like me and confuse the green peppers for green beans. Those things burn. You absolutely must try the Goan fish curry - my boyfriend is a natural enemy to all coconuts and even he liked the coconutty, rich, subtly-curried taste of the fish. Did I mention that the buffet comes with a generous serving of homemade naan bread? And that the desserts - mango custard and gulab jamun - were quite good? The gulab jamun is very, VERY sweet, though. I mistook the gulab for meatballs and put it in my chicken. Not recommended.Servers were great, constantly were around to fill up waters without being annoying. Owner was friendly and cheerful. One thing that could be improved was the fact that they don't seem to replenish the food, and I had to literally dig around the curry like I was fishing in order to get a piece of meat. I'll definitely come back for the actual menu items next time!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,8/17/2013,91,68,,2,1>Lets get to business!Restaurant: Hubby and I came in for a late lunch/early supper (3:30-4:00) for the first time on a Thursday. It was not busy at all and we were greeted by the entire staff from behind the counter. You come in and either order right then and pay, or sit and decide then go up to the register to pay. Its small in the main area, but they've expanded the eating area next door (we didn't eat in that area). Its very plain, not a lot of super Asian flair or any type of decor. Also, the kitchen is open to everything. Staff:Very friendly! Our food came quickly and the short haired girl working the register was very animated and helped the rest of the staff as well.Sushi: The sushi menu is not extensive,  but the staff is willing to make substitutions so if you don't see a specific roll, you can ask for it. The spicy tuna became the spicy salmon with no problem and instead of just an eel roll, an eel avocado. The fish was very fresh, which I am very careful about. The spicy salmon roll was perfect, it didn't kill me with spicy mayo and the fish wasn't mashed into fish goo. It was pretty much left as whole pieces and the eel avocado was not drowned in eel sauce so I could actually taste my roll. :) The eel was firm and the avocado wasn't brown at all. The rice was flavorful! The slight flavor of the rice vinegar is what gives another dimension to sushi!They don't skimp on the filling here, the rice isn't just filling up your mouth with a little bit of fish. The rolls are thick...the star is the filling!Hot Stuff: Had miso soup, shared the crispy squid and Hubs had the chicken udon and chicken teriyaki. The miso was very good, it wasn't just 'salty soup'. I could taste the miso and the sweetness of the scallions, they made the soup well. Crispy squid was delicious and delicate, the sauce complimented it well and it wasn't greasy from being fried. Hubby didn't like the udon so much, it was a bit too slimy for his tastes but he liked the teriyaki very much.The sushi is about $3-$4 a roll, miso is a dollar and the hot entrees are $5-$7. Its crazy crowded (line was out the door!!) on the weekend dinner times but I see why. We will definitely be coming here again and again.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/16/2013,809,288,6,18,13>My new vegetarian go to around the way....Why can't we get more of these sorts of places? The food is delicious and the customer service is great. For starters I had the enoki fries, which are these thick  and hearty mushrooms that are seasoned and battered. Funny because there is no oil that stands off any of the dishes. Entrees by themselves run about $9, appetizers and snacks $4 and $5.For my entree I had the mushroom protein in pepper sauce with onion and green peppers served with brown rice.  Very good dish! The agave sodas are really sweet, but not too sweet, they have a lot of different fountain drinks that I have never heard of. Soda is not my racket so I can take it or leave it.There are lots of  dishes to try so I definitely will be cultivating this relationship over time. Really pleased with the reasonable prices and you can call ahead for pick up!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,8/15/2013,8,31,1,3,2>I freaking love this place. It's my go-to Sushi dive. They have, by far, the best Sushi in the area. They also have other great dishes, like the crab tartar and the bulkoki. Their Udon noodle soup is delish. Oh and their list of special rolls is about three pages long, and they usually have fun specials. The staff is solid and friendly. Every time we go, they end up giving us a random free dish to try. It's a great opportunity to try something new and we usually end up ordering it the next time we go in. Seriously, I love the food here.One note, don't bother making reservations, they won't honor them and they don't have to. The food is great and they are often packed. If you go around 4:30-5:30, you should be able to nab a seat. They're worth it. So worth it.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,8/14/2013,29,492,,4,3>**** Awesome haircut experience *****I was yearning for a new style.. you know the feeling.. you wake up one day & realize you're in a hair RUT. Well, I love my stylist at Lux in Bethesda; however, I wanted to try someone new.. it's good to shake things up every now & then. :) This was actually my 2nd experience here.. I think my 1st visit was in 2007 with a junior stylist and I was happy w/the experience but at the time I lived/worked in Silver Spring so Kindle & Boom wasn't convenient for me. Anyhow, after reading the awesome Yelp reviews, I decided to give this place another try. I called on a Saturday morning requesting a same day appointment and Nancy had an opening that afternoon.. lucky me!!!  I arrived a few minutes early & she got started right on time. I was greeted with a smile and Nancy did a fabulous job of asking lots of questions to get an idea of exactly what I wanted. She directed me to Juseta (spelling?) who practically put me to sleep when she washed my hair. Between the neck massage and aromatherapy, I was in heaven... had a nice little 5 minute siesta :) Not only was I really satisfied with my cut, but I loved the fact that Nancy was incredibly talented AND personable. She recommended a few hair products but wasn't pushy with trying to sell me stuff. With over 20 years experience, Nancy knows what she's doing so it was worth the $70 price tag. The salon was super clean & there's plenty of free parking. The vibe is modern/upscale... minus the snotty clientele. If you decide to give them a try, ask for Nancy and tell them Nicole R. referred you :)
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/29/2013,44,182,,4,2>Yum! Came here for restaurant week dinner and will definitely be back! Restaurant week is an extra bonus because you can choose anything from the whole menu, as opposed to only having 2-3 choices per course. Everything was delicious, and our server was extremely nice in letting me know exactly which dishes I could have with my food allergies. Our table of 5 had:Appetizers/snacks:- Crispy plantains & guacamole- Chorizo pigs in a blanket- Crispy calamari- Crabcakes/apples/raisins/mustard sauce- Arugula salad with orange and beets (GF)Mains:- Big Shrimp and Gouda grits with andouille sausage - two at our table had this and said it was phenomenal!- Portabello and asparagus risotto - nice and creamy!- Mustard glazed salmon (I subbed sweet potato fries and asparagus!) - yum!!- Jumbo lump crabcakeDesserts:- Trio of ice creams/sorbets: pistachio, coconut sorbet, peach cobbler, and guava (you could choose)- flourless chocolate cake (DIVINE and gluten free!) with coconut or blackberry sorbet. Coconut sorbet was great too. - guava cake with guava ice cream and guava compote - tri-fecta of guava goodness!Can't wait to go again on Monday or Tuesday for all day happy hour (or 1/2 priced wine on mondays!). Restaurant week is a must, such a great deal!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,10/28/2013,36,65,6,9,6>Ok, if you are hardcore foodie, this may not be the place for you.  But considering we're talking about Clinton, MD here, I think Japan Express hits the spot!  There isn't even an OPTION for sushi/japanese food for miles.  Now, I actually don't like sushi, so I've only tried their hibachi meals and other items on the menu.  From the outside, it looks like your typically corner chinese food place, but it's better than that.I had the seaweed salad, which is my measuring stick for any japanese restaurant.  I loved it, just as good as most others I've tried.  I tried the teryaki chicken roll, I really enjoyed that.  It's their teryaki chicken, rolled in rice and seaweed.  Thumbs up!I had the teryaki chicken with fried rice and veggies.  It's not as good as real live hibachi restaurant, food cooked in front of you, but it was yummy.  The rice was well cooked and flavorful, the chicken was sauced up nicely.  Wish there were more veggies, but how many ppl like veggies as much as I do?? ;-)
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,10/27/2013,2,1,,3,1>My coworker has been raving about this place for a while now. We were out of the office and decided to stop of lunch.  I got the pastrami with everything.  Let me tell you...totally worth it. It was the best sandwich I've had in a very long time. I did have to wait a while to get it, but it was busy since it was lunch time.  Very worth the wait; I'd get it again.The store is on the small side, but it has a homey feel to it.  It actually reminds me of a small, family owned Italian store from my hometown.  They also sell gelato, fresh pasta, and other Italian goods besides the standard sandwich sides (chips, beverages, etc.).I would definitely recommend this to anyone who is in the Silver Spring area!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,10/26/2013,92,343,2,5,3>What a lovely surprise La Canela was in Rockville Town Square. It was a sunny day, but things cooled down in the evening as we went to eat, bringing our dog along. Regardless of being the only table seated outside, service was surprisingly attentive. Everyone was super friendly and social and they even doted on the dog! As you'd expect with a classier place, all the food was presented in a beautiful fashion and tasted amazing. The waiter was extremely helpful in pointing out the best dishes and we left full wishing we had time for dessert.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2013,10/25/2013,27,285,1,6,2>I can't give this justice in under 5000 characters that Yelp is allowing me.  Believe me I have been... TRYING..  But I have to litteraly chop this review down by half in order to post it.I had multiple tastes of the cocktails and food items on the menu with friends in tow.  A  simple and tasteful place.  An old building, with original tiles and mosaics still on the floor, something worth saving truly.  There's a hint of edge, as the overhead music blurts out some Karen O vocals, then some Black Keys, Foster The People, seemingly unmistakable but showing that this isn't just your ordinary fine dining experience, but an expression of the head chefs vision of what he wants you to feel.Drinks first.  The cyprus I had, elegantly touched with a nice lemon peel.  Even with Dickel it still sung with it's lemon kiss, but hint of sweetness still giving light.  Other rum/gin based cocktails were heavy on zest, giant aromatics, and spritzy light quality served in elongated stemware and tulip shaped.  But don't ever bet against whiskey cause it always wins.A simple amuse to taste as a purple macaroon with foie gras enters it's creamy center not exposed.  One bite, with the classic sugar snap and melt, provided a butter center and a trip back to my childhood.  Frolicking in the French meadow with delights of foie gras huh at 6 years of age?  Nope, but this was literally like a store bought candy that I have had as a kid, and it's driving me nuts thinking about what the name tastes and flavors that I had of this amuse reminded me of.Menu items are noted with the main ingredient in bold.  Nice touch.  It doesn't confuse, and it highlights the dish, with the subtitles coming with little kisses of flavor here and there.  I can't describe the detail, I don't have enough room to give it justice.  Yellow Tomato with crab, a complex tasting gazpacho, Softshell and celeriac with garlic oil, devine.  Calamari while not nice looking on the volcano plate, explodes in campfire smoke and bacon with gnochi butter softness.  Tuna tartare... lime bursting and myriad of flavors, the chicken with the sides that upstage it, perfectly succulent beef, and simple but well crafted desserts and on and on.Everything is wonderfully plated and looks fantastic.  Prices are extremely reasonable for the quality of food you are experiencing.  It's a huge BARGAIN!This isn't the best food I've had, or even the best service.  This was extremely attentive, well dressed and ready to pull out all stops.  It was without question above and beyond mostly for the PRICE you paid for the items.Even after 4 simple items I was pleasantly full and had my fill.  This is an environment with an exquisite touch, extremely thought out menu, giving with wonderful service, and delicious crafted food, at a great price.I need to come back here, I don't care how far away it is, Brian has crafted a fantastic experience. Get out here, put on your best dressed shirt and tie, and come.  I don't care about celebrity chefs, and the wooo ha that is now the bane of culinary Hollywood.  I have never seen Top Chef, or could pick Mr. Voltagio out on the street even if I got smacked with an olive loaf.  All I know is this is a creation that was done with someone who really cares and the results on the plate show it and a tribute to his roots and Maryland.  I am coming back lord knows how but I will.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,10/24/2013,809,288,7,6,5>Final Report on the  "everything but the kitchen sink/minus the tripe"  beef PhoPho VN One vs Pho D'LightAnd the winner is new comer Pho D'Light!Pho VN One's #6 was tasty, but the broth was not as flavorful as Pho D'Light. In addition to this, I found Pho D'Light had better cuts of meat.On the other hand, Pho VN One's variety is far greater with over 10 combinations to choose from. However, over all Pho D'Light's"everything but the kitchen sink/minus the tripe"  beef Pho is an undisputed  K.O.!This has been Toya J reporting to you LIVE ladies and gentlemen!
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,10/23/2013,177,258,3,2,2>Burning Love Roll $13 (5/5 NOMs)My sushi roll is on fire! I mean really, its burning. My love is burning for you. That is one fun roll, love how they served it with real fire right in a center of heart shape. Its not just the fire thats burning, but the spicy salmon, masago and flaming spicy sauce on top. Balanced well with fresh rice, avocado and crab sticks. It becomes a nice mix of very spicy kick with soft light texture. My new favorite order with amazing presentation and flavors. This is a perfect dish you should order on a romantic date.Flying Dragon $16 (5/5 NOMs)My hunger is mightier then a dragon. Time for some sushi roll fun. Its so pretty! We always make sure to get dragon roll from sushi places because of presentation. Isn't it beautiful? One of the most dragon rolls to date. California roll with one of the most nomnom thick piece of whole eel on top. Comes with a little kick of masago sauce on top. You just have to stop by this place and try this roll.Lobster Lasagna Roll $13 (4/5 NOMs)Its a whaa roll? Yeap, you read it right, its a lasagna roll. Kind of strange looking little pile of sushisness. No wonder its a pile, they packed a lot inside like grilled lobster, craw fish, avocado, cumber, scallion, masago and special sauce. It doesn't really taste like lasagna, but still an excellent sushi roll. With so much going on there is always a flavor surprise. You just have to stop by this place and try this roll.Pumpkin Soup $5 (5/5 NOMs)So pretty I'm sad to eat it. Ever thought of a soup with fall flavor? Mhhh pumkiny ginger flavor with a little kick. It goes down so smooth. and tingly With deliciousness crispy ginger strings and croutons. Very rich and gooey soup with out overpowering the taste buds. Perfect for a cold weather, you just got to try it.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,10/22/2013,93,114,4,8,5>*NOTE: starting (ed) 9/8/13 they are now serving Brunch on Sundays (again) and have great football happy hour specials all day long...YAY!!Was here early on a Saturday evening and there were 5 at the bar and 5 seated tables...it did get busier but not full.Cocktails are very tasty and creative and range from $11 to $13. Wine was about $9/glass. I had a Hemingway Daquiri garnished with a giant grapefruit zest/peel and my friend had a Pisco Sour (pretty with the egg white foam but not my fave) and 2 glasses of Pino Grigio. My drink was strong and very delish.We decided to share and started with dog bites ($7 for 4) and 3 ways of bacon ($8 for 2). The mini corn dogs were perfect and served with a Natty Boh cheese sauce and the best peach-dijon sauce. The bacon were thick cuts of house-cured pork belly!! OMG...so crispy and perfect! I was sad there were only 2 long slices. Served with the same peach-dijon, maple-sriracha and a spicy BBQ. I could have stopped there and been a happy camper!!Next were perfectly seared scallops ($18 for 5) served over an orgasmic corn puree (I wanted to lick the plate!!) that tasted like a buttery creamed corn and mac and cheese ($12) with crab ($6). I could have eaten another plate of scallops because that plate was so delicious! The mac and cheese had the same Natty Boh cheese sauce which was very tasty and a nice crunch topped with crushed doritos. Don't get me wrong the mac and cheese was good, but it did not "WOW" me like all the other dishes...I think I would have added bacon or fried chicken for the flavor and the crunch factor (plus, I am not a die-hard crabby).Dinner was rounded out with a really large cinnamon roll ($7) that I swear was covered with 1/2 a stick of butter!! My friend could not stop eating it!! It was very rich and yummy but I would have chosen the strawberry shortcake...next time!! They have vegetarian and lots of gluten free options!!It is a cute little place with leather couches and chairs in the lounge. It was a little pricey for my taste but if you grab the Groupon, it is a definite "NO NOT MISS!!!" I saw a sign for UNLIMITED MIMOSAS for brunch which would bring me in even without a Groupon!! ;) The staff was very friendly and very helpful in choosing dishes. The manager served food and even stopped by our table twice to check on us. I would have given this place 5 stars but the crab mac and cheese was good but not outstanding...a solid 4.5!!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,10/19/2013,68,138,3,4,5>pho yum yum! this place is my vietnamese dream come true, and whaaat in MD too? this place gets my coveted 5 star pho restaurant rating - i only give 5 stars to one type of cuisine bc that makes sense, right? pnn is definitely deserving of a really great restuarant!the food is always fresh here and really really tasty. i havent tried anything but the pho here because i can never make myself get anything else, even though others definitely order other items off the menu. they give you HUGE portions, the small has so much noodle even my stud of a husband is full. also, the fresh spring rolls are so fresh they usually come out hot. yes! i've frequented many pho places and the food, cleanliness, and ambiance here is just so much better compared to the others. and the prices are very, very good, two people can be really full here for $20 including tip! and the vietamese iced coffee? omggg!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,10/18/2013,158,143,3,6,5>Sichuan cuisine at it's suburban finest. That smoky, dark red, crazy spicy sauce on your dish stares at you with fierce intimidation once it's dropped off on your table. Yea, it has eyes and it senses your fear, taunting your taste buds before you even approach it. But when I'm armed with a bowl full of rice and a pot full of tea, that spicy elixir has got nothing on my chopstick fury!I typically come here during their dinner service and I highly recommend ordering from their Appetizers and Chef Recommendation offerings. I haven't ventured too far from the dishes on those lists because there really hasn't been any reason to.A few personal favorites of mine:+ Dou Miao: Stir Fry Pea Shoots with Garlic. Not a spicy dish, but when these vegetables are in season, they require very little extras to make their freshness stand out. One of the few vegetables dishes I'm willing to actually order when I'm dining out. + Kou Shui Ji: Saliva Chicken. Cold/room temperature steamed chicken (don't worry, it's not dry at all!) doused with an intense spicy sauce. The prickly ash oil slightly numbs your lips, yet the sesame oil and chili draws you back in for more.+ Fuqi Feipian: Thinly sliced beef and tripe. Similar sauce as to that of the above-mentioned saliva chicken, but with the additions of cilantro and peanuts. There are a few dishes that I've tried that I will actually steer you away from, and those would include their spicy wontons (lacking) and the xiao long bao soup dumplings (tough skin, likely frozen).Just a heads up for dinner service - you'll be greeted and seated with menus, but you'll have to actually go up to the cashier to order your food.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2011,2/27/2013,29,131,3,3,3>Want to escape from the crying babies and loud, disruptive people from your typical theaters?  The AFI Theatre is a great alternative.  The ticket prices are identical to other theatres ($10), but the experience is not.The theater plays a lot of independent films (new and old), and older classics from Office Space all the way to Casablanca on a regular basis.  They also play new films that were recently distributed on video.  The theater also shows a lot of great documentaries.  The food prices are a bit cheaper than the other theaters, but they use real butter on their popcorn and serve a decent selection of beer.The movie rooms are tiny, but the screen is large and the seating is stadium format.  This makes the movie experience a bit more intimate than the large movie rooms you typically see.  The staff are friendly and the theater is pretty clean (no sticky floors, yay!).  The usual folks that frequent the theater actually seem to appreciate movies, rather than come here because they have nothing else to do and want to be loud and animated with their friends.  This is good for me because I'm a huge movie fanatic, and I appreciate film - with the result of me demanding silence during a movie.  I feel I can get that respect here - which means I'll keep returning for sure.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,2/26/2013,46,124,3,4,2>Im a bit surprised this place is rated so low overall, but then again I do remember things that I did not like. Though, overall my experience has been 4 stars.   I love their sandwiches and soup.  The Cyrano de Bergerac is a last meal on earth heart attack stuffed between two pieces of rye bread.  Basically, I love it.  The chicken salad sandwich that I had was pretty good, not the best that I have had but decent.  I love the matzoh ball soup, It reminds me of my grandma's chicken and dumpling soup.  The only thing wrong about the soup is that there is not enough chicken and too much noodles.  I have had the choco chip pancakes and they taste better than me trying to make themCertain foods that I would not get at woodside deli:  Eggs, those cheap ass chips thrown at your sandwich, the corned beef hash (thanks to a server's recommendation that is comes from a can).  My bf loves eggs, but every time he orders them at woodside they don't look bad but def don' look special either. .Basically if you go to order their speciality foods like matzo ball and pastrami, you won't be disappointed. The other stuff I personally don't have the best experience, but I also rarely order the other stuff. So, maybe go someplace else to order the typical diner food and go to woodside for the deli and specialty foods .
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,2/25/2013,76,458,1,5,2>I'm in looooooove with Massage Heights!I paid the introductory price for a 90 minute massage w/hot stones added on and it was less than $100. I was placed with Will, who did a phenomenal job. I explained I like firm pressure but not quite deep tissue and he nailed it. Totally got the knots out of my shoulder!I ended up buying a six month membership and I'm sure it's going to be worth every penny. It's $60/month for a 60 minute massage, so you're basically pre-paying a monthly massage. However, you can add-on 30 minutes for $25, which is what I plan on doing since I prefer 90 minute massages. $85 is a steal for 90 minutes! Can't wait for November so I can go back!For being in a strip mall, Massage Heights has a surprisingly serene environment. The waiting/reception area is brightly lit due to the big windows but once you're led through the double doors, it's all dim lighting and dark wood.The various receptionists were all friendly and patiently answered all of my questions about buying a membership.**************************************************­*************************************************Edited 2/27/13I took an appointment with Steven recently because Wil was already booked up for the only day I was free. Avoid, avoid, AVOID! I'm sure Steven may be a nice young man but he was so awkward, as in asking questions at random moments during the massage. Worse, he didn't listen when I said my right shoulder/upper back was really bothering me and spent most of the time on my lower back instead. Lastly, when I got home I realized he didn't even offer me aromatherapy, which is an included elevation for members. It was not a relaxing experience and I didn't feel any better than before the massage. Learned the hard way to never cheat on Wil!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,2/24/2013,465,197,,5,2>After just one visit, Cute Tips has won me over - I had the best experience here today. It was such a stellar experience that it warrants a same-day review!The technicians at Cute Tips know their customers - I noticed that every customer that walked in was greeted and the owner and the technicians knew all of them by name. For the 45 minutes that I was there, I heard constant chatter about family, friends, etc. - all personal topics. As a first-time customer, I felt welcomed and warmed with great conversation and a good atmosphere. The Food Network was playing on a big screen TV in the back, and the venue is very clean and well-kept. Additionally, I noticed that there were only a few technicians and a few seats - Cute Tips books their appointments well so that only a few people are inside at a time. Thus, no customer feels crammed and has to wait too long for a manicure. My technician, Dee, did a meticulous job on my shellac French manicure. She carefully filed down my nails and applied the polish - my nails felt so cared for, and I am so pleased with the result of my manicure. I'll definitely be back in a few weeks once I need another manicure.Cute Tips is on the pricier side - $35 for a shellac manicure, $40 for my French. However, the warm atmosphere of the salon and the way the salon's employees know their customers on a personal level will definitely have me coming back. I'll write again in a few weeks for an update on how my manicure lasted.Tip: You can pay for the manicure with a credit card, but tips are cash only!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,2/23/2013,44,53,,5,3>Great Peruvian establishment with some Cuban dishes as well!My boyfriend and I have been here twice and each time we've enjoyed every bite!  I've had the paella (which is absolutely DELICIOUS..and you get huge portions of fish for $18!) and the beef skewers, which are extremely tender and delicious when dipped into the Peruvian sauces they leave on the table!For drinks we had some sort of Peruvian beer (can't remember the name) and Pisco sours!  The beer is comparable to Corona or Dos Equis and is pretty good!  The Pisco Sours are DELICIOUS! We've tried the alfajores for dessert (thin, round, biscuit-like cookies with dulce de leche in the middle) and some sort of orange-colored ice cream that tastes almost caramel-like.  Both were delicious! The staff is always very nice and helpful, and although it is a bit pricy, the quality is well worth the money you pay!  My boyfriend also brought his mother here (who grew up in Peru) and even SHE was impressed with the quality of the food!I definitely recommend giving this place a shot!  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,2/22/2013,303,800,3,4,6>Ever since TurboTax effed up my taxes in 2009, I swore I'd never use a software tax filing service ever again. Even as an Asian, I'm horrible at math and accounting (video games too...sigh) so I knew it was time to find an accountant.I've been working with Jonathan Cohen as my CPA for the last 4 years and it's been simply fantastic. I had a complicated (or what I thought was complicated) situation when I first became a client (multiple jobs/ living/working different states/trying to start a sole proprietorship) but Jon made it a breeze! He is extremely easy to work with as he is friendly, professional and incredibly knowledgable. Any time I have a question, he is very quick to reply via email or phone and always explained it in a way that I would understand him. I highly recommend Jon (or any of the other associates at CHC) looking for help with tax prep- they're the best.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2012,2/20/2013,172,998,18,5,4>I needed to get my nails done ASAP in time for a wedding that is slowly approaching around the corner. With my tight work schedule, I couldn't find a salon that was able to take me in right at 9 AM and get me out within an hour for a manicure/pedicure. Everyone insisted it would have to take at least an hour and a half. Sure enough, it only took an hour at Cindy's!I called to make an appointment the night before. I arrived early (8:50 AM) and they were actually able to take me in right away. The technician I got was Rachel (Phong) and she was so sweet. She helped me decided on a color, and gave me no problem when I said I needed to be out in an hour. I even told her to nix the massage if need be. She managed to get them in with good time. She was really nice and down to earth. Didn't ask my very many questions and didn't make me feel uncomfortable talking to the other girls in Vietnamese while looking up at me every once in a while. This is how I knew she was the one for me. She did a fantastic job doing a regular plain old manicure/pedicure. She had me in and out and that's exactly what I was looking for. The prices are average for the area. I normally get the shellac french manicure/pedicure which is a lot more, so I was willing to pay $37 for everything altogether.Parking is easy.The place gets busy even at 9:30 AM on a weekday.Some of the technicians don't seem the nicest or happiest, but Rachel was great. I definitely recommend her for a comfortable and laid back experience - for sure.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2012,2/19/2013,102,185,,6,3>I really loved the Rockville location so I thought I would give this location a try.  I have to say the massage was so great it put me to sleep.  I came here on a Friday night around 6pm.  Sam was my masseuse.  I asked for a foot massage and also to work on my arms and hands a little.  Sam had me soak my feet while he massaged my arms.  Then he gave me one of the best foot massages I have ever had.  It was so relaxing and it really relieved all my tension.  I might treat myself to this every week.  I'm glad I can customize the massage to how I want it.  That's what I especially like about this place.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,2/18/2013,22,37,2,2,2>I got a job in Bethesda right near Vace about 6 weeks ago and this is my favorite place to go on my lunch break!! The pizza is out of this world! It has a nice crusty bottom but it's soft and cheesy and saucy and wonderful on the top! The ingredients are so fresh. Getting a slice of pizza is such a good deal at lunch time. They also have so many other good things on their menu. All the subs are great and they have fresh mozzarella. Thursday through Sunday they have spinach stuffed foccacia and if you go around 11 am it is fresh and just coming out of the oven. I also love love love the meatball sub and the empanadas! I am really just a huge fan of this place overall. The frozen pastas and sauces have become a staple in my house. The people who work there now know me and they are all so friendly. I am SO glad I found this place!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,2/17/2013,30,47,5,5,4>Ok what kind of review can I write when you can walk into a place and order any kind of fish, have any kind of side added, get any kind of cake you want and then walk out without spending more than $15 bucks?  The seafood is cooked perfectly, I had to wait a bit for my salmon but ok, I would have waited at home and had to stand up and cook it my own damn self.  While some of the sides look like they have been there all day they still taste sinfully delicious and you won't regret it.  I saw from Alex the prices went up in 2013, but ok didn't everything?  We are still talking less than $15 here people.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/5/2013,46,156,4,3,1>I didn't think it was possible to fall in love with a grocery store...and then I walked into Wegmans. I've never been to any Wegmans before and with all the hype that surrounded this one, I was sure I was being set up to be disappointed. Just as I figured, it was PACKED when I got there on Sunday morning. Despite the crowds, the employees were friendly and helpful and checkout was a breeze. Even the other customers who were milling around seemed courteous, albeit quite a bit frazzled. The store is very large. The seafood and meat departments were by far the most chaotic part of the store. The aisle isn't very wide and everyone seemed to be going in the wrong direction, no matter which direction I was travelling. Overall the layout of the store is kind of strange and will definitely take some getting used to. They have a HUGE organic department. I don't buy a whole lot of organic food, but if I did, it looks like this place carries just about anything you could be looking for. The produce department was full of fresh fruits and veggies. In fact, the whole store was fully stocked. I couldn't find an empty display anywhere I looked.The prices are way less expensive than Giant. I was pretty surprised by some of it. The price for a gallon of milk here is the same as 1/2 a gallon at Giant. The regular price for individually packaged chicken is $1.99--nearly 2 dollars cheaper than Giant. There were a handful of other items that I saw in the store as well and it's safe to say it's considerably less expensive. I also think it's safe to say that I'm a convert and plan to switch completely over to Wegmans for my weekly grocery shopping trip.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/4/2013,113,112,1,8,8>I was shocked to find a restaurant with such high reviews!! Me and my bf are pizza fanatics so we had to come. Got the pepperoni and margherita and it was so good! Very thin and soft with a chewy bubble crust. Tomato sauce is insane and out of this world! The sauce and high quality ingredients make this place. Also the people there are SUPER nice!!!! So glad it's in Rockville so I will be back as often as possible!!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,10/3/2013,75,201,3,9,5>I don't know why I didn't go into La Malinche before. I walk past it all the time doing my errands or on my way to other destinations in "the spring" and I always linger at their poster harping their DAILY happy hour (yes, even on weekends!) from 4pm-7pm or their brunch offerings. I always said to myself "hm, interesting" and move on. Well finally I decided to give their happy hour a try and came in with a friend on a rainy evening, which worked on our behalf because we were actually able to get seats at the bar (which is on the small side btw). From what I hear it can get crowded so it's best to try to lay claim to a chair eariler during happy hour. I started out with their blanca sangria which comes with peaches and a hint of cinnamon, I also tried their cava sangria and didn't enjoy it as much as the blanca sangria. I had the datiles - bacon wrapped dates stuffed with Monterrey cheese and the meatballs - LOVELY. My tastebuds are still having dreams about those dates *drools*. My homette ordered the chips with gauc and decided to hit up the regular menu for a skirt steak w/potatoes. Everything was DELICIOUS! and even though it's in smaller portions you still can't help but to feel full, fulfilled and ready to do the "happy food dance" as you exit the small restaurant. I'll definitely will be back and brunch is on the 'to devour' list. If you live or work near here definitely try them out!
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,10/2/2013,32,147,2,8,5>A down home country store and a true Frederick landmark!!!Two words...Apple. Butter. It is the must get here. On toast with a little butter or just by itself, oh my gosh, soooooo good. I am a bit of a fiend for the stuff, I may or may have not had this on cottage cheese once before and thoroughly enjoyed it :), ok ok, you got me, I still eat it on cottage cheese! The McCutcheon's name has been a staple in the fridge growing up. My parent's always made sure to have apple butter on hand because it is just so good and you WILL have hankerings for it, you can even just eat it by itself with a spoon right out of the jar. Plus, to this day as a twenty something lady, I am still experimenting with other stuff you can put McCutcheon's apple butter on.Another McCutcheon's must have is the apple cider, it's so refreshing. In the back of this store, there is a ginormous barrel that holds their delicious apple cider for you to sample.Synopsis: Forget Musselmans apple butter, get the real deal stuff from McCutcheon's. If you are not in the area, I believe McCutcheon's is sold in some stores, however, you can purchase it online.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,9/29/2013,24,115,2,5,1>Fantastic selection, from houseplants to vegetables to fruit trees to annuals.  Their perennials section is particularly impressive, and they highlight local plants through their BaySafe labels.The staff is also extremely helpful and friendly.  Want a dwarf lemon tree for the back porch?  Of course you do--just ask what you'll need.  Or maybe a killer bonzai?  Attend one of their events and learn how to do it right.  Herbs?  Seeds?  Tools?  Birdseed?  Grass seed?  This is your place.It's also a lot of fun to just wander around, getting ideas.  It's like garden of eden, except you can buy it...and leaving isn't quite so dramatic.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,9/28/2013,335,383,3,3,4>About once every 4-5 months I agree to go to eat TexMex because frankly I just don't like it. So my poor husband who LOVES TexMex is very particular about where we go because he's unlikely to get it again any time soon. When I suggested going to Villa Maya, he was skeptical because it was risky--- what if he didn't like it? But I agreed we wouldn't wait as long for the next TexMex meal- so he agreed to try it out.When we got there, we saw the cart with the freshly made guac rolling around- SCORE- we both love guac. We asked her to make it extra spicy. Our first bite, we looked at each other and said- "is this even a little spicy?". About 5 min later, the guac lady came back to our table with a bowl of freshly chopped jalapenos and said, "I just tasted the peppers and realized they aren't spicy- so I got more." and then she mixed them in for us. It still wasn't super spicy, but it was delicious and we were impressed that she came back to make it spicy for us. Later on in the meal, the manager came around and told us the fresh guac happened to be free that night because they were promoting it! Score!!My husband said his fajitas were great. They didn't give a lot of tortillas though. My daughter's taquitos was really tough. I had the margarita/daiquiri swirl drink and it was delicious. I ordered dessert instead of an entree- I had the fried bananas with ice cream- the bananas were a little small and mushy. Overall- we liked it and I think we will be switching our goto place from Guapos to Villa Maya from now on.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,9/27/2013,138,379,,6,3>4.5 stars. FINALLY, a place with ramen that doesn't make me feel like chugging water here. There are only 4 choices for ramen here, including miso and charsiu, that range $10-$12. The portion size is definitely enough to fill you up, especially if you also split an appetizer. The noodles are perfectly chewy and don't get soggy; there was also a sizable serving of meat in my charsiu ramen. I highly recommend adding the spicy flakes in that mini plastic bottle on your table if you want a kick. I was very pleasantly surprised that the broth wasn't too salty, which is always my main complaint at ramen bars. I also got a salmon onigiri (rice ball)($4/ea) which was delicious. I would have preferred raw salmon instead of the grilled, shredded pieces, but the texture of the rice was a great complement to the salty filling. My boyfriend and I split the fried chicken (kara age) appetizer--much better here than I have had elsewhere. Though most likely still quite unhealthy, the chicken wasn't greasy at all and I loved the katsu sauce it comes with. A meal for two will run ~$40, but the service is attentive and the food is both authentic and delicious. I hope to come back to try some other things on the menu! Note: minimal seating here; there's a bar area but only about 8 or so tables with seating between 2-4. Other entrees run around $16-20 and include rice/curry/tonkatsu dishes.* Update: came back here and tried the tonkatsu curry and... DROOOOOOOL, I may end up ordering this over the ramen every time. Delicious curry sauce that pairs so well with the crunchy-skinned katsu and tender pieces of chicken in the curry itself. Huge portion size that's well worth the price.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,9/26/2013,614,994,18,15,10>Wait...HOW have I not reviewed the most delicious place in the DC area?????????1) they have grass jelly and pudding in addition to tapioca balls.  BTW, grass jelly is ridiculously far superior to tapioca balls by a landslide.2) get the Taiwanese popcorn chicken.  Not *quite* as good as the ones on the streets of Taipei, but good enough that it keeps the yen-su-ji cravings at bay.3) spicy beef noodle soup.  With extra pickeled mustard.  The beef is so tender it's like eating a baby (I lie, it's more tender and more delicious than a baby).  Don't tell my mom, but I love their spicy beef noodle soup more than mommy's.  If you don't see/hear from me again, it's because my mom has put a hit out on me.4) I know I talked about the popcorn chicken already...but seriously...IT IS JUST THAT GOOD that I need to bring this up again.  Like, you may think "aw man, I'm not going to find this stupid place just for some pop-chix that I can get over at KFC"! And if you think that, you are a fucking moron.  This is delicious.  It's so delicious that my husband learned out to order this in Chinese after one bite.  Yes.  THAT DELICIOUS.5) Pork sauce on the rice.  So, if you order a chicken cutlet with rice...or any rice dish (that isn't already saucy), they put this CRAZY ADDICTIVE DELICIOUS PORK SAUCE ON YOUR RICE.  I know, you're thinking "pork sauce? Fenny, are you drumk again?".  No.  This is ground up pork that's been fed with crack.  Then it's stir-fried with crack.  And spooned over your rice.  I would use the word "crack' one more time, but I think my point has been made.Is *everything* delicious here?  No...but enough things are fucking delicious and close enough to the way it's made in Taiwan, that I'll take it.  Let's face it, it's cheaper than airfare to Taipei and I don't have to deal with TSA.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,9/25/2013,80,121,1,9,2>We used College Hunks for our very short move within our apartment building, so we went the labor-only route.  James and Omar called ahead of time letting me know they were on their way, and they were very punctual. They gave a brief history of the company, surveyed what we needed to have moved, the apartment we were moving to, and then they were on their way. They were very professional, efficient, and friendly.The ONLY reason why I deducted one star was NOT for the service, but because of their 2 hour minimum policy. Because my move was finished in less than an hour and I basically live down the street from them, it was a bit frustrating to have to pay for double the time that was actually needed. Don't get me wrong, I was definitely informed of this 2 hour minimum during my first call to them and I accepted it because I desperately needed movers. It just would have been nice if they could be a little more flexible about it.Overall, I would definitely recommend their moving service (and it'd be particularly worth if you have a larger move).
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,9/24/2013,132,258,2,5,1>While I want to publicly applaud MIPC for their stellar service, accommodating staff, the ability to make an appointment online, and the COOLEST doctors ever, I don't  because I don't want all you sick people getting in my way when I need to go see a doctor STAT.This place is just plain awesome as far as urgent care centers go. Yes! You can make an appointment online- for URGENT CARE! Who knew such thing existed. It's not even that easy to see my regular doctor.And the location couldn't be beat. I live in downtown Silver Spring and was able to walk to the doctor. Yeah, you read that correctly. I WALKED to the doctor when I was feeling under the weather. Usually, I have to take a cab, bus, or metro. I remember when I had pneumonia, I took a cab to the doctor and then a cab to the hospital! I probably wouldn't even have gotten pneumonia if I could have walked to the doctor. But I digress... MIPC is so clean, so new, so awesome. If you are sick, or getting sick, or need antibiotics, or an inhaler, this is the place to go. It's wonderful.
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,5/13/2013,24,115,,7,3>One of the best places in Silver Spring, period.  Fantastic food and more than reasonable prices.  I will become a regular here in short order.It's certainly more like a cafe than a restaurant, and you order from a counter and sit where you want.  There are also El Salvadorian groceries and produce, including bakery items, which all look good.  It's a somewhat small space but it is clean and well maintained.  Long story short:  they have no pretenses.The menu is full of great options for both breakfast and otherwise, but as it happens I've mostly had breakfast food here.  They prepare their eggs a bunch of different ways which gives you lots of ways to mix it up each time you come.  I also like the leche con cafe, which is better than any latte I've ever had.  They do a hot chocolate with El Salvadorian chocolate which I will have as soon as I go back. [UPDATE:  hot chocolate is amazing.]$1.75 pupusas has got to be the best deal in the area.  The combinations with side dishes and other entres are incredible and everything I have had here, from the beans to the coffee to the smoothies, has been outstanding.  I would come here for any meal that doesn't require dressing up.  Best of the best.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2012,5/12/2013,76,60,2,3,3>Anytime I want to trick myself into thinking I'm a healthy, health-conscious, earth-conscious, mind/body/spirit aligned adult, I trek on over to Yuan Fu & mack down. I LOVE this place for so many reasons that I have to make a list:1. The Lunch Buffet (until 2-ish) - two or three dishes with white or brown rice for something like $7.99 - Awesome for first timers to get a variety dishes for an awesome price.  - Try the Kung Pao tofu & the braised eggplant with basil: major happiness in my mouth.2. The Lunch special menu - $7.50 - $8.95 for one heaping dish with soup or dumpling/spring roll & rice. 3. Their fresh juices: generally watermelon and carrot are available.4. Amazing, super friendly, super efficient waitstaff who are always happy you came around. I love them. They'll make recommendations, too, if you ask.5. The fact that everything I have ever tasted here has been awesome!  From the Sesame/Spinach Pancake to the Hot Pot Tofu to the savory Curries.  I can't wait to go again with a giant crew of peoples so I can try more of the menu-goodness in one sitting. Who's in?
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,5/11/2013,813,255,6,9,6>Pho House should really be my go-to spot, but my intrinsic laziness always leads me to closer pho.  The pho is great, but they really excel in two other areas where others fail...spring rolls and cafe sua da.  The spring rolls at Pho House are made with rice paper, which gives them a crispiness that you don't find elsewhere.  And the cafe sua da isn't premade, like at most other places.  Letting it steep and mixing it yourself just makes it taste like coffee, not the mocha-flavored chocolate milk found elsewhere.In between these, you have the pho.  Big bowls, with a strong broth and plenty of whichever meat you choose.  Every now and then they've had mushy noodle syndrome, but I can live with it because everything else is so perfect.Update - February 2014:  I had to push them back up to five stars.  The pho has been on point every visit lately, the bun bo hue is one of the best in the area, and the bánh mì with spicy mayo is killer.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,5/10/2013,103,330,3,3,3>If you come with a cantonese speaking person, it will be even better.  I've been here several times and usually order the duck wonton noodle soup with veggies which is pretty good.  I also like their soy sauce chicken and ask for the minced ginger sauce on the side.  Their house special fish and their salt and pepper shrimp and scallops are really good too.  The roasted pork and duck is pretty good but I've had better in other places.  They have Americanized chinese food too but I would go with someone who knew how to order and get the authentic stuff or just ask them for recommendations.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,5/9/2013,137,178,5,7,3>Do you know the Mufffiiin Man?!?!?  Why yes, I do know the Muffin Man and his muffins are yummy for my tummy!  I've had the chocolate chip and blueberry muffins and they are delish!!!!  First of all, they are big as my head (well, not really, but almost) they're moist and always fresh!!!! Haven't ventured out and had any of the exotic flavors like guava or tropical lime, but if they taste as good as they look, I'll be a happy camper! On to the food, let me preface this by saying I'm not a Caribbean food kind of chick, but my coworker told me about the Ziggy Wings, so I thought I would give it a whirl.  Well, I wasn't really impressed.  They were just okay.  They weren't good enough for me to get again.  I can't really put my finger on it, but they were missing something.  My boyfriend had the Jerk chicken and he loved it.  He said it was the perfect amount of spice and flavor.  My brother in-law comes here frequently and loves the food.So, the actual muffins gets 5 stars but the Ziggy wings gets 2 stars.  Not sure if I will try any other food here, but I will definitely be back for more muffins!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,5/8/2013,72,85,4,4,2>Man this place is awesome! I said I was going to have my birthday party at Dangerously Delicious Pies (insert shameless plug here) but now I want to challenge all of my friends to paint better pottery than me. We do date night every Wednesday and try to make it interesting. My girlfriend has been choosing some pretty stellar places recently, (trapeze, baseball games, etc.) This place great. The staff member working was super friendly, professional, and explained the art of water color to me like I was 9 (which I asked for, my skills are sub-par). I chose an epic skull & crossbones mug and my girlfriend chose a nice three section dish (to hold girl things). The first thing I was stoked on was the amount of paint colors, textures, and crazy stencils this place has. I was able to get super creative (i.e. messy) on my mug, and what's better is if you make a mistake it wipes right off. The most impressive part to me was seeing a lady and her two kids walk in at 7:20 last night (they close at 7:30). She insisted that her kids paint something, and instead of kicking them out, the employee, in the most calm and friendly manner I've ever seen, let the kids paint, but reminded the mom that they will, unfortunately, have to leave at 7:30. I would have lost my mind at that lady, to me that's just super disrespectful and straight up not using your brain. Kudos to the awesome employee for keeping her cool. Take your kids here, they will love it. Take your parents here, they will love it too. I'll be back for sure!!!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/7/2013,142,262,6,6,4>FINALLY!!!! I've only been looking at the burgundy awnings for La Madeleine for two months waiting for the doors to open up and today they did (WOO HOO!)Décor---They have outside seating and their signature- a fireplace- in the middle of the restaurant. I must say though, I don't get the French country feeling from this place, more like modern contemporary. That's mostly due to the inside being white tile and sparkling since it's new.Staff -- REALLY friendly- clearly excited about their grand opening. At least 5 people greeted me with a "Bonjour! Welcome to La Madeleine" as I walked in the door. Food--Of course they have the standard menu with lots of fresh pastries in the display window (my reason for driving to the Bethesda location regularly). I got the bacon egg & cheese ($7) and it was delicious; however you may want to plan for some waiting time. They don't make them as fast as say Dunkin Donuts BUT  for good quality food you already know you should expect  a little more time and $$. You get what you pay for & I was quite pleased. I'm really excited for this addition to my neighborhood. Score one for yet another non-Ethiopian establishment in downtown SS!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,5/5/2013,18,58,,2,1>Hubby & I stopped by here yesterday, Sat. Jan 14, for a couple drinks before our reservation at Grace's Mandarin. It was our first visit, and we were very impressed by the decor and friendly staff! Candice & Jessica were the two ladies running the show and they really seemed friendly and knowledgeable about the different wines and the different restaurants in the area, as I picked their brain a bit. The music was really great- it took me back to middle school / high school with smooth R&B jams. The ladies told us they were having a live latin jazz ensamble later that evening. I liked all of the wines I sampled, but for some reason can only remember the 2011 Jam Jam (a Mascato). Hubby & I have been looking for a decent wine bar since moving from Richmond, VA where we frequented the Wine Barrel.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,5/4/2013,180,122,,3,1>This place is pretty popular. A great place for lunch, happy hour, or dinner. The service was outstanding.Our party ordered age tofu, sashimi assortment, and chicken teriyaki. The last two entrees came with miso soup, house salad, Osaka Yaki, and rice. I loved the house salad with a ginger-vinegar dressing. The Osaka Yaki was quiet interesting in a good way. The Age Tofu - soft, silky tofu lightly battered with panko flakes, garnished with bonita flakes, and served in tempura sauce. The sashimi assortment consists of thickly sliced fresh fish - 3 pieces of salmon, 3 pieces of red tuna, and 3 pieces of white tuna. The chicken teriyaki - tender white meat from the breast - was served on cast iron dish in a sweet teriyaki sauce. As a way of saying thank you for dining in with us, they give Japanese brand bubble gum packages.Check out their Facebook pages for new creations and daily specials.P.S. If you check in on Facebook, you get a special reward, a different reward every day.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2012,5/3/2013,9,50,2,9,2>4.5 stars.  (see gelato/price)My first time at this place was 8 days ago.  My second time at this place was 6 days ago.  To give some background, this shop was opened by a couple.  The woman is a legit Chocolatier, as she went to one of the top Chocolatier schools in the world.  Her family owns the organic cocoa bean farm in the DR, which is used to make all their ridiculous chocolates (in-house, basement).  Who doesn't like this type of grass-roots business?!Chocolates:  I got an assortment of truffles: coconut, honey, banana, etc.  They were all fantastic.  It makes Godiva taste like M&M's.  Extremely creamy, rich, consistent, and amazing.  If you're a dark chocolate fan, this is your haven.  They even have cocoa nibs for you to sample, which you can also purchase.  They're full of antioxidants!Gelato:  [Deep breath]  I haven't had gelato this ridiculous since....ever.   I've had gelato from 30+ different places in Italy and I don't remember them being this awesome.  Disclaimer: they don't make the gelato, they source it from some delightful Italian family in Chicago.  But goodness gracious.  Be sure to try the triple dark chocolate and my #1 favorite, the banana praline.  My first time there I tried to be healthy and order a small.  That failed miserably when I finished the small and  walked back up to the counter to promptly order a jumbo.  The place is well decorated and has plenty of tables/chairs and comfy furniture inside for lounging.  They also have all varieties of coffee and espresso drinks.Price:  The chocolates are slightly pricier than normal, but warranted considering it's single-farm, organic cocoa beans and professional, hand-made chocolates.  The gelato prices are somewhat painful though.  The "jumbo" was $6.50.  It's not really that big.  I'd compare it to a medium cup of ice cream from any of your big ice cream joints.  The smallest size is just a smidgen of gelato.  It's like a sample.  It's a joke, really.  They also don't scoop a lot of gelato into those containers.  They kind of scoop enough to meet the top of the cup, but there's no bulbous scoops.  This is where I take away 1/2 a star.  If either the portions were larger, or the prices were lower, it'd be an easy 5-star.  Bottom line:  Do yourself a favor and get gelato here.  Any flavor.  Biggest size.  And get some chocolates for later at home when you're done feeling disgusted with yourself.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2012,3/29/2013,14,16,,6,3>Just had dinner there.  Starting from the beginning, very polite staff.  We were able to sit right away at 6:15 on a Saturday.  I hope that's not a bad sign because this place ROCKS.  A bread bowl was put before us with a cornbread cake that was INCREDIBLE.  The appetizer was fried mozzarella BRICKS!  Delicious.  We had the Chicken Limone and the Crab cake dinner.  Both very good.  Although the menu was limited, that should NEVER be a cause for a lower rating.  Go to Applebee's if you're looking for a huge variety.  This food was excellent.  We ate everything and came away without feeling overly stuffed, but there was so much food to eat!  What this tells me is that the food is prepared in a healthy way...I won't go into details on this, but trust me.  You're not only eating good tasting food, but it's good for you as well.  I can tell.  :)We didn't have dessert but I heard a rundown on the choices and they sounded yummy!  Maybe next time, we will be coming back!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2012,3/28/2013,47,83,11,2,4>Like to eat Indian food? Like to eat Chipotle? Like to fart?  Well, Krazi Kabob combines the best of all worlds into one krazi delicious wrap.I love the naan bread.  They cooked up the naan fresh both times I've been there.  The fillings are great.  It's like a whole Indian meal inside a piece of naan.  This place is definitely worth a try.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2012,3/27/2013,124,241,9,9,4>Saturday night, I had a very important date with my couch and DVR but before I could get to business, I had a major itch to scratch. That itch involved Chinese food. Obviously I wasn't going to go sit down in restaurant and eat by myself when I had more pressing issues (such as catching up on Breaking Bad) so I ask Yelp where to get some awesome Chinese carry out and walla...hello Golden House!First thing to know about Golden House is it is strictly carry out. Don't expect to get sit down service because that's not happening. Second, it's a bit divey. They obviously didn't spend too much money on decor, which is how I like my Chinese restaurants.I have a serious love for any sort of Chow Foon, so as soon as I saw that on the menu, I was sold. My beef chow foon certainly did not let down either. Not too oily, with tons of beef, green onions, mushrooms and carrots. I could not have asked for a better dish to start off my TV watching marathon. This was the only dish I tried so I can't give it 5 stars YET. But I can promise you I will return and it will be glorious.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,3/26/2013,36,49,,2,1>I absolutely LOVE their eggplant Parmesan, make sure you get it on pita! This is an awesome vegetarian option when everyone else you're with wants to eat gyros. -_-  I like their fries too, but I'm not a big fan of the spices they put on top of it so I simply just ask for it plain.The cashier is an absolute sweetheart and she always will call you sweetie! I absolutely love that. Also they are so considerate when you are placing your order, they literally go out of the way to ask you how exactly you'd want it made. The family-owned feeling is so sweet here and the food is so delicious, I am so happy I recently discovered this place!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,3/25/2013,18,52,6,4,1>Man... after years of living in Germantown, I always thought Agrodolce was a childrens clothing store (OOPS).  Is it just me or does the sign in front look like it?!  I mean, I never bothered even peaking in (well... I don't have children)!  But few months ago, this place popped up on Yelp and I realized... it's a freaking restaurant!Fancier than I imagined... inside was a pleasant surprise. Pizza isn't really what I had in mind to order, but my waiter insisted that it was delicious.  So... why not?!  Had the Meatzza Pizza... YUM!!! Holy smokes, the texture and flavoring was on point.  Probably my favorite pizza I've had... my whole life.Also had the Risotto Pescatore. The scallops were a little too chewy for my taste, but the overall flavoring was good.  I probably will try something else to see what else they have to offer :)Service was great, very attentive without being annoying. I will be back!!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/24/2013,188,290,2,7,2>Friendly employees in a super clean restaurant. I kid you not; the restroom was clean at 1:00 am. I never wanted to stop here because I doubted that they had a lot of vegetarian options. I was pleasantly surprised, they had decent options. My friend order a cheese steak sandwich with chicken and steak, and I order corn on the cob and beans (not.the best idea at 1:00am). The beans were seasoned perfectly, and the corn was nicely buttered. No salt was needed. The next day, I returned and order beans and rice and spinach. The beans and rice had a nice flavor, but I will be returning for the spinach. Whatever they use for flavoring has me hooked. This place is definitely my go to place in the area.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,3/23/2013,53,51,,6,1>I have been a client of the White Flint Auto repair team and Juan, while his father was still running the shop (at least 15 years) Honest, friendly, fairly priced and always on top of what my car needs.Terrific service, family style caring - they get out of their way to help you out.Read some of the other reviews and you will agree with us.Now my entire family comes to the White Flint Auto repair shop. The new location is a little hidden but if you call you get awesome directions.You will not regret going there!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2011,3/22/2013,16,1,3,3,3>I moved to the area recently and this is my new home away from home. Relaxed family environment with that air of professionalism you want from a place of business. I have been 4 or 5 times now and the staff has already remembered my name. My server/bartender Jose has always been friendly and accepting to my every request. Lee, one of the managers I assume, has treated me like an old family friend since I've been coming. I can't recommended this place highly enough. The food is to die for and don't get me started on the mojitos! They make the best ones in Maryland. And for a drink that any bartender will tell you is a pain to make, they will make it with a smile. If you have a bad time here it's because you were already in a bad mood and nothing this fine establishment could do was going to change that. Bring friends and tip heavy because this place has earned it.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,3/21/2013,18,25,7,2,2>The existence of this place will kill a diet. I treated myself here this past Friday as they parked in front of my job as the Vittle entertainer of the day. This classic food truck offers a varieties of sandwiches to make your tummy backflip for its life! Ok, enough silliness. They specialize in the Reuben (corned beef, saurkraut and their special rye). I personally tried their manhattan (pastrami, coleslaw and provolone, topped with their russian dressing) and I must say I am in looooove. Their meats are tender (yes all of them as sampled the corned beef, briskets and carved turkey from my friends' plate), the sandwiches are huge... and basically fed me for lunch and dinner. They also have potato salad and though I tried it and didnt like it, I would suggest everyone to give it a go. My friends loved it and I am not the biggest fan of potato salad period so I dont even know why I try. I would take of a star for pricing because its a little steep but they come to me.... soo... yea.Hopefully they keep coming around... not for me since I am technically dieting but for they sake of keeping them in business because they indeed know what the hell they are doing. Until next time... toodles
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,3/20/2013,39,44,3,4,3>I first want to thank my fellow yelpers who pointed out where this wondrous place is located (enter the lot where Amalfi restaurant is). Without this nugget of information I would have gone in circles trying to find this place!But on with the review.BEST CROISSANTS EVER. I've tried croissants while in Paris  and local French places in DC, but this place is the closest to the ones I dream about when I was in Paris.Seriously people it tastes awesome and you really can't beat the price and quality ratio. The pain au chocolat is fresh and I love that there are mini versions so you can take a bunch of different pastries for the week's breakfast.If you are reading this and love french pastries and haven't gone...what are you doing? Drop everything and GO MY FRIEND!
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,12/29/2013,329,460,4,8,5>After hearing Bitches Who Brunch gave this place an A+ combined with the fact I had a Groupon to use, I knew I couldn't wait any longer for my first visit here! The grilled cheese sandwich with bacon and caramelized onions along with bottomless mimosas was my idea of heaven! Everything on the food and drink menu was an original creation and had a unique touch. The service was top notch--the mimosas were flowing! I plan on returning for brunch soon...to try a staple on their menu-fried chicken and waffles!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,12/25/2013,105,30,3,10,3>I'm almost embarrassed to see that I haven't reviewed New Kam Fong just yet? This is My favorite neighborhood Chinese restaurant in Silver Spring/Wheaton (and let's face it, there is some serious competition for this title in Wheaton). Let me tell you why it's the BEST.1. It's CLEAN. I know that sounds silly...but I've been to some scary nasty chinese restaurants in the area - food and roaches on the floor and walls (you know who you are!).  This restaurant is spotless, no joke. I might even consider honoring the 5 second rule in a place like this, even if it has gooey sauce all over it and I drop it - I just might pick it up and eat it off the floor. Which brings me to my next point...2. The food is legit. So good, that it is worth eating every last bite - even the ones you drop on the floor. I have been here multiple times for eat in and take out so am pretty familiar with their lengthy menu. Some of my favorites are salt & pepper twin lobster special (two lobsters are only $20!), pig feet casserole, fish maw with crab meat soup, chicken feet, and the snow pea leaves. But almost everything I've ordered is good and tastes fresh. You will find all your favorite Chinese delicacies here - pigs blood, duck paw, intestines, fish stomach.3. It's open late. Enough said there...not many places can you walk in at 1100 on a weeknight and get a full fledged sit down meal.4. The prices are reasonable and the service is consistent, respectful, and attentive.I'm sure you're a responsible yelper like me (or else you wouldn't be reading this) and research your restaurants before you just walk in and commit. I'm sure there's some other tempting places in the Wheaton/Silver Spring area for authentic Chinese. The only place I've found that has the perfect combination of delicious food, clean atmosphere, reasonable prices, and attentive service is this place.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,12/24/2013,303,800,3,9,11>I am longover due in giving Jumbo Jumbo an update and uppage of stars.I'm gonna go ahead and call my initial visit a fluke in bad balls for bubble tea. Perhaps I just went too late in the evening and we were getting old balls.Jumbo Jumbo has won me over with their ridiculously addictive popcorn chicken with pork on rice AND their glorious beef noodle soup. I might actually prefer their beef noodle soup over the beef noodle soup at A&J. There, I said it. Yes. The beef is plentiful, the broth is flavorful and the noodles are delightfully chewy. I think there's also spinach thrown in there as well.The chicken is perfectly fried and topped with these spices that rival anything I've ever had before. And it tastes just as good reheated the next day. Oh, and I recently learned that if you have a large group, they have PARTY PLATTERS of popcorn chicken. Mind. Blown.Since my first visit, I'll say the balls in my bubble tea have been much better- plumper, chewier and not soft/mushy. So like I said- first visit=fluke visit.And as if you needed more reason to experience the popcorn chicken goodness of Jumbo Jumbo, Rockville residents in a 3-mile radius- may your hearts be still- they will deliver to you!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,12/23/2013,158,143,2,9,4>Happy Hour is M-F 3-6:30 PM, and also after 9PM~It's located in the Cabin John shopping center strip mall, flanked by CVS and Capital One - peculiar location for a restaurant such as this, but no matter! We're here for the food and company, the glowing neon lights of the nearby California Tortilla are just a bonus, right? ;)The crab cake slider was great - pretty much no filler whatsoever, which was made clear in the way that the crab meat breaks off in chunks as you take each bite. The cioppino was wonderful too, but a bit difficult to eat on the patio table because the table only rises to about knee height. The bread that accompanied this dish was perfectly toasted with a garlic spread. I'm not sure if it was the great weather on the patio during late night happy hour or perhaps because I was in the mindset of relaxing and unwinding after leaving the office, but I enjoyed pretty much every aspect of my experience here, and I definitely will be coming back to try everything else on the menu. They have some of the best quality happy hour offerings that I've seen around this area!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2013,12/22/2013,126,106,2,3,3>Throw open the door, walk in, and take a very deep breath with your eyes closed. Between the music, spices, and soft chatter it'll feel like a different world. Then open them as you crash back into reality and settle for some amazing food instead. Can I start this off by saying that the fries are reason enough to come here? Yes. Just the fries. The delicious, crispy, lightly seasoned, generous portion of fries that compliment a salad or gyro...or anything, really. Just park yourself at a table with those charming blue&white tablecloths, get a handful of napkins because at some point you WILL make a mess, and dig in! You could also get the Papou Gyro Salad, which is basically their Greek Salad covered in thin slices of gyro meat. It's heaven. Greek Heaven. There's no "guilt" because technically, it's a salad...and there's lots of protein on top! ;) It's also enough for two people or one very hungry person. So between the ambiance, food, and overall decent pricing...this place is a gem! Not to be confused with The Greek Place that's one block over. Please, if you read this review and accidentally go there...I AM SORRY! SO SORRY! Now I'm off to finish the remaining portion of my gargantuan Papou salad...competition, please take note. Thank you and good night!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,12/21/2013,420,334,,9,4>Holy Santorini! The service here is wonderful. We just honeymooned in Greece and were astonished by the hospitality at every restaurant (and wonderful food, silverware and ambiance). Still sad to return to the States, I only expected to walk into normal service here, but the owner was beaming at the front and began asking where we preferred to sit; by the windows or in the back for something intimate? In or out? Wow, I have a choice? They placed us at a nook--private and romantic, indeed! And, she joked and had my hubby beside me.  (Euro nostalgia!) The dining room is very spacious and and wonderfully modern... white walls with Greek decor, great natural lighting, completely blue ceiling including piping, upscale silverware and folded blue napkins. Greek music playing. The view towards the back is a bit like Europe, if you use your imagination a bit. When we got the menus (which were classily printed) the waitstaff was so gungho about the specials. Their service and care was taking me back to Greece. The Greeks sure know how to make you feel at home.Pricing: not bad and I liked the variety. You can go cheaper with mezze small plates which cost about 5-9, or go the entree route which run you around 14-25. Dessert is 6-7, while cocktails are pricier (but interesting, particularly the gladiator) at about 11.Immediately we were served free pita (warm and crisp) with an olive oil dip, olive dip and fresh hummus (so silky and fresh). You can also get a refill on these. The disappointment was the octopus. The flavors were good, but it was dry, and I wonder if something went wrong with the preparation that day. It lacked the usual crisp and right dente-ness. The fish stuffed with crab tasted like a crab cake. It comes with some fresh steamed veggies (thanks for keeping it light!) and lemon potatoes (YUM). Overall dish was solid, but found this to be more American than Greek. It's like what Clyde's dishes USED to be--fresh, seasonal, well seasoned. For $18, its one of the better done, well rounded entrees in Rockville without a giant price tag. The sausage mezze plate was very tasty,and our favorite here so far. Very good flavor with the tzazki sauce and cucumber/tomato medley. Everything was well prepared at a decent price and warm service. This gives me every reason to come back and get a more complete picture of how their other traditional Geek dishes fare. (On my to try list: sampler entree, which includes moussaka, and spanokpita). No faults in food, great staff and ambiance... 4 stars. A good, diverse addition to Rockville!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,12/20/2013,6,132,,5,2>Excellent!  Nick has repaired my cowboy boots (the real deal from Texas) and a 2 leather bags that I have.  One was a handmade bag from Turkey and one was a leather bag from Asia.  I love the work!  LOVE LOVE LOVE the job that he did.  He adds an extra touch to things...for example, he replaced two pieces of leather and the match was AMAZING.  He takes the time to explain the repair that is needed and takes his time to do it right!  The craftsmanship is great.  This is the leather repair place that you expect to find in a small town.  You get what you pay for here, so skip the leather repair at the mall and go to Nicks!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/22/2013,12/19/2013,80,122,3,5,3>3.25 stars overallI was feeling adventurous and decided to try the hole in the wall that everyone's been yelping about in Hyattsville.For food I decided to go with more unique choices: lamb taco, lengua, and the huitlacoche quesadilla. I mean where else are you going to get that all on the same plate? They hold off on the salt for the most part on their meat, but the highlight was the outstanding salsas and pickled sliced chile peppers that they brought out with the food.  Once the dish married with the salsas, the flavors were on point (so lesson is try everything that is offered in front of you). The homemade corn tortillas are hot and mouthwatering. They have a large variety of beverages (sangria, frescos, etc).Service was great, everyone was super friendly. Food took about 10 minutes to come out.The only qualm I have is the environment. There were low hanging streamers, dim halogen lighting, and plastic table cloths. Though the place was clean, there wasn't necessarily enjoyable. I think they can do better than that.Good place for food and trying something new.Credit/Debit minimum is $10.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,12/18/2013,113,112,1,9,3>I can't believe I haven't written a review here! Def the best sushi you'll get in the MoCo area. It's owned by Koreans but they sure know how to provide great service and food.  If you want good quality rolls I would recommend coming here during dinner hours. They have all types of special rolls that will surely satisfy you. A free appetizer on the house they provide is a fried salmon head! If you know anything about eating any type of meat, you know the cheeks are where the best meat is! Make sure you eat the salmon cheeks!!! Haha - that sounds weird...The lunch buffet is the best sushi buffet hands down! They have all types of sushi rolls, korean side dishes, and japanese style tempura! They're very good at keeping up with the demand and keep the rolls coming non stop! All this for $13? Can't beat it. If you get a chance to sit at the sushi bar, DO IT! The sushi chef always seem to provide me a little something extra to try on the house! ;) ooh la la~I also have ordered their catered sushi platters and it's well worth it! I got a huge sushi platter once for ~$75 and it fed my entire family of four with 20% of it still left over.Avoid the weekend lunch and dinner prime hours, it will be forever until you're seated.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2013,12/17/2013,75,201,2,4,3>Adega is a quaint jewel in the downtown silver spring area, providing a variety of good eats  and wonderful wines at a decent price.LocationParking in the lot nearby the shopping plaza is a crap shoot, especially on weekends. You might fare better parking in the garage across Veterans Plaza. It faces the main plaza area so depending on the time of year or what events are going on like the Silver Spring Jazz fest, you may have too do the delicate dip-and-dive through the crowd dash through the stairs and walkway to get to the restaurant, and you'll have to contend with the noises outside which can interfere if you're looking for a quiet meal in.RestaurantIt is on the small side and on Fridays and Saturdays it can be a complete gaggle of people clustered on top of one another jockeying for space to sit, stand while waiting for their order or mindlessly collect at the counter blocking everyone else as they ponder their order. If you could, try dining on a weeknight if you'd like to have a quiet meal. Lunch on the weekdays can get a bit hectic as well.Food/WineAlways a hit! Before my body decided that it couldn't be friends with gluten, the Chicken w/Lemon Butter and Penne Cream Pesto with Chicken were my favorite entrees on the menu followed by their Bison burger (which was second to the "gouda" burger but that's no longer on their menu.) However, even with a intolerance or a food allergy there's still a lot of great dishes to be had and although they don't have gluten free pasta available (that I know of) they ARE willing to make changes & substitutions to your order with no problem. They offer a variety of wines and now do tastings monthly (approximately).  Tip - Adega now delivers! They're a participating restaurant with Takeout Taxi so if you can't be bothered with getting out of your pj's and headed over but still have a longing for eggplant fries you now can have it brought to your door.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,7/5/2014,416,399,5,7,7>This location is pretty new and it's sparkling clean.  Clothes are always nicely folded or hung nicely on the racks.  When you walk in, clothing for boys are on the left and girls on the right.   Door busters in the middle of the store and clearance racks along the back.  Staff are friendly and rather helpful when looking for a particular item or size.  Maneuvering a stroller in some spots can be a tight squeeze.  Parking is generally ample in this part of Federal Plaza.  One spot marked for pregnant women or those with little children in front of the store.Carter's always has sales, so you should never pay full price for any of their clothing.  Sign up for the emails to get even more savings.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2014,7/4/2014,164,38,3,11,8>This market is amazing, the staff are friendly and the selection is great! I for one love the dessert section, I ordered chocolate covered strawberries which were delicious. Walking around the market you can really get a strong feel from the friendly staff who are willing to assist and help guide you within the store. Your able to watch items being made in front of you. The prices are marked unbelievably. Everything which I order that included the fresh made ice cream, chocolate covered strawberries, chicken, and pumpkin pie were beyond good! I will continuously support and shop at this market.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,7/3/2014,46,156,3,6,6>Had a great time here on Saturday afternoon. I've only ever been here once before (I believe it was in 2010) for their Stomp The Grapes event. We brought lunch and did a tasting. The weather was absolutely phenomenal. It's also worth noting that the staff are all extremely friendly and knowledgeable. They grow nearly all the grapes they use in their wines on the farm. They're also dog and kid friendly. They have lots of tables, chairs and umbrellas around, plus plenty of shaded grassy areas to picnic on. You can bring in your own food, but not alcohol. I'll definitely be back with the hubby and the pups!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,7/2/2014,10,78,6,9,5>This food really touched my Seoul today.  I order the Kimchi and Tofu Bibimbap, OH THE BURST OF FLAVORS were mild, suttle and delicious!!!! I've never had Kimchi this good before. Usually it's too sour or salty but the Kimchi at Seoul Food was perfect.  Please don't be confused by the name, it's not southern American Soul Food, LOL!!! Ok, so the restaurant is small cafe style with lots of personality. I love the colorful wall decor and positive sayings throughout the place.  Anyway, keep calm and check out Seoul Food. Yes, it's inside of an Exxon but the food is good nonetheless.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,7/1/2014,22,63,3,8,3>I was sad to see the SuperGrand sign come down, and quickly figured out the place had a new owner.  After going back several times, I can see all the changes the new owner has done. The produce quality has improved, as well as the selection. The seafood section now has a frozen section with seafood for sushi.  Rice is organized in one whole aisle.  The aisles are more organized.  The lighting is better.  The little kiosks filled with things nobody buys are gone.  Overall, a must place to go if you are looking for quality exotic produce and foreign food products.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2014,6/30/2014,107,166,5,9,6>I'm a big fan of KFC and was so glad when Bonchon opened in Rockville. Why is it all the Korean restaurants and bars are located in NoVa? Us MoCo Koreans like to eat nearby. Anyways, what is not to like about this place? They fixed the horrid slippery floors when it first opened, you can drink beer and soju, have great lunch specials ($8.99? for 8 wings, fries, and soda), tasty wings, and tv's to watch sports games. Maybe more seating, as this place is small,so come early or expect a wait. They do offer other food besides fried chicken, although I haven't tried anything else besides their wings. If you do get the chicken and can't decide between the two rubs, get half and half in your order and try them both!FYI, you can call in advance and order your wings if you are dining in or doing take out to avoid the wait time.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,6/29/2014,123,137,7,14,4>This is barebones seafood, so if you just like meat that comes from the sea, like me, come here. It's no frills, everything tastes fresh and has minimal doctoring and seasoning. I don't see that as a bad thing. The service and ambiance here is also a very neighborhoody feel. I came by myself and say at the bar and everyone else seemed to know each other. I think it was the wife if the owner that was sitting at the end if the bar telling absolutely anyone who would listen that she spent all day making peach and apple pies because the fruit had taken so long to peel. She had one such pie with her and was offering it to the staff, unfortunately I didn't get any. The service is friendly and expeditious, but don't expect superlatives it's not that kind of place. They are shucking and eating their own oysters the whole time which I assume is a huge peek of working here. I'm pretty sure the decor hasn't changed in at least 40 years, again, not a negative. They tried to class things up by offering me a complimentary roll with my meal, but my sides of cole slaw and and "sliced tomato" on a bed of lettuce let me know where I really was. There's no explanation of the menu, or the various bottles of things on the bar for you to use so I recommend experimenting. There's salt and pepper, obviously, and old bay in a shaker, and some kind of smoky, hot suave cocktail sauce hybrid that is delicious on shrimp. I had the Norfolk style shrimp and crab. The shrimp looks like it's just blanched, as as I mentioned is not seasoned at all which gives you the freedom to do with it what you wish. Norfolk style, I discovered, means sitting in a bath of buerre blanc (yes!!!) so this basically turned into a family crab boil with all the work done for you and no corn in the cob. It is a bit pricey (over $25) but is understandable for the amount of seafood you get. I'll probably be back, budget allowing if I don't feel like cracking my own. P.S. You go to the register to pay like an IHOP, don't sit at your seat waiting for them to take your check. Not that I did that it anything...
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,6/28/2014,64,93,,6,5>I went last night for their first opening mic night, on their second night of business. It was great! The open mic night starts at 7 (with sign-up before that, mentioning in case you are a musician), but I wasn't able to get there until just after 7:30. At that point, it was packed! Luckily, a seat that a friend was reserving for someone else became available. When you go for one of the open mics, I recommend getting there early. If you don't see me yet, save me a seat! ;) The waitstaff did pretty well considering how busy it was on only their second night of business. They were friendly, helpful, and when the food was taking a while, our server checked in with us. She was very quick with the checks when asked for them, which helped balance the speed issue, but hopefully that will also improve with experience as the place is open longer.The open mic night was awesome, too. There was a variety of styles of music, obviously a variety of experience levels with the musicians too but I'd say 90% of them were Very Very Good and the other 10% were not bad and were quite entertaining. This is a weekly Tuesday night thing, and I'll be back for it again.Ok, food and drink! I had two hot drinks throughout the evening. The creamsicle, "house-made Thai tea syrup, steamed milk, and orange infused whipped cream," and the affogato. They were both very tasty. I sort of wish the Creamsicle had a little more tea flavor to it, but it was gone pretty quickly, so clearly I enjoyed it! I also had one of a friend's sliders, notable for the house-made Mumba sauce and caramelized onions, and an order of pretzel bites, notable for the red pepper aioli sauce. Yum. I look forward to trying some more of their menu items soon. There are several vegetarian options, cold beverages, and several options for hot, non-desserty sorts of coffees as well, including a french press of coffee, which I think it pretty darn cool.The board games are many! I didn't get a chance to play any last night, but there are SO MANY. It will be a great place to go hang out with a group of friends to play. This is not your old fridge full of 1970s board games missing pieces at a random coffee shop, y'all. This is shelves full of awesome board games with so many themes and of so many types that I imagine even people who don't like board games could find one that interests them.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,6/27/2014,3479,394,39,49,40>Deciding to come here on a whim, I thought this place would be easy to find....relatively speaking.  Yea, not exactly.  This place defines what it means to be "in the cut".  It's located off of a side street that runs diagonally.  Also, the place looks like a house.  If not for the very plain sign with the restaurant name, I would've thought it was a bed & breakfast or something.Aside from the odd location and even odder exterior, everything else makes perfect sense.  The interior is relatively small and during peak times, packed with folks trying to get a great sandwich.  Basically you walk to the counter, look up at the menus listed above, order and pay.  You're given a numbered placecard and can grab a seat while you wait or stand and watch these sandwich engineers expertly construct these delicious creations.The menu is creative and has a lot of variety.  There's the standard sandwiches/subs along with specialty concoctions that come with catchy names such the "Archie Bunker" and the "Honeymooners".  They also offers paninis, burgers, salads, breakfast food as well as classic Italian entrees.  I tried the Brooklyn Bridge, the Palmer, the Empire State and the Big Fat Pauley.  The Brooklyn Bridge is basically steak and cheese with lettuce, tomato, sautéed onion, peppers and mayo.  That joint was stacked.  True to their restuarant name, they make delis everywhere proud by providing fresh meat, which was tender and seasoned.  The condiments were heaped on, creating a gooey and delicious marriage that would only be made better by providing some napkins and a place to take a nap.The Palmer consists of corned beef, melted swiss, cole slaw and Russian dressing.  To quote Campbell's soups it was "Mmmmm mmm good"!  The corned beef was fresh, tender and had a firm texture.  The saltiness from it paired well with the tang from the cole slaw and Russian dressing.  Now that's what I'm talkin' bout!The Empire State is a sentimental treat given that NY is my native state.  Most folks across the state have had some variation of a chicken sandwich/sub with different fixings (cue drool for Buffalo's chicken finger sub).  At NY Italian Deli, the Empire State consists of grilled or fried chicken, mozzarella, sautéed spinach, roasted red peppers and pesto mayo.  I chose the fried chicken and went to town on that sub.  First off, the sub was stacked.  Definitely need two hands for this bad boy.  The chicken were large pieces that were moist, fairly tender and perfectly seasoned.  The pesto mayo added another layer of flavor along with a creamy element to keep the sandwich moist.  For me, the spinach was the key by adding a different texture along with some color.  My one complaint would be that some of the red peppers were a bit too soft, giving them a gelatinous sort of texture.   The Big Fat Pauley consists of fried chicken, pastrami, jalapenos, cheese, lettuce, tomato and mustard.  That sub weighs like 2 lbs!  You know what?  It was 2 lbs. of pure deliciousness!  Flavors burst from all angles making this a roller coaster for the taste buds.  I think it's the jalapenos that really make this sandwich by adding a moderate amount of heat.  Plus, gotta love the name of this creation!  I'm also happy to report that this lovely establishment does not engage in price gouging.  A stacked 8 inch sub is $7.49.  Wraps are $7.99.  12 inch subs labeled "Big Sub" are $8.99.  Not exactly Subway prices, but not bad either. Can I get back there any faster?  I'll get there faster than RGIII outrunning a defensive lineman.  Oh....wait.....that's too easy.  What I mean is, please excuse me while I plan my next meal!
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,6/26/2014,62,211,4,10,4>Another excellent choice for the Yelp Luck Club! After two hours of simmering, slurping, and chomping we all learned the true meaning of "Postprandial Torpor". The details are well covered in other reviews, so I'll just offer a couple of hints: (1) After you taste the broth, consider tweaking it with seasonings from the awesome sauce bar.(2)  Go with two or more people and get different broths. Use the spicy one (about two peppers out of four on the ShopHouse scale) for meats and the mushroom for seafood so as not to overwhelm the delicate flavors (except I would put the crayfish in the spicy one for a Nawlins kick). Favorites: the savory mini dumplings, mushrooms, squid, fish balls, scallops. Less so: vermicelli (hard to extract from the pot), shrimp (sloppy to peel), spring roll (nice filling but a bit greasy).And it's going to take a few visits to perfect my blending of dips. I did mention the sauce bar is awesome, right?
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,4/23/2014,107,166,3,13,8>The original Cava Mezze is still going strong and their food is outstanding! Just about everything I have tried tastes great. The dishes that do not disappoint include scallop risotto (3 scallops), baby lamb chops (2 to an order), hanger steak, lollipop chicken (3 to an order), and that flaming cheese (sometimes can be really salty). Their martinis are crafted perfectly and the service is quick and efficient. The bartender is very friendly, makes you feel right at home. They offer half price martinis I think Monday or Tuesdays too. It is dimly lighted restaurant, perfect for dates. I highly recommend this place and is worth the wait!
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,4/22/2014,46,156,1,18,4>Seriously LOVE. I had never gotten a facial before coming to see Annie. The first time I went, I was nervous as all get-out. Everyone I'd talked to about getting a facial was like, "All I know is you're going to leave with huge-looking pores and red face!" My first visit was to her old location. I was sitting in this dumpy Asian hair salon, not even sure if I was in the right location. I felt out of place and almost left before my appointment even started. Annie came out and was very sweet. She walked me back to the "spa" room and it was tiny and cramped. It may have even been a closet at some point, but the music and lighting were relaxing. It was very strange to have someone touching my face. Like I said, I've never had a facial before! I had a hard time relaxing at first, but in the end my skin looked AMAZING. It was bright and luminous and I couldn't stop looking at it. I've really never seen it look so good. For the record, not red at all.I went back about 6 months later and thankfully Annie had moved into her own place in the building next door. The ambiance is GREATLY improved. I think it can now officially be called a spa. The back room is calming and much larger than the previous location. I was relaxed from the moment I went in.This time she encouraged me to buy a different eye cream because the one I was using wasn't "anti-aging." When I went in to Target looking for product, one of the ladies working in the cosmetics department was like, "Your skin is amazing! Why do you need product?!?!" Totally justified every trip I've taken here.Annie is fantastic. She is extremely sweet, she knows what she's doing and she doesn't pressure you into buying the products that she has available. Plus, her prices are totally reasonable. I would highly recommend getting a facial here. In fact, I wouldn't go anywhere else.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2013,4/21/2014,53,79,2,9,4>I really enjoy going to Yoyogi Sushi for several reasons.  The service is fast, the sushi is good and the prices are right.  I know one recent review said that the sushi was tasteless and that some of the reviewers are somewhat blinded by the cheap prices but to that I say this.  You don't come here if you are looking for the highest priced tuna or the crème de la crème of the sushi crop.  If you want high end, have some money to burn and demand the finest and most expensive sushi made by the 80 year old sushi master, don't come here! Have I had better, higher quality sushi?  Of course!  Have I paid a lot more for it? Yes!  This place has affordable, good sushi that you could clearly come to daily for lunch.  My last visit I got one tuna roll and a small bowl of Miso soup for $4.77 and asked them to make the spicy tuna roll a little extra spicy. I kept it light because I had just come from a hot yoga class.  The miso soup was nicely flavored with bits of tofu, seaweed and scallions in it and the tuna roll was good and they added just enough extra spice.  I have tried many of the choices and I can say that the only one I really didn't like was the octopus.  If you aren't into raw fish try the spider roll, that is a favorite of mine even though I prefer raw sushi.They have a daily lunch special until 3pm for about $6.00 and you can choose from a combination of two rolls or seafood udon soup or crispy chicken or beef with rice.  I have never gotten the lunch special but I have tried all those things from the regular menu. Love the crispiness of the chicken and beef and the only complaint is they should add just a tad more of the sauce that they drizzle over the meat.  The seafood udon is decent and filling and the fried seafood is crunchy, flavorful and not too greasy. I'm glad that this place exist because I can get my sushi fix even when my pockets are feeling a bit lean.  The previous reviewer is right when she said it's similar to grocery store sushi because I have had sushi at Wegman's and at Dawson's Market and I was pleased and enjoyed it and the price was right.  So if you come in here don't come here with the expectation that you want the $15.00/roll tuna at $4.00 per roll price because you might walk out feeling jaded and unsatisfied.  My advice, give it a try. At least you won't go broke and have to get a second job to recover from it!  This is the place for the average joe/jane and for the not so average joe/jane who doesn't want to spend a ton of money but wants a decent meal on any given day.  Give it a go. The place is clean, there's plenty of seating and the service is friendly.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,4/20/2014,18,165,3,7,4>My friend and I had a great meal here with some good margaritas.  The shredded beef was the best I have had. I never order chili rellenos but one came with my combo platter and it was delicious. Our waiter was super friendly and patient.  Next time, we will have to go ahead and order a pitcher of margaritas - the small ones went down too quickly.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,4/19/2014,22,63,4,6,5>I started going to Sapphire about ten years ago, when a State Department neighbor of mine said it was the best Indian food around ( without a sarcastic tone).  I have moved in and out of the area twice since and I keep on going back. The first time I went there was for a quick meal on a busy day, so I had the buffet.  The selection was extensive, and they had goat curry...who has goat curry on a buffet?  It was delicious, with nicely balanced spices and the meat was tender.  I have been there for dinner and ordered off the menu.  The wait staff is incredible, and will give you details about the food and how each entree might meet your needs.  This is useful if you are not familiar with Moghul (North Indian) food.  Go there, enjoy the extensive and well-prepared buffet, order off the menu. Just go there.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,4/18/2014,32,109,2,9,5>I've been a customer of J. Chow's for decades. Formally a staple at White Flint Mall and now Montgomery Mall, they have a great menu for an eatery restaurant. Their ribs are awesome, but their California Chicken Salad is the best. It may very we'll be the best salad I've had. The mother & son team running the show are very customer oriented as well.  Check J. Chow's out if you haven't already done so.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,4/17/2014,77,98,2,9,4>I Love this pizza place! We have guests at our house every Sunday for the football games (we have the DirecTV NFL Sunday Ticket) and we have convinced EVERYONE to get food from here! We have converted sooo many people from big pizza chains and even Ledo's to start eating the pizza here! Sometimes we get our food delivered and sometimes we drive (or walk) over there to pick it up. Customer service is great either way. Of course I talk about the pizza being amazeballs, but even the boneless hot wings are amazing here. Last week, a friend ordered a salad topped with grilled chicken and the vegetables were so fresh that I could smell them as soon as she opened the container. I mean the fresh green peppers smelled almost better than the pepperoni pizza sitting next to me LOL. That just made me more confident in the freshness and quality of ingredients they use there.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,4/16/2014,12,47,1,12,5>Really great Pho spot! The menu is small, but they do it well! My boyfriend and I stopped in for takeout on Sunday night, and the restaurant was super busy, but we were still helped quickly. The dining area is very clean, with modern decor. I watched some orders come out of the kitchen - service seemed very organized and efficient, and food was coming out to the table quickly. We only waited about 5-10 minutes for our takeout, and the woman at the counter was incredibly sweet - we were even offered drinks while we waited. We ordered 2 large bowls of eye of round pho (8.95), and a serving of crispy spring rolls (3.95). I thought the prices were quite reasonable, and in line with other Vietnamese restaurants in the area. How was it? If you order a large, be prepared for leftovers! They have 3 sizes -- kiddie, medium, and large. I probably should have gotten a medium - portions are VERY generous. I seriously question folks complaining about portion sizes. Were you looking at the same massively sized bowls I was? The portions are so huge that it wouldn't even fit entirely in any of the large noodle bowls I have at home -- I had to split it up. I can only assume some folks were hoping to fill a 5 gallon bucket with Pho. The eye of round steak was perfect - definitely high quality meat, sliced paper thin and cooked tender with no discernible chunks of gristle or fat. The meat, as with the veggies and noodles, were served in a very generous portion. I think the broth could use a little stronger flavor (maybe some beef stock and/or more seasoning?), but it wasn't bad at all.The spring rolls were delicious -- crispy, thin, perfectly fried wrappers and fresh, tender veggies and meat inside. I'll definitely be ordering these again. They have a few non-pho entree options I'm itching to try here too. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,4/15/2014,62,211,4,7,3>And my pursuit of piscatorial perfection proceeds...After leaving the MVA's emissions test,  I found this little place a couple of blocks away. Little indeed, 10 tables plus the sushi bar. They must have taken up a lot of the space for the kitchen, since the menu includes Chinese and Japanese and Thai dishes. I have my doubts when I see a lot of cutesy rolls being touted, and (a first) both a fork and chopsticks on the setup. Crossing my fingers, I order the Kirin and Chriashi that is my standard test of a sushi place. The Kirin is bottled rather than draft, but served at the correct temperature, refreshingly cool but not so icy as to kill the taste. The salad is a pleasant surprise, unrefrigerated mixed greens, no iceberg, routine ginger dressing, garnished with sesame seeds. The chirashi is served in a decorated bowl, and artfully composed (see photo). The garnishes of shiitake, shredded kombu, and pickled radish are quite nice. Tomago, surimai, and shrimp are unexceptional. Snapper, yellowtail, and salmon are pretty good, tuna is very good. The underlying rice is traditionally correct: slightly warm with hints of sugar and vinegar. The soy sauce is worth noting - low salt and high complexity rather that the usual commodity grade. Service is prompt and cordial. Prices are a buck or two higher than comparable places.Four stars with a plus - very nice but not quite reaching the foodgasm level.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,4/14/2014,57,92,2,7,6>Initially the name made me think of a beer house, but I don't like beer. However, I decided to check it out anyways. I had caught a glance of the menu before going there and saw only a few things I would eat, but I decided, I must go with an open mind. This is the year for me to try some new things (as far as food goes).I had arrived a bit early for dinner and the host was gracious to allow me to sit and wait for my party - provided me a glass of water and a menu as well (in addition to food and beer, they also serve wine and cocktails, which is good to know). Since I had already seen the menu prior, I took the opportunity to check out the place a bit. There are long tables throughout and each has a container of utensils and a wooden box full of napkins; there are a few TV's available to watch and at the bar area, they have several taps of beer - it made me think of Octoberfest (they would be packed here). My party arrived and we decided to try 3 different appetizers - Oven Roasted chicken wings with BBQ sauce (other sauces were spice Buffalo or Habanero). Since I don't do spicy, this was a bit on the sweet side, but I didn't get a wow factor as I ate it...it was just okay. Next up was Potato Pancakes (homemade and served with sour cream and apple sauce). This was a first for me as I have only had the breakfast kind (no potato, no sauce), but as I ate these delicious things, it tasted a bit like fritters from back home and I love me some fritters...Yum. We also had Potato cheese and onion pierogies, which is also new to me, but I did not become a fan of these.We decided to have their Chicken sandwich with lettuce, tomato, caramelized shallot, thyme with duck fat rosemary mayo. I have had chicken sandwiches before and they are sometimes dry, but this was quite different. It was very tasty with the seasonings and extras (full of flavor) and I wanted more, so I will be back, even if it is just for their chicken sandwich.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,1/15/2013,15,16,2,10,4>This is the second time we've been here. We were amazed by the food, homemade style, fresh and very tasty! Pupusas are great, Milanesa de Pollo, Carne Asada, Pescado Frito delicious! These are the plates we've tried so far! Rice and beans are so tasty! The place is very clean, friendly service, also good to know this is  small place ok for carry out or I will recomend to call in advance if you have a big group. You also can order Colombian empanadas, Salteñas and yuca bread with cheese.This place is a hidden jewel in Ft. Washington!
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,1/14/2013,71,110,1,6,5>4.5 out of 5 Stars!!  Ahhh me and car dealerships have a love hate relationship.  If you that have read any of my previous car dealership review you know I would have rather been kicked in the nuts by David Beckham than deal with car salesmen.First off I would like to say we did not buy a car here but that didnt stop me from writing a review of our experience here because yes, it was that good.  We came in on a busy Saturday and was greeted by sales associate Mark.  This guy was hilarity in the form of a car salesman.  He listened to what we were looking for and when we were ready we went on a test drive.  Both my girlfriend and I wanted to drive the car and so our adventure began.  A few jokes here a few jokes there and next thing you know we are knee deep in convo about bodily fluids!?1?!Anyways, we were having a tough decision about which car we wanted to buy and if we really could afford it.  After we got back to the dealership with Mark he directed us over to Ryan who was the General Sales Manager.  Between the two of them, they were so nice and informative and did not pressure us at all.  It was like I was in Bizarro world.  You mean you are not going to try and upsell me?  You mean you are telling me the truth?  You mean there is a Santa Clause??  I was amazed that dealerships like this existed....its like I walked through a Wardrobe door into Narnia.  When we are ready to buy an Infiniti....this is where we will come.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,1/13/2013,60,329,,6,4>In my opinion, the best Korean restaurant in the area for soup by far. They're open late (until 11 PM) and serve good soup with good portion & reasonable price.They're also very generous with their side dishes. They're delicious & unusual compared to the common side dishes served anywhere else.Budae Jigae ($11.99) - Hot Dogs, Spam, Pork, Kimchi, Tofu & Veggies. This is what I love about this place. Most Budae Jigae, you have to purchase the big pot which usually costs about $30+. But in this place, they'll let you buy a smaller portion. This dish is extremely delicious. A little bit spicy, sour - very strong in flavor. The meat simmered in the broth's awesome; perfect compliment for the soup.Gamjatang ($11.99) - Spicy Potato & Vegetable  with Pork Spine Stew. The broth's flavor isn't as strong as Budae Jigae, but it's more meat flavored/based. The pork spine in there's extremely tender; The meat just came off the bone.Conclusion: Good service, great food, good portion & reasonable price. What's not to like?!?!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,1/12/2013,62,135,,4,1>I am happy to be the first person to review Maggies.I tried takeout of their "small" pizzas.  They are 14" in diameter.  Somewhere between a medium and a large!  A good start.The pizza is fresh, chewy (like New York) and extremely well flavored.  The bottom is not crispy , but the edges are brown and delicious.  It's not an artisanal crust like 2 Amy's or a crispy/burnt crust like Pete's, but rather a pizza like one you would have had growing up before Dominos and Papa Johns. I understand they are using the same recipe as the original Maggies circa 1950's in Tenleytown.  The attention to a good recipe and quality ingredients shows.The space looks great, and toned down from the Nascar feeling of the previous Wing Zone.  I'd come here for a casual lunch or dinner any time.I'm not sure if they are going to add delivery, but if they do, I'll switch my weekly pizza to Maggies.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2012,1/11/2013,22,182,3,5,3>We came by here for a quick stop since I had a pastry fix that needed to be taken care of.We ordered the raspberry danish, cream puff, a pair of custard filled donuts, and the plain cheesecake. All of these items had a great thoughtful taste to them, but more importantly a great texture (not dry or overly flaky, a good level of moisture and softness). The individual cheesecake in particular was very fluffy and fresh tasting; this place will definitely be on the radar for another visit!
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2012,1/10/2013,18,52,3,7,3>Wow... if it wasn't for Yelp, I would've never known this place existed.  Let me just begin with how slow the service was.  It probably took a solid 15 minutes until we got the menu after sitting down. Maybe another 15 minutes until we placed our order.  Perhaps another 15 minutes after that to get a glass of water to start.  So... 45 minutes of just kind of, well... waiting.  But I can't be mad at the slow service when I clearly see 2 people running around every where, trying to keep up with the customers constantly walking in and out.  I know it's tough to run a family oriented restaurant.  Do I wish they hired more people for the front? of course.  But with the tough economy, I know they're trying to do all they can... and their food was worth waiting for.Like everyone says, their seafood pancake is the best in the area.  Perfectly crisp, lots of veggies & seafood, not oily, and just thick enough.  The portions are huge too! I had the sul-lung-tang, ox tail soup also.  So good! broth was not watered down and maybe it's because I haven't had it in a long time that it just hit the spot for me.  Other people at my table had the galbi dot-sol and they said it was yummy.When you ask for the check, they'll bring out the Korean yogurts!!  This place is probably the best Korean restaurant around MoCo, and this is coming from a Korean :)
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/9/2013,258,251,14,9,8>While the city sleeps the Friday night off,  swing by for Anticuchos!My boss told me about this place. He said swing by early on Saturday or Sunday for brunch and get the Anticuchos and Silpancho!  Awesome!     He didn't tell me that nobody speaks English here!!   Sooooo...   I asked for a menu (in English) and got a blank stare....  And then a smile...  "No speak Spanish?". Wow...  Translation time..  I fumbled through my brain about the conversation with my boss and made my sad attempt to order.  Me: Carne de Corazón?Her: Oh! Usted habla español? ¿Cómo te enteraste de este sitio? ¿Ha tenido esto antes? Me: Blank stare. Si!Her: Uncontrollable laughter     I ordered the beef cow heart as an appetizer.  About 6oz thinly sliced and prepared like beef satay. Served on 4 skewers and two small roasted potatoes were sliced in half and put on the end of the skewers.  It was served with a mildly spicy peanut sauce...  Steam was spiraling from the sauce! I grabbed a couple of fried eggs and noticed a green salsa on the table... Caution! Hot!!!   (I thought I ordered the Silpancho : carb loaded with rice and boiled potatoes, thinly sliced beef and topped with an onion heavy pico de gallo and fried eggs too but I guess it was lost in translation.    Oh well!  It was awesome just the same! Extremely nice people here! Oh! Did I say that they had fresh carnations on each table?!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,1/8/2013,19,99,,3,2>I was a little worried that China Bistro was going to be closed forever or that they were going to vastly change the food because they were remodeling for an extremely long time.  But when it finally reopened it was just a better experience.  The restaurant went from two dingy rooms and walking through the middle of the kitchen to get to the bathroom to one very nice, larger room and a remodeled bathroom.  It's a little less divey than it was before in terms of decor but it didn't lose that small restaurant feel.  It seems like the place is constantly busy.  A group of us recently went at around 2:30 on a Saturday and we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table.If you want a delicious meal for two people, all you probably need is a small bowl of soup (I love the Hot and Sour), an order of Mama's Special Dumplings (go for steamed, it seems to be what everyone gets there), and the green onion pancakes.  Usually my girlfriend and I split this and end up taking a couple pieces of the green onion pancake home with us.  Food comes out really fast so even if it's not enough you can order more and it won't be a problem.Oh, one word of caution, the parking lot is super small so be on the lookout for spots wherever you see them.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,1/7/2013,212,326,3,3,2>These papis know how to clean, wash and wax my beloved ride. I always go for the full works...and let me tell  you they will get into all the nooks and crannys like an english muffin to make your ride look brand new! But you need to come during the week like in t he morning... The fellas are nice and always trying to flirt even when they see the big rock on my left hand. The car always smells fresh. But sometimes there is one that doesnt know how to drive stick but someone else always comes to save the day.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,1/6/2013,80,243,1,8,4>I am so happy I found this place through Yelp.  We heard the owners just moved recently from Shanghai.   Came here with my wife who speaks Chinese- which is a big plus.   Make sure you order from the Chinese menu.   The Xiao long bao is really good and priced at $5.95 (what a steal).  Yank Sing in SF charges over $15.  They give you eight juicy dumplings.   Eat it when it's hot.  The dumpling skin is a little thicker compared to Din Tai Fung and Yank Sing, but it's so juicy inside.  Make sure you ask for a spoon.I also enjoyed the beef noodle soup.  It was spicy - so be prepared for that.  The broth was delicious and as a previous Yelper indicated it's your standard noodles. The beef was really good.    I will be coming back for more xiao long bao!
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2014,6/25/2014,29,79,1,8,3>Hubby called in his order while we were grocery shopping in Wegman's.  They said the order would be ready in 30mins.  We arrived in 30mins--and they were ready upon arrival.  Several people were waiting inside and outside in their cars.  We ordered a doz. females for $49.20--not bad.  They were hot, heavy, well seasoned, and good!  We'll be back!They sell fresh fish and cooked fish dinners.  I noticed rock fish!  Hubby made a mental note to come back for it.Tips-It's probably best to call the order in.-Hushpuppies are great!  I ordered a small order and it could go for a large order--like 16 good size hushpuppies.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,6/24/2014,4,90,,8,3>Great Ramen, great pork bunsTried the pork broth and spicy broth.Suggestion, less noodles and more veggies.  Lose the corn, add bean sprouts, snow peas, broccoli, and charge another $.50 for veggies added.Loved ordering at the counter.Try this place, located behind Ted's 355 Diner, in Wintergreen, where Fitness First/Golds and Food Lion are located.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,6/23/2014,104,20,2,11,2>This new restaurant was just awesome! The food and customer service was great. I wasn't truly hungry when I stopped by for brunch but with a few people, we ordered the crab dip and mussels appetizer and they were both great!I also ordered the lobsta salad and it had huge chucks of lobster, perfectly cooked. The dressing was amazing along with the other fresh ingredients. Everything is made from scratch at this place and the food definitely reflects that. Not too expensive either. I have recommended this place to a few friends already and will definitely be returning soon!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,6/22/2014,794,1145,9,15,12>I have health insurance.  After three days with a fever (102 degrees this morning)  I finally decided to call my doctor, and I was blown off!  She wasn't in the office right away, and the receptionist said they'd call me IF they could fit me in.Finally at 3PM I call the office and told them I was going to urgent care.  Luckily Patient First is only a mile away.  With a $20 copay I got more specialized care than my doctor would have given me.  I was swabbed to check if I had the flu (negative), given a pulmonary function test, nebulized (helped me breath easier), and had chest x-rays.  All for my $20 copay!  Everyone was very friendly, and Dr. Prest didn't rush  me out of there.  I only wish I had bought my Rx prescriptions there. Turns out their amoxicillin price was $8.00 cheaper than stinking CVS.I may consider going here all the time, considering how my primary care physician blew me off.  (She did finally call me twice, but I was already at Patient First.)
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,6/21/2014,57,92,4,7,4>Went there on a weekday evening with some folks from Yelp to enjoy dinner. I guess one of my goals this year should include expanding my sushi choices, but I will let you know now, it will be a very slow process. On this visit, I decided to order some Small Maki Sushi (rolls) - you get 6 pieces per choice. To play it safe, I ordered the Vegetarian Roll (Avocado & Cucumber) ($3.65) which tasted more fresh than some that I had at another sushi place and that was a good thing; California Roll (with Mayonnaise) ($4.50) which was also great and yes I had to ask someone the difference between one with and one without (not a big difference I discovered thanks to Yelper Mike B); and for the first time I had the Sweet Potato Tempura Roll ($3.95) and I made sure to finish eating all of those. I think those were the first to disappear off my plate...Yum!I also got to taste some fried dumplings - the first one I tried had meat, but I cannot remember what it was and the second was a vegetable dumpling. Both were delicious and even better with the sauce that was served with it. I also tasted Fried Tofu for the first time (thanks to some folks encouraging me to try it) and I must say that it was good to try it, but I am not a big fan. It was an acquired taste.This place is located in a plaza on Rockville Pike between a pizza place and a chicken place. It may be hard to spot from the main road, but it is right near Best Buy (almost across the street). The prices are very affordable and the place is very quiet. The lady that took our orders was very pleasant and truly welcomed our group there. So much so, that I may go back and check out the place with my Meetup group folks. They have added a fan.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,6/20/2014,77,235,4,12,5>First off, let me start off by saying that I love the Glen Burnie location even though the employees can be rude.  So when I saw this location opening up in a area that I frequent, I was excited!  Took the Guy in here hoping it was just as good as what I've had before and it was just as good!  The location is very typical as far as the decor goes! The menu is on a white board above head and is very self explanatory!  They too have the counter full of deserts such as banana pudding and cakes of many different flavors!  However, one big difference that I noticed with the menu was this location had some "soul food" side items such as macaroni and cheese and collard greens.  However, I was very leery of soul food from such a place!  I got my standard catfish fillet and fries and the guy ordered the fried chicken!  He loved the fried chicken!  I, as usual enjoyed my catfish!  The food was good as usual.  No surprises here!  But the Guy was SOLD!!  It was his first time here and now he is a believer!  Definitely going back for round 2!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2014,6/19/2014,48,139,2,4,3>Rachel did a lovely job on my son's newborn photos.  Pros:  --We were able to come to her home studio. Although she's not using it as much anymore, she was able to accommodate our need for a studio (poor natural light in our own apartment).  Other photographers in the area do not have studios.--She charges a flat fee, which includes touch ups.  You can make as many prints on your own of the digital prints that come out if the session.  --Rachel has plenty of props and blankets for newborn photos.  She spent nearly four hours photographing our little one!  I would never had have the patience to do this on my own, in my current sleep-deprived state, nor known how to coax my little guy into ideal positions.--She delivered the photos on time as promised, two weeks after the shoot.Con:--I saw another baby on her Facebook page with Easter bunny ears and a carrot.  It was too cute!  Wish I knew to ask her if she had holiday related props during our shoot.  That's not much of a con, is it?--My husband complained about the cost before the shoot ($450), but we both agree at the end of the day we would totally do it again.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,6/18/2014,100,115,3,7,5>I don't understand how people can complain about the store offerings when that information is readily available on the internet and in directories. If a mall doesn't have what I'm looking for....I don't go there! It's simple.Anyhow, Tanger is pretty nice. While I agree that additional food options would be nice, National Harbor IS right down the street with restaurants galore---and additional parking :) The Nike Factory Store alone warrants four stars. The prices were AMAZING! This same store is in Arundel Mills and the prices were NOT the same. I can't believe the deals I got....Lunarglides+ and 2 workout shirts for $60? Crazyyyyyy!Additionally, the Wilsons Leather Outlet had awesome prices as well. I didn't get a chance to stroll through every store here, but from what I saw, I was thoroughly impressed. It's gorgeous, clean, and a nice place to go with a date or a family member. I can definitely tell this is type of place that will experience additional development over the years so many complaints about the store offerings/food offerings/parking will soon be put to rest. Only thing I'm afraid of is how packed this place will be once the weather breaks...Tanger debuted in the late Fall and was packed...when the sun hits the DMV...lawd this place will be crazy! It does have a playground though. Also...the security plays NOOOOOOOO games with people out here. Lol I saw two grown men who looked like they could belong to my church outside of Theory being detained for stealing ...it was kinda sad but really funny...lol anyway don't steal here...they'll catch you and have you outside looking embarrassed!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,6/17/2014,366,485,2,6,2>I actually like this H Mart location. Parking is never a big pain, and the location is fairly big - almost as big as the one in falls church ( which was a usual haunt when I lived back there). They stock every Sunday from what I gather, so I find those to be the best days to visit this place. Prices are low and make me very happy! There are times when I feel their quality contort isn't too great.. I've seen bags of potatoes with some that have sprouted - they are that old lol! But if you spend the time to pick out the stuff you want, you definitely will be saving yourself a lot of money! A good selection of whole fish, and other sea food, and oh yes - they have a full dedicated aisle for Indian stuff..! What this means is that I get my most of my whimsy indian masala needs fulfilled without a trek to the Indian store .. Win win! Looking for hard to find Asian or even Latino species and goods? This is your answer to pretty much most of your fancy food needs - from taro mochi to sinister looking Mexican sounding candy lol ( I absolutely love trying one new thing every time I come here - word of advice, stay AWAY from the durian flavored wafers, to me they smell nasty! )Also, be a sport and try the Choco pies here or the super yummy coconut water!, you will not be disappointed! So yeah, i really like this store! :)
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,6/16/2014,27,285,1,6,3>Real nice little joint.  It's situated in a gas station, but with a very small kitchen and about 3-4 people working behind slamming away simple tacos.Corn tortillas, and a variety of choices.  It was neat to see them also slashing away at a big cut of beef, and getting prepped ready for the grill.Went for Pastor, Chorizo, and Bebitas? which is grilled steak.  The pastor is quite nice but is minimal on the pineapple flavor surprisingly.  Chorizo is mostly just cooked up pork cubes with some minimal kick.  The bebitas? is flavored nicely, but comes out more like ground beef and chuck and minimal flavor.  At times, it's a little charred overly so.  The thing I like though about this place is that it does lots of things correctly.  The salsa bar is nicely stocked, a little small, but the salsa are top notch and taste wonderful.  Abundant lime and cilantro at your killing.  Slather all this on with cut limes and you are ready to party.  Also they give you plenty of tortilla for your mouthful and you get a good portion of food for your money which is probably why this place gets rated highly.It was great to see the kitchen staff prepare the meats also, seeing a giant piece of roast the size of a boulder being chopped and hacked and then marinated for future consumption.It's not amazing or the best I ever had, but it's a nice little stop and a very enjoyable bite to eat.  Not knocking back grandma to come here, but it's a great little place which if it were closer to me I could see myself occasionally stopping by.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,8/13/2013,41,32,1,6,4>There are very few pho places that serve chicken pho with chicken broth and this place is one of them. My friend who is a vegetarian also loves this place since its tough for her to find a place that serves veg pho with veg broth. Unaware of how the actual beef broth pho tastes, I know I love the chicken pho I order here. I always order the summer roll which is always so fresh and crisp tasting. The peanut sauce that comes with it is simply perfect! The small pho is just the right size as well. The broth is so much better than other pho places I've tried. The atmosphere of this place is a lot more nicer than other local pho places. The decor is really nice and the servers are very attentive as well. This is my favorite pho place!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,8/12/2013,142,265,8,9,8>I have been going to Bartman MMA since November 2011, and have loved every minute of it. If anything as I've grown, I've craved the teachings even more, now going 3 classes per week. I started out at his other location in Bethesda, joined the "Women's Kick Ass" class and Brazilian JiuJitsu classes here in Glenmont too. It's amazing, Greg and Tori (Women's class co-teacher) are amazing at what they do. They have been doing it a long time and you can tell. Not only by their technique, but their true passion for the sport. Anytime Relson Gracie is comin to town, they're there, for support, to give accolades, to LEARN. Aside from being great people, they are great teachers too. They communicate clearly, are happy to show moves in slow motion, from different angles, and hear your questions at any time; I am often guilty of saying "so...I was watching TV, and saw this move on Criminal Minds..." They teach students of all kinds-shapes-and sizes. They have a kids class too, so you know what that means... if they can keep the attention span of little children and teach them how to protect themselves....they're super coaches! What you really learn is how what they teach you depends on using your body to your advantage. It doesn't matter if you're big or small, strong or "room for improvement," it's a matter of physics... like working your body angles, pivot points, and leverage.... like calculated chess moves.I've learned self defense for the street, and proper grappling moves as well. The other bonus I've taken away is the mental aspect learned through all this. JiuJitsu is a calm of mind activity. Yes, you may rolling around on the ground, defending yourself, breaking a sweat (which is also a good cardio workout), but you're also trying to keep your mind at neutral. You don't want to waste all your strength in a battle for bronze (especially if you're my size, you'd often lose that fight). You don't want to tense up either. You stay calm, you keep in mind you are worth fighting for and there is always a way out of this. You "turn on your spidey senses" to feel where your partner/attacker is grabbing you, and use your skills to maneuver around their grasp. Seriously--mind included--it's a full body workout.3rd to last fun fact/tip:Greg and Tori hold seminars for private groups too (good for team-building activities, safety lessons, birthdays, maybe even bachelorette parties.... the moves I've learned, have definitely gotten me out of some tickle wars with my husband).2nd to last tip of awesomeness: If you prepay for a class, or combination of classes, in bundles you get a discount! Be sure to ask when registering (because after this adoring review, how could you not sign up :-) am I right).Okay, the real last tip/fun fact: Students are also welcome to open mat Thursday nights for more practice!!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,8/11/2013,46,29,8,8,8>A low-key-luxe ambiance that creates a polished, but unpretentious night out is exactly what you've been looking for... and Quench... is the place to make you realize it. Seating options include a dog-friendly patio, a comfy couch arrangement, tables and chairs, high-tops for two, and my personal favorite... leather bar stools that fill up quickly and hug you in all the right places (you know, the way you wish Hugh Jackman would). You'll be spooning with them (the chairs) at the bar in minutes while perusing the artsy menu, deliberating over your favorite question of the day... what to drink? It's then that you'll realize that this man (Matt), or woman (Caitlyn) standing in front of you is capable of guaranteeing happiness in your immediate future... and you like it. You'll be in good hands as they whisk, shake, stir, squeeze, strain, ignite, and finally pour whatever your heart desires into a glass. They capture gustatory enigmas in shakers and release them over beautiful cubes of ice for your pleasure. Highly amenable to experimentation, I've found the bartenders here are open to getting to know both you and your palate as you describe what it is that tickles your fancy that night. In execution, they usually nail it on the head, if not landing pretty close. Forging this sort of relationship is best done on quiet nights though... nights that take on more of an adagio feel, and there's both time and space to appreciate the efforts of hand-crafting. SO, if you walk in and it's a little quiet... don't be shy, come in, pull up one of those lovely bar stools, and know that you're in for a treat. You might even end up sitting next the the owner, Mike. He's there quite a bit as you can imagine and he's all smiles, will easily chat with you, and is as charming as his bar. He's also been tremendous in receiving constructive comments as well as compliments (he's somehow managed to respond to almost every-single review here) and seems always game for "raising the bar" in anyway he can. An added advantage of Quench is that its understated nature lends itself to remaining a best-kept-secret (despite an endless slew of stellar reviews). Tucked away off of Shady Grove Road in the Traville Shopping Center, it's quiet, intimate, and private yet full of smiles, good conversations, and solid music that suits the mood (sorry Katy Perry lovers... not tonight). Bartenders here are underrated cocktail masterminds that pride themselves on maintaining a fully-loaded bar complete with a butane torch, various infusions, delightful surprises, and novel indulgences. There's a consistency in the level of quality here that you don't find in other bars with perhaps higher volume, but also higher turn-over rates.I'm looking forward to seeing this place develop a group of "regulars" as interesting as it's menu. I anticipate that it will, or already has become a neighborhood staple. Well, I guess I'll see you at Quench!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,8/10/2013,73,233,3,9,2>Why I do I love Sapphire?  No surprise here, it's the buffet.  Their regular menu is good, but the buffet is where it's at - especially on the weekends, when it runs all day (most local restaurants stop running theirs at 3PM).  It's pretty similar on weekdays at lunchtime and on the weekends, but they add a few more things on Saturday and Sunday.  The food is consistent, fresh and regularly refilled.  I don't think everything is quite as flavorful as it might be at some of the other local Indian restaurants, but the flavors are still good.  Dishes are definitely less spicy here, which is a selling point when you're bringing a large group and not everyone has a cast iron stomach.  (They do handle large groups well, by the way, and this is a popular birthday lunch destination among my coworkers.)There's a good mix of vegetarian and meat dishes, as the cuisine here represents Northern and Southern Indian food as well as Thai food.  The Thai selections on the buffet are always few and far between, which just makes them all the more out of place.  But I enjoy the wide selection of appetizers and entrees, and a really nice chutney bar that has all of my favorites.  They bring fresh dosai to your table on the weekend.  The tikka masala sauce is creamy and rich, the tandoori chicken is moist and smoky, the raita is nice and thick, and their mixed fruit pickle is the best I've had.  And sometimes I am surprised by dishes I've never encountered before - this weekend, they had a mushroom-based dish that was delicious.  My favorite thing on the buffet?  Dessert.  All-you-can-eat gulab jamun and all-you-can-drink masala tea!  I always joke that I'm going to start at that end, and eventually I'm going to do it.  Sometimes I even pour the delicious syrup from my gulab jamun into the tea, which tastes like sweet victory.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/9/2013,303,800,4,5,5>The roommate and I have been slowly eating our way through the menu at Joe's. So hey, if you're thinking of going sometime, ya know, feel free to invite one of us. We'll likely join you. The interior is pink which for some reason really amuses me every time we go. You order at the back and somehow they magically know/remember where you are sitting without taking a table number or your name. We've ordered a variety of eggplant dishes here- you can skip the crispy salty eggplant and the crispy eggplant with brown sauce because well, they're both the same dish (just one without sauce)...and it's not great. Far too much breading and was once still cold in the middle. BUT the Yuxiang eggplant is definitely worth ordering. It's simply delightful. I've also really enjoyed their version of homestyle tofu with pork and their scallion pancake. The scallion pancake is a bit lighter than the one you'll find at A&J and very crisp. Their jiaozi (dumplings), however, are not my favorite of all the options out there but they are still tasty. Braised pork belly with fried tofu- really fatty but really delicious. Turnip cake and salty crispy chicken- recommend both. The turnip cake is only available on weekends til 3PM. To sum it up, I love Joe's! It reminds me of the place I love (China) and feeds me all of the delicious China eats I miss dearly.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/8/2013,64,156,2,4,4>We came here for the Doggie Menu on the Patio. And the doggie loved it. They were out of Bowser Beer, but he received a fresh bowl of water & an entree of doggie meatballs. He loved them. We had a few Happy Hour beers at 2.75 (woof!) and two burgers. My Hey Mac! Burger with bacon & Mac n cheese was delicious, but over-cooked by temp. My husband's Level 3 burger had sirracha, jalepano, and so on - which was great - but was also overcooked. The fries were yummy.We loved it, and having our Dog-son with us was worth any hiccups in service or the lack of Bowser Beer.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,8/7/2013,124,241,7,8,2>It was love at first sight.The first time I drove by this place, which despite being right on Rockville Pike seems hidden, I knew it was meant to be.This place is not for the faint of heart. What I mean is if you're looking for a nicely furnished bar with lots of beer options or cocktails (Hell, I don't think they even have liquor) or even food (unless your idea of dinner is a buffet of Utz chips, pretzels, etc), then is DEFINITELY not the place for you.This place takes me back to my college days of drinking in scuzzy bars with cheap beer and old men that have nothing else to do but drink and tell stories of the glory days (which is probably one of the reasons I love it so much).Anyway, come for the stupidly cheap beer (I'm pretty sure it's $2.75 during happy hour), stay for the people watching and excellent stories.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,8/6/2013,420,334,,4,3>What a cute place to relax with wine and cheese!We stumbled upon this place after googling wine tasting places in the area. This was the highest rated, and we saw why. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you go inside it's a dimly lit, nice place to sit and enjoy; you sit to the backdrop of a lot. of. wine bottles. I'm always skeptical of places that serve just plain sandwiches, but you will be pleasantly surprised here with the food.During our first visit, we tried their cheese sampler to go, which was pretty good value for $8; you get some grapes, some bread, and 3 types of cheese. It was enough for two people to enjoy with wine at home. During our recent second visit, we sat outside and ordered. The waitress was really friendly and got us our food pretty quickly. We tried their vegan chilli (which had quinoa in it) and it was really delicious. Fresh, healthy and light. We got our usual cheese sampler that has our favorite horseradish and peppercorn cheeses. Only complaint: they should have cheese knives for those who order the samplers, it'd be a lot easier to cut. We also ordered the tuna melt sandwich and mesquite chicken sandwich. Both toasted and came out pretty tasty! The tuna melt sandwich was especially good cause it wasn't some canned tuna salad variety, it was actual whole chunks of white tuna, then baked in cheese. Yummy. Chips are eh, just your usual Utz or Lays. You can sub it out for more grapes, which were washed quite well, which a germaphobe like me can appreciate. Suggestion: kettle chips would be well received. Overall, a nice place to sit and gab over cheese, wine, and simple sandwiches done right.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,8/4/2013,8,7,,2,2>I am very happy with this new sushi spot in Rockville.  The sushi is very fresh, the restaurant is clean, the service was good and the portions are fair to large. They have a lunch special, 2 rolls for $6.25, which is very reasonable in my opinion. We ordered a white tuna roll and a salmon roll, I had the sashimi special which is 6 piece California roll a 6 pieces of sashimi. The fish was cut very well and practically melted in my mouth.  Ramen was also ordered and enjoyed. Well seasoned, not too salty, tender cuts of pork I think and of course an egg. Last but not least we ordered one specialty roll, the red dragon maki. Beautiful to look at and so tasty. Served on a long dish and arranged liked a dragon. It is spicy, crunchy tuna with avocado. The spicy in it is Siracha, I believe, and its delicious! I highly recommend this place. As much as I like Niwano Hana, they are way overpriced.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,8/3/2013,31,44,,3,3>I finally tried this phenomenon. There are truly 3 trucks in a line. #1 and #3 are owned by the same guy. He was there and warmly welcomed me. He translated my order to his cook. I tried the #1 truck (Mexico Pueblo) which is supposedly the most popular. I tried 3 types of tacos: steak, chicken and pork. I liked them in that order. The pork was decent but a little fatty. The steak and chicken were 5-stars. It isn't that easy to get the right flavor to a steak or chicken taco. Ever think about that? I mean, you throw some steak on a hot stove... that isn't hard. Ever go to a Japanese hibachi place though? They take unseasoned steak or chicken, cook it in front of you, possibly apply some salt/pepper and serve it. It's not that good. It is under-seasoned and very plain. Truck #1 somehow got that grilled, smoky goodness to be perfected. The smell of the cooking meat took me right back to Mexico City. The chicken was really great too. These are quite authentic tacos. When I bit into the steak there was that charcoal, earthy, slight burn that you can only get by cooking the meat perfectly. They are small but I would say 3-4 of them will stuff most grown men. They add just the right about of diced white onion and fresh cilantro; all served inside a small corn tortilla. Last time I was in Mexico you could buy this same thing from a street vendor for about 50 cents per taco but they were not as stuffed with meat in Mexico. They only offer 2 sauces (hot and mild). The mild sauce has a hint of heat and a really nice tomato flavor. The hot is made from either roasted habaneros or chipotles, I think. I didn't ask and it was hard to tell but besides the heat it brings it was mostly flavorless except for the sharp bitterness. I think a little salt would help this sauce a lot.  I do have one complaint! A true Tacos el Pastor should have pineapple grilled with the pork. This had no pineapple. Mexico Pueblo (aka. MVA Truck #1 or "MP") vs. Taco Bar @ the Rio: MP wins hands down when it comes to the flavor of the meat and the authenticity of the taco. This is very close to the real deal in Mexico. The MP tacos are smaller than Taco Bar but less expensive. I saw them fit 6 tacos in a to-go container but Taco Bar can only fit 3. The MP tacos, being smaller, are easier to pick up and eat without everything falling out. Taco Bar's fixings bar is awesome though. It is better than MPs two sauce choice. I think for overall flavor and old Mexico rustic charm I have to give the edge to MP (truck #1) at the MVA. However, I am pretty torn. I really did miss the various salsa choices from Taco Bar. You cannot go wrong with either place and I look forward to trying the MVA trucks more after this. It was really good! I have to give it 5-stars not only for the quality of product but the price.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,9/5/2014,70,201,4,10,8>Best pupusas in MoCo (with great latin slaw)!  Great tacos! This place is struggling only because of its location. If it were in a more lively location instead of being behind a gas station and cattycorner from a tattoo parlor, they'd be hoppin'!  They need, and deserve your patronage if you like latino foods (we gotta try the flautas), but they have so much more, e.g. Dominican specialties. The pescado frito (small whole fried fish) was particularly good, as were the accompanying fries, so we know they fry things well here, and we'll try the flautas the next time.If you've been reading my reviews, you may have noticed that I'm not big on sweets/desserts, so when I tell you to "take the cheesecake," you really should.  Deep fried in a light shell, it's creamy, delicious and, like the accompanying cinnamon ice cream, not too sweet!See you there! (but not on Mondays, when they're closed)
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/4/2014,6,39,2,6,7>Ah! The elusive five-star review!Jimmie Cone is more than a simple ice cream shop, it is a MoCo institution. Anyone who has been in the are for long will base directions in the Damascus area in relation to Jimmie Cone. The ice cream is thick and creamy in all the right ways. While many other menu options are available (e.g., classic shakes, yogurt, and the always tempting banana split) I have never ventured off the illuminated path of the swirl. As mentioned by other reviewers the strawberry flavor is worth its weight in gold. The jimmies are not conserved, and if requested will be liberally applied. Ahhhh, yeah.Worthy notes: -this business is CASH ONLY-the parking lot is a bit of a game of bumper car-as this place is no secret you should come prepared to wait in line
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,9/3/2014,237,360,5,11,11>4.25* for DMV Korean ChineseWhere on earth have I been? After all these years, I had no idea this Korean Chinese restaurant existed in the DMV area.  I thought only Annandale had the best Korean Chinese restaurants in this area.  How good is it? I think it easily beats out on Choong Hwa Won and Jang Won.The one distinguishing factor about this place is that their noodles are handmade.  You'll hear constant banging in the kitchen and you can see the action going on yourself by looking through a window that opens up to the kitchen in the corner of the restaurant.  Handmade noodles, while it seems appealing, is a love-it or hate-it kind of thing for most.  The noodles have a texture that is quite different from processed noodles. It's a lot thicker in size because the noodles are cut using a knife, and the taste isn't uniform because the shape is inconsistent throughout the noodle. That being said, it's not as bad as it sounds..and this is one of the few things that you have to try out to see if you like it or not (it applies to most things but it's especially the case for these noodles).The highlight here is the Kang Poong Gi, which I think is the best Korean-style chicken dish I've tried in the DMV area (yes that includes the crappy Bon-Chon).  It's a crispy fried, sweet and spicy chicken with a hard glazing on top that is created using malt syrup.  It is perfectly crispy and flavored with the right amount of garlic and spices.  The chicken pieces were sized correctly, which makes the ratio of chicken size to sauce flavoring consistent.  I have everything to like about this dish and I'd say it was a very very big surprise to find something this good here.  This is a 5* chicken dish for a Kang Poong Ki and a good representation of good Korean-Chinese style fried chicken.The other highlight was the sweet and sour pork dish (tang soo yook).  The sauce was right, the flour to meat size ratio was a bit off with to much flour, the presentation was great, and the sauce was on the mark (minus a bit of cinnamon).  However, it missed on one key metric: crispiness.  As for the noodles, I have yet to find good Jja-jang myun (noodles with black bean sauce) in the US and have never in my entire time in my 10+ years in the US, encountered 1 place that made jja-jang-myun comparable to the top 5% of places in Korea.  It's no surprise that Da Rae Won did not hit the mark as well.  The black bean sauce lacks the sweet and addicting flavor that I love so much about Jja-jang myun in Korea.In sum, the Kang Poong Gi is a must order staple dish for this restaurant.  In my opinion, this dish should rank in the top 5% of dishes of this type even in Korea.  Don't miss out on it!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,9/2/2014,48,139,5,6,4>Kim gives the best massages with a pedicure I've ever had.  Pedicure with paraffin wax treatment is $32.I've been to Kim twice as a walk-in.  Today I had I had less than stellar service from a deaf employee (someone else), and I feel awkward about complaining about it.  The water temp was lukewarm, trimming/filing my toenails was painful, the massage was sub-par.  I  had to talk to other employees working on other people to stop the pain and that was really awkward.  Bottom line: make an appointment with Kim!  They do accept credit cards--$15 minimum, and the prices are higher by $2-4.  Tips only accepted in cash.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,9/1/2014,59,153,4,4,7>In a strip mall off of Hungerford, where there are many choices to be had. If you want good food AND its a bargain, try this place out!First, beware what you order. This may determine what kind of experience you have here... sure, be adventurous but at yr own risk ;) For me, the pho was pretty good. And decent size. At other pho places a regular is easily finishable, but at this place, nope. Had to get a to go container! Mmmmmm....Apps are good, got the spring roll. Fresh out of the fryer...Last, the drinks. Thai tea. Yes! And if you like sweet things try the Logan sweet syprup tea... mmmm.... I will go back for that!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2014,8/31/2014,77,235,5,7,7>I love this place!!  I found a new go to spot for a quick breakfast sandwich or a bagel. This place is very good!  The staff are very friendly.  I laughed the entire time I was waiting at the lady behind the counter!  She was very friendly and extremely nice!  I ordered a cinnamon raisin bagel sandwich with egg and cheese and it was delicious!  The Guy ordered a whole wheat wrap with egg, cheese and sausage.  Both items were very delicious!  For a quick breakfast, this is our new go to spot!  I love this little place!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,8/30/2014,93,114,3,6,7>This bakery is the reason i moved to Rockville! :)In all seriousness, I don't generally eat breakfast but if I am walking the dog in that direction, I make sure to bring my wallet and stop here. For $2 I can get a mini baguette with bacon and cheese. Yum!They have all the usual yummy french bakery goodies. I hear they make great breakfast sandwiches too. For just a few dollars, you can get a bacon, egg and cheese on a mini baguette. I have seen him eat 2. :)Every once in a while they have little pastries for $1. They are mini versions of the larger ones that sell for over $2.Grab something delicious to eat here and walk next door to the coffee place to sip your cafe au lait and eat your croissant. Heaven.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,8/29/2014,188,290,4,6,5>This review is for 07/14/14 Last time I went to the dentist, the dentist wasn't able to properly numb me for some reason. I kept crying because I could actual feel the root canal procedure. Kid you not! The damn man wanted to continue because he felt like I was being dramatic. I refused... I was afraid of going to the dentist until I came to Dental One in Capitol Heights. When I walked in I was shaking like a stripper's booty. My heart was racing. I told the dental assistant that I was truly afraid, but LaShawn (I believe that's her name) made me feel a little better. Then, the dentist, Dr. Wilson, came to check my teeth, I became scared again, but his pleasant bedside manner calmed my nerves. The other dental assistant came and discussed costs, and what I NEED to have done immediately. I had a root canal that day. Dr. Wilson HAD to really numb me. He had to use more dosages than the average person. He took me serious when I told him that I wasn't numb. After about 30 minutes of trying to numb me, he finally succeeded. The root canal was painless as possible, and my faith in dentists was restored. I am truly thankful for Dr. Wilson and his staff. They were truly professional and upbeat. I love their personalities, and their ability to calm my fears. I know have a regular dentist in Maryland.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,8/28/2014,29,137,4,4,6>Yummy!!!  Before going to Mosaic (their sister restaurant), I hadn't had savory waffles before.  Now I can't imagine my life without savory waffle sandwiches.  They are light and delectable and all sandwiches are made fresh to order.  I also really enjoy their mushroom soup and tomato soup.Wicked Waffle is a delightfully fresh and yummy choice with the convenience of being in the mall's food court.  I will definitely be back soon!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,8/27/2014,23,59,5,6,7>So good for meat and cheese lovers.  This is a new place to me down in silver spring.  I love the industrial/modern decor all around.  I went with 5 people total and we all ordered appetizers, entrees and desserts.  I must say everything was absolutely delicious!  I had the beef short loin with mashed potatoes.  This is definitely for someone with a huge appetite! The cut was massive, I had to take it home.  You can tell the owner/chef really cares about his craft and takes some real time and energy to perfect it.  You can even witness it in the open kitchen area.  This place is also great if you just want to carryout a piece of meat to cook yourself.  My mom bought the lamb sausages which seriously did not taste like any other lamb I have ever eaten, it was so much better.  My only qualm is the price! Very expensive for my taste.  I would only go here to buy something to take home or have a quick drink and a snack.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,11/27/2014,54,161,3,6,1>Thanks to yelp and people who've yelped about Pampered Poodles I've got a great convenient place to bring my Foxy.I've never really liked Petsmart or Petco for bringing Foxy because I don't really know if I can trust some of the younger kids who work there, but Carrie was great. She seemed to know her stuff without having to refer to a manual or binder to figure out what my pomeranian needed.I called after reading some reviews here and Carrie was able to fit me in on the same day. Her little workshop is in the basement of I think her home and less than 15 minutes from me so it was great.If you plan to visit check out the website because if it's your first time you can print a coupon for $5 off.There are no clear signs of the house number or the shop. It's the first house on the block and you park in the driveway, walk around the side of the house before you see a sign by steps leading down to the workshop. Watch out for the mosquitos, too!Down the stairs and through the doors you'll enter a cozy space with some crates, yappy little dogs, and Carrie's workspace! She's not a whole lot of talk but a whole lot of love towards the little pups. So I filled out a form, crated Foxy, and was told that I'd be called when she was ready to be picked up.I got a call about 2 hours later and returned to a room filled with happy yappy little dogs. There were at least 10 little dogs and one bigger dog who all looked like they were groomed and having a blast. NO CREDIT CARDS! Cash and check only.I love supporting small and startup businesses.As a new patron Foxy got:Hair cutHair brushedNails trimsEars CleanedA bowand even Perfume!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,11/23/2014,91,63,1,5,3>I found this place via the reviews on Yelp and got a groupon or livingsocial so that I could try out a wax. Apita is amazing, I got my wax the beginning of July, I was running late so I called her to let her know I thought I got off at the wrong metro stop. She is SO nice and super sweet about it. So, I rush in like a crazy person (sweaty, fumbling, and confused); she immediately made me feel relaxed again. I explained that this was my first wax and I was worried about the pain. She talked me through the whole process and told me about her life and asked me about mine. She is amazing. If I could bring her to all things that freak me out I would. It wasn't as painful as I thought it would be. Definitely a lot less painful than waxing my legs or my arms, and I was getting a Brazilian. I feel like that says something. I have been recommending her to everyone I know that shaves, and I have been telling them to stop. The house is like 5-10 minute walk from the Bethesda Metro stop.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,11/22/2014,614,994,15,13,14>Ode to The Magical Meat Fairy:There is a place Far away from strife,Where any fatty can go To gorge for his life.To Iron Age! Where the tender meats will roast,To the Magical Meat Fairy!To whom with soju we shall toast!For she is the one Who brings out the platters,Full of meaty goodness(the only thing that matters).Yes there is banchanAnd crispy vegetable pancakes,There are soups and eggsForget that - BRING ON THE STEAKS!As she sets up the grill -Oh so delightfully quick,Cooking meats and more meatsWe eat until we're delightfully sick.Always quick and friendlyIs our Magical Meat Fairy,Keeping our plates fullShe never frowns nor tarries.We ask to switch grillsSo we can have spicy pork belly,So tender and flavorfulLike a fatty delicious piece of jelly.Finally, the last of our sojuWe drunkenly drink,Nay - she brings us moreWith a cheerful wink.To our Magical Meat FairyYou know who you are -Our bellies will forever love you,You'll always be our meat star!So in summary of this ode:For as long as I can fart...Oh dearest Magical Meat Fairy,You'll always be in my heart.P.S. TIP YOUR SERVERS WELL. If you don't, and you make my Magical Meat Fairy unhappy - I will CUT YOU. CUUUUUUT YOU.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,11/21/2014,138,379,3,6,6>The pretzels and baked goods at the main entrance are to die for. Always fresh! Do not pass them by.My friend swears by their ribs. You can take them to go or eat in the mini dining area. It's about $20 for a full rack. They also have a huge selection of candy but look no further than the chocolate covered bacon. Need I say more?* CASH ONLY for many of the areas and closed Sundays *
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/3/2014,11/20/2014,49,285,3,3,4>BJ's carry their own diverse selection of brews. The menu is fairly extensive. The decor is modern and warm. The service was good. We enjoyed the wings and shrimp wraps for our appetizers. The wings were sauced and spiced nicely and they were plump, juicy, and slightly crisp. The shrimp in the wraps were lightly blackened and additional toppings were fresh and crisp. We shared a pizza for our meal. The crust was unique to anything that I have had before. It was thin and crispy without being crunchy. The toppings were perfectly balanced with the sauce and cheese.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,11/19/2014,48,110,3,21,5>The Yelp reviews are not exaggerated! I've never gotten a Brazilian wax before because I work in the beauty business and too often I see places that offer waxing DOUBLE DIP the wax applicator. Which is absolutely disgusting because wax is a preservative so wax goes on someone with Hep C, back in wax, next person to get waxed is now infected... You get the jist. So after reading all the great reviews I decided to take the plunge, as Nervous as I was I felt safe coming to Cera.. They don't double dip and they specialize in waxing ONLY. Upon arriving I was offered a refreshment and chocolate, signed the release papers and I was whisked away by Jacqueline. She made me feel so comfortable, I didn't feel weird having to get undressed or anything...She then explains the process of hard waxing to me knowing that it's my first time.. Wax is applied, I brace for the worst *FRPPPP* (waxing being pulled) and I was LITERALLY AMAZED... Wait... That couldn't be real... I can't even describe the feeling as pain because it didn't hurt... WHAT??? PAINLESS? Yes! Even parts where I thought would make me succumb to quitting blew my mind... It was almost enjoyable! I couldn't believe it, all those horror stories I've heard and read about online seemed like a myth... I'm throwing away every razor I own and will never buy another one.Jacqueline is like a waxing God, how did she make my Brazilian borderline relaxing? I'm amazed and I'm sold. I'd totally recommend this place to anybody looking for a professional and sterile hair removal experience. Then two days later I get a follow up phone call to make sure everything is still great, now that's customer service! Love it
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,11/18/2014,180,122,3,4,4>My friend and I had dinner here last night. Upon arrival, we were seated quickly.The Atmosphere:It's a nice bar and grille with tv's to watch The World Cup. It was not loud. The booths were comfy. I liked the dimmed light setting. The Staff:The staff were very friendly - they greeted us as we arrived and exited. Our server (Steve H.) was helpful in food recommendations and kept asking if we needed anything.The Food:The food came out quickly. The Pan Roasted Chicken came with a potato cake (which I wouldn't mind having it for breakfast every morning), mushroom and carrots.  The Short Rib Carbonade was served over pasta and garnished with mushroom and carrots. It was one of the best Pan Roasted Chicken and Short Rib Carbonade that we have ever tasted. The meat was tender and full of flavor.  Not only was the food delicious, it was well presented. The Drinks:They have a wide selection of cocktails, beers, and wines. The Arnold Palmer was a bit on the sour side.I would definitely return and totally recommend this restaurant. I have yet to come back and try the Mussels and Scottish Salmon!
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,11/17/2014,37,3,4,5,7>Hubby and I chose this spot to reunite for a drink and meal after having not spent much time together in the recent weeks he wanted a semi-casual spot that was cozy but lively; Clyde's at Tower Oaks was the perfect choice!The "curb appeal" around the front door is nice and settling and a bit romantic in the evening. We arrived late so we didn't have to wait but during prime time I wouldn't mind sitting out next to the water and chatting if there was a wait.Service was spot on our first night from the time we stepped foot in the door until we headed out we were given tons of warm smiles and treated as special guests! Our waitress was engaging,knew her menu well and a tad bit outgoing which I totally dig!The food portions here are LARGE and our meal absolutely delish! We split the Niman Ranch Pork Chop which was cooked perfectly and seasoned heavily for just the right flavor. Our drinks were kept full througout but server was not at all intrusive which allowed me to have a nice reconnect with my man!I would recommend Clyde's for most anyone looking for a solid dinner with awesome atomosphere and stellar service!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2014,11/16/2014,81,187,5,11,9>Nainai in Chinese means grandmother.  This restaurant pays tribute to the owner's grandmother, as you will notice when you enter the restaurant. All of their menu items have cute names like Bow Chicka Wow Bao, Pai Gow Noodles, Emperor's New Clothes, etc! I wanted to try everything.  I'm so glad I came here with fellow Yelpers for this month's Yelp Luck Club dinner.  We ordered a lot!Samurai Soba Salad: This is a great appetizer to start with. It has lightly sauced soba noodles and edamame.Sun Yat Sen Rolls: This is a normal vegetarian spring roll with cabbage, mushroom, and celery with sweet chili sauce.  Nothing mind-blowing.Bao: I think we got the Thao Shalt Not Bao. Whatever it was, I wasn't that impressed.  The meat was a little overcooked and dry.The Zodiac (3 of each type of dumpling): This is a sampler of the four types of dumplings. The Year of the Ox is a pan-fried beef dumpling. The Year of the Rabbit is a steamed vegetarian dumpling with clear noodles, bok choy, and other veggies.  The Year of the Dragon is a steamed dumpling with shrimp, fish, and scallops.  The Year of the Pig is a steamed dumpling made of, yep, pork.  Out of the four, I liked the Year of the Ox dumpling the best. Maybe because it was pan-fried.  It just seemed tastier.  The skin of the steamed dumplings seemed a little too thick and they just weren't as memorable for my palate as the beef one.  They do have really tasty sauces for dipping though!Crouching Tiger, Hidden Noodle Soup:  This is a home-style kind of noodle soup, something any Chinese mom can easily whip up.  It was delicious and had plenty of vegetables.  It's like a Chinese style of chicken noodle soup, but with pork. Streets of Taipei: This has beef brisket and bokchoy in a slightly spicy beef broth. This was so delicious and flavorful.  It's an excellent choice to eat during the cold winter!The noodles used in both of these noodle soups are made fresh daily.  All noodle dishes are also served a small side of edamame, peanuts, and a pickled veggie.Tipsy Noodles with Tofu: By the time I got this, I was already too full, but I tried a little bit of the flat noodle. This is supposed to be a play-off of Drunken Noodles, but it was not very spicy. I will have to try this again when I return.Sesame balls for dessert (off the menu): The bite-size sesame balls came in this cute, rubber take out container.  It was good. The fried sesame on the outside made it crispy and chewy.  The red bean paste inside was not overly sweet.This place seems like a fast food restaurant because you order and pay at the counter and you get your own utensils and sauces, but the quality of the food here is far from that.  The food is nothing fancy, but it is delicious and made fresh.  The service was great. I'd definitely return to try other dishes. Don't forget to bring a picture of your Nainai (grandmother) and stick it on their wall!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,11/15/2014,295,219,6,4,4>I've been coming here since they first opened. Nothing has ever changed-- other than how many people were standing in line.Rice, vegetables, meat, and great sauce. Ricky's does one thing very well...in at least 15 ways! Their food is fresh, served hit over good rice, and the flavors are exquisitely done. Long Live Ricky's Rice Bowl!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/25/2014,151,52,3,5,3>Back from my reviewing hiatus, I MUST review my neighborhood watering hole. I am proudly one of the regulars here (shout out to the Brew Crew: Lindsay, Marcela, Fred, Janet, Weston, Anthony, Jennifer, etc.)They have an excellent selection of craft beers on draft here that they rotate on the regular. Happy hour (Monday through Friday 5-7pm) is an excellent deal as all drafts are half off as well as deals on wines and apps. The best deal that I always come back for is Burger Tuesdays, in which their AMAZING wagyu burger is $5. This burger is normally $10 and is worth every delicious penny. This comes with a side of fries/pasta salad, both of which are great. The fries are cooked in garlic and herbs and their pasta salad is made with some delicious crack that I cannot describe. Pair this with a fantastic half price draft craft beer and you can see why Tuesday is my second favorite day of the work week after Friday.Their lobster mac and cheese is bomb too and priced at $18 isn't too bad. They put bacon and add a kick of spice with bits of jalapeno. I grab this whenever I feel like I'm getting too skinny and need to add a couple of pounds. Their brunch is also excellent as I've tried their crab and lobster dishes, I just wish they were able to offer bottomless mimosas like their Dupont location but that cannot be helped. What gives this 5 stars besides their excellent food and beers are their staff. The bartenders are extremely friendly and are always welcoming. I love seeing Matt, Dan, Tiff, Gene, and the rest of the crew whenever I go to Scion. They make you feel right at home. They're all great people and I have also have had the privilege to go out drinking with them on occasion after Scion closes. It's a great feeling because you're not just a customer, but you become part of the family. We have even had Scion crew BBQs, baseball game outings, and other fun things.P.S. Please don't look at my number of check ins here and judge me lol
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,10/24/2014,58,22,4,6,5>As a critically discerning diner, I don't readily give out five star reviews. This place earns and deserves every star.There is something special about an Italian restaurant that even makes their extruded pasta in house. I haven't had better homemade and better cooked pasta anywhere...not in Italy, not in Batali's, not in my kitchen. This is quite a feat by a twelve table joint that doesn't take reservations (it's democratically first come first serve and that's how we like it). Don't like the no reservations policy? Come at five sharp when they open or don't come at all...I could use your seat.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,10/23/2014,104,20,3,9,5>Great place to grab a couple specialty beers or a few glasses of wine. I love the decor and how clean the place is. I'll definitely be stopping by here for my bottles of wine and champagne. My favorite champagne, Veuve Clicquot Brut, was on sale last weekend! It's the cheapest you can find in town, especially in Montgomery county. They were also the only place in Montgomery county that had the flying dog dead rise old bay ale in stock. Someone obviously know what their doing around there!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,10/22/2014,102,254,1,6,4>Yipeeee! Yum! GO HERE. DO IT. From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but just go INSIDE. Delicious Afghan food! The tea was wonderfully spiced, add some sweetener to your liking. The bread they serve is puffy and great just by itself. It's also great to pick up any of the yogurt/meat sauce that is leftover from your food. And yes, yogurt and meat topped on everything is always great! **Green salad - This came with the food and the dressing (I believe a yogurt based one) was delicious! **Pakowray Bademjan (fried eggplant with yogurt and meat) - The eggplant tasted of fried goodness, and the yogurt made it feel a little less oily.**Sabsi - Just a bowl of garlicy spinach. Great on its own... but extremely great with the basmati rice or with the bread.**Kabu (pumpkin and yogurt meat sauce) - The pumpkin is soft (just the right consistency), sweet and warm and the yogurt meat sauce gives just the right amount of savory taste to make this side dish great. (This is definitely a must)**Mantu entree - Dumplings dumplings oh dumplings! The wrappers have been cooked just right... and meat on the inside and meat on the outside with yogurt? It really can't get better than that. The spices and onions and garlic make it just right! The appetizer comes with 4 and the entree comes with 8 of these dumplings (I believe so , but I ate too fast to keep count)**Kabob-E-Gousfand (lamb skewers with basmati rice) - OH THE BASMATI RICE was GREAT. Look for an entree that comes with that rice! The lamb skewers had just the right marinade, many layers of taste... the only thing was it was a little tough to eat (it could have been a little more tender) - The reason I give 4 stars and not 5 is because the service could be a bit better (the food was slow to come out, it took a great deal of time and waiting to get our checks, etc) - however, the staff was friendly. In addition, the food is a little overpriced, but it can definitely be worth it if you're willing to splurge at some point!:)
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,10/21/2014,48,117,7,10,3>I really don't know why this place gets a bad rep and poor star ratings. Yes, this place is located in the "ghetto" (thank goodness it's not open 24 hours) but didn't you know that most bad neighborhoods have the BEST inexpensive stores? And what I mean by ghetto, I'm not talking about being afraid you might get hit with a stray bullet type of ghetto. This ain't Anacostia, relax!Yes, you have to pay 25 cents to borrow their cart. Why? So they don't have to hire somebody to fetch your cart because you're too lazy to return it back. Return the cart and you get your 25 cents back. Stop whining. Bring your own bags.Yes, you have to pay cash, debit card or checks. Don't like it? Oh well, go pay more for the same items with your credit card somewhere else.Yes, majority of the items are non well-known items; privately labeled. The quality is the same, or even better, than what you find in supermarkets. Trust me, you're better off eating off-brand food than eating overly processed Big Macs.Yes, they do not accept coupons. I am a coupon queen but that does not bother me because the prices are as cheap (or cheaper) if you were to use coupons at Shoppers, Giant, Safeway etc. Yes, this place gets pack and lines are usually long, just like Costco. There's no indication as to where the lines are, just like Costco. You may encounter smelly or rude people, just like the rest of the world. If you're saving all these $$$, why are you still complaining? If Aldi does not please you, nothing would ever please you! Bow!
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,10/20/2014,36,49,4,7,5>I love this place so so much. I think I've come here about once every weekend since it opened.First off, so... many.... board games. About 500? If you're a board game enthusiast you will not be disappointed. Also, if you're a person who considers themselves a light gamer, they have more family-style games. The staff is more than willing to help teach you how to play games as well.I was so excited for this board game cafe that they could have fed me anything and I would have been happy just to be surrounded by endless gaming. But the food is SOOOO good. I was pleasantly surprised. The sweet potato fries, the pesto chicken (with the pesto sauce made in house), the iced coffee, the desserts..I think I have tried every item on the menu.. and I love it all. I just love this place, the vibes, the staff. The staff is great, the service is always attentive and prompt! They're really going for building more of a community rather then just solely being a business.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,10/19/2014,303,800,3,4,4>There's always been a wait when I've come here on the weekends but we've always been seated pretty quickly. Obviously you need to get pancakes or waffles. I've actually gotten the waffle works every time I've come here which is 1/2 waffle, eggs, bacon and scattered hashbrowns. It's too good for me to stray from it. But I suppose one time I'm going to have to switch to pancakes. Service is always friendly and they are quick to refill coffee which is very important.Parking can be a clusterf... but I find that it's usually worth it.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/18/2014,62,211,7,9,9>Pasta Plus is a long time locals' favorite, tucked away in an otherwise defunct strip behind an Arby's and a muffler shop. Your first clue that you have found verace Italiano is the wood burning brick oven just inside the middle door.From left to right, the first room is the Market, which offers fresh pasta, sauces, oil, wine, freshly baked authentic bread warm from the oven, sweets, and a few prepared dishes. Its eight marble tables also serve (or pack for carry out) most of the items on the menu when the main dining rooms are closed, such as on Mondays, as well as subs on that fresh bread and real Italian style (dressed rather than smothered) pizza. The middle room is lined with racks of wine bottles, and the smaller room has murals of the Italian countryside. With only 65 seats, waits for a table are not uncommon on weekends.The owners, Sabbatino and Massimo (Max) Mazziotti are from Abbruzzo, on the Adriatic coast, so it's not surprising that the menu includes many seafood items as well as the expected array of pastas and meat dishes as well as some regional preparations such as sausage with cannellini beans and polenta. I almost always order from the specials page, which varies with the season. Service is warm and impeccable. Prices are very moderate, mostly under $20 for dinner, which includes a salad and a side, your choice of a small serving of house made fettuccine with marinara or perfectly grilled vegetables. Serving size is so abbondanza that doggy boxes are always offered. Wide selection of wine, from house by the carafe to if you have to ask.Make sure to get on their email list to receive advance notice of their quarterly wine dinners. Six courses paired with selected wines, which may be ordered by the case at a discounted price if you find one you love.Summing up: the most authentic Italian food I've had that I didn't pay for with lira.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2014,10/17/2014,104,81,4,6,5>The Potomac Grill is one of the cooler locally-owned restaurants in the Rockville/North Bethesda area.  They feature lunch and dinner, a full-service bar, and many events and specials throughout the week.They've recently updated the interior of the restaurant - new paint, a redesign of the private banquet (formerly the 'Fish Room') area, updates on many other elements - that makes the space even more inviting than it was before.  The ambiance is casual/classy, with white table cloths covered with butcher paper.The best part is the live music.  Every Friday and Saturday night, and for Sunday's All-You-Can-Eat Brunch and Omelettes, there is live music.  A whole range of different styles of music, from jazz and swing to rock and jam bands, are played, sometime until the wee hours of the morning.  Sunday Brunch also has a live jazz duo on sax and guitar - great stuff!The Happy Hour at the Potomac Grill is pretty awesome, as well.  It runs Monday through Friday, 3PM-8PM - that's way more than most places!  You can get $2 longnecks of the big beers, $4 bottle of craft brews, and other specials.All in all, I'm glad to have the Potomac Grill as my neighborhood bar.  They are friendly, local, and make great food (I'm partial to the gumbo, myself), so what's not to like?  The only reason this review is four stars is that I've heard from my wife and others that the service quality has gone down a bit, but I think every restaurant has it's bad days.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,10/16/2014,43,188,5,6,5>I have been here plenty of times. This place never disappoints. Except for Saturday when I showed up to get some food and they weren't open! No sign on the door. No explanation. Nothing.When I spoke to the owner about this, she told me that she was tired and hadn't closed on a Saturday in all the years that they have owned the store! So with that being said - they get a pass!I totally understood her finally wanting a longer weekend for the Labor Day holiday.ZIggy wings are my favorite - kinda like BBQ wings with a hint of spice. My husband loves the curry chicken.The muffins are ginormous! This is what first got us going to the restaurant many, many years ago. They have so many flavors to choose from - my favorite is german chocolate. I first heard about these muffins on the radio. One of the owners would deliver muffins to WPGC when Donnie Simpson was the host. Then years later, I had the pleasure of meeting both owners when our sons played basketball together in Virginia (VA Pride). He had muffins on hand for one of the early morning games for the boys and of course I was able to grab one.The restaurant is closed on Sunday.During the week they close at 8pm.This is THE Caribbean spot that you will enjoy. The folks always greet you with a smile and cook and prepare your food with love.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,9/6/2013,46,124,2,5,2>We were lucky enough to get a free a consultation/vet visit from the Georgia Avenue humane society after we adopted these two year old cats.  Every time my cat Najid and the one time my cat Vinnie visited Kenwood, Dr.  Hauck and the techs were very nice and friendly.  She always said my cats were the nicest and friendliest and she has been doing a good job in helping my fat cat Najid maintain his asthma and help him lose some weight.Dr.  Amanda Hauck is an expert in cats and she definitely knows her stuff and has the experience necessary to understand and help your cats.  I have been to Friendship Heights animal hospital for emergency visits and that place is nice because it is opened 24 hours, but it is much more expensive and has a very long wait time during after hours.   I have only had one emergency visit at Kenwood and that visit was cheaper than the Friendship visit (but this visit was at night and Kenwood visit was during the day)I would recommend this place for cat owners as a primary care vet (hahaha), my cats probably have better healthcare than most humans. It is sad that our healthcare system fails so badly for regular people.  Anyways, consider this place for cats.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,9/5/2013,27,74,3,5,4>This is a late review. I have been craving fried chicken for a few days and all i can think is 'i gotta get my bum to the dutch market ASAP!' Ooh the lightly breaded fried chicken thighs, pretzel stick dripping in garlic butter, cheese samples and candied apple & icecream to bring home - I am drooling as I type.There's limited seating close to the entrance for eating. The parking lot tends to get really busy. I wish they were open on Sundays too but that'd be a wishful thinking.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,9/4/2013,6,132,2,8,3>I was going to go to the new deli around the corner (it shall remain nameless as I cannot at this time review it since I have not been there).  There was too much of a wait on a Saturday afternoon for a hungry shopper like me.  We went in and looked at the menu, decent selection for lunch, so we stayed.We both ordered the burger - one classic burger and one bacon burger.  The burgers arrived in a decent amount of time, although they had reversed our cooking temperatures, the burgers were very good.  If you eat your medium, I would have them go a bit closer to medium well as one burger was a bit undercooked.  The french fries were good, but could have been a little hotter and crispier.  All in all, I consider these very minor offenses in the scheme of things.  The food was reasonable and the service was good.I believe Benny's is still getting into the swing of things from their opening.  I was glad that it was good as it is close by.  It will be a great place to take out of town guests because it is close by when I want something quick with a bit of atmosphere.  The decor is great.  The music is great.  It is hard to believe that a Popeye's Chicken used to reside in that same spot!  I like it and I am glad they are here in the neighborhood.Potomac is shaping up with some decent dining options.  Hurray!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,9/3/2013,17,136,3,6,3>OMG! Have I found the place I've been looking for? A good xiao long bao place in the DMV area? I think yes.This place knows that they have the best xiao long bao around so when you dine in there the waitress will just tell you to go ahead and order their xiao long bao so that you don't have to wait that long.I honestly would rate this place 5/5 but the service isn't that good. The first time I came- there were only 3 tables total. The second time was better- they had about 6-8 tables? Anyway, this place is small so you either have to wait a while to get a table or share it with a bigger group.Aside from the xiao long bao, the beef noodle soup is also good. The scallion pancakes is just okay (I wouldn't order it again). The oily noodle is also very good.If you are willing to pay in cash, I believe you get a discount.Lastly, a warning about eating the xiao long bao, it's so good that after eating it everything else that you order will just be okay. You've been warned, now what are you waiting for? Go ahead and make a trip out there and get the xiao long bao.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,9/2/2013,7,121,9,3,2>Fine you sissies, I will be the first to write a review on the store that makes retail in Rockville 100 times more interesting.  I went in to buy a corset. For a friend. Of course. I wound up spending an hour just looking at the various wares and yes I admit, I did occasionally snicker. I am sorry, I am an adult, but that does not mean I am mature.The shop is very well lit, clean and everything is neatly arranged. And when I day everything, I mean EVERYTHING. Yea, even ehrthang. Honestly, I am no expert, but I think you'd be hard pressed (har) to stump the friendly and knowledgable staff with a request for items related to the getting on of the freak. And yes the shopping bags - good old plain brown paper.Have fun!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,9/1/2013,72,85,,7,3>This truly deserves the 5 stars and the "Woohoo! As good as it gets!". Two short weeks after opening, we decided to try out something new. We were greeted by pretty much the entire staff (we did an early dinner so they weren't too packed) and sat outside. Our waiter, who also happens to be the bar manager, couldn't have been nicer or more helpful. After giving us the happy hour specials (which lasts until 7) and the nightly food specials, we decided on a glass of the house Cabernet and the Cucumber infused vodka (similar to a martini) that the bar manager infuses himself. The martini was delicious, a little on the sweet side for me, but very good, definitely recommend! We decided on the Mezze sampler platter, a selection of 20 different options from the dinner menu. Be warned, this is a HUGE selection of food, and two people can do it, but you won't be wanting to eat for 24 hours following. Not only is it an extremely affordable deal, the food is delicious. My favorite was either the calamari, which I am now obsessed with dipping in tzatziki sauce, or the sausage, which if I had to guess was seasoned with some delicious white wine. We were also given the selection of all of the appetizer dips on the house to try, which is huge to me. I feel like when a newer establishment goes out of their way to make you happy they are truly solidifying you as a return customer, which Trapezaria surely has done with us. Do yourself a favor and go to dinner here tonight. If you're eating Med food anywhere other than here in a 40 mile radius, you will be disappointed.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,8/31/2013,136,1232,3,4,3>AYCE Korean BBQ. That in itself ups the Yelp star rating.Solid KBBQ in the area, and so glad there's a solid option in Rockville that's worth going to when you have a craving and don't want to trek all the way to Annandale or Ellicott City.For $18/person you can get the basic option that includes pork belly, chicken, and marinated pork (the best offering in this package).  For $22/person your package includes all of the previous, three steak options (the marinated one is the best) and sodas.  The fact that they offer marinated meats makes this place better than OGG. The place itself is designed for late night outings.  Big projection screen, lots of tv panels, all playing awesome K-pop.So glad this place is in town.  Don't know if my waistline allows me to come here often, but I can be rest assured that this place is around for me when I need it.Service was also friendly and very attentive.  Not only was out main server useful in explaining the options but the entire wait team was awesome in watching over us, making sure we had enough drinks and ban chan and checking on our cooked meats.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,8/28/2013,38,107,,3,3>Delish! and AUTHENTIC! Got a Gyro (love 'em!). My husband got the pork chops and my mother got the moussaka. They don't have a child's menu, per se. But the owner suggested the pasta bolognese. And my 7 yr old son LOVED it. Wasn't spicy at all. But homemade! They sprinkle a cheese (similar to parmesan) on the fries for a nice, and different, twist. If I had room in my belly, I would've ordered the Pastichio and the Galaktickbouriko (sp?). Alas, I was stuffed to the rim. Knowing I will go next time, those 2 things are on my list! Music was a little loud, but the place was friendly, immaculate and very welcoming! Will definately be going again!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,8/27/2013,237,360,6,10,11>Most of the reviews on El Patio have been written on the food.  There's no doubt that should be the case because El Patio is a restaurant.  I will not contest the yelp ratings on the food.  I've tried several meals here at lunch and dinner and my ratings would be in line with the yelp crowd.  That being said, I haven't seen any review on yelp go into detail about the wines.  I'll let you in on a little secret of mine.  Towards the back of the restaurant, El Patio carries a sizable number of Argentinian wines.  You can purchase these to go or purchase them with your meal.  In my opinion, as a whole, these wine selections are the best you can get for the price in a MoCo restaurant/wine shop.Details:1.  Their shelves are filled with Malbecs and Cabernets that received a "legit" 89-91 points (legit in the sense that my palette tells me it's a true 89-91 point wine and not some fudged ratings by the magazines b/c of favoritism or politics) by Wine Advocate and International Wine Cellar at price ranges that go from about $11-$21 a bottle.  2.  Prices are very reasonably marked up for a restaurant (10-30% above total wine's price but you have to remember this is a restaurant)3.  The selections were picked quite carefully for great selectionsIn the MoCo area, I can't think of one place that sells a sizable number of wine selections where I can go in blind and pick anything out at ~$10 and have a very enjoyable bottle of red wine.That being said there are two caveats:1.  Malbec or Cabernet for your red. That's pretty much your selection (although they have around ~40 different malbecs and cabernets.  2.  Slightly bitter taste.  I like Spanish/South American wines.  However, many find this repulsive and would much rather have the creamy California reds.  If this is your preference, you should stay away.On a final note, I find the decor and atmosphere to be very charming (as LIbby F put it) and the live music on the weekend makes it an extremely pleasurable place to shop for wine at night on the weekends.  I mean, where can you hear live music while picking out great bottles of wine!  If you get the opportunity, buy, drink, and enjoy!
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,8/26/2013,61,18,2,7,5>Very authentic Taiwanese dishes, large selection of food types (seafood, chicken, et al). Very friendly, patient wait staff. Most restaurants of this size will serve you drinks based on the can, Taipei Cafe offers refill on soft drinks, no cans.Good decent food portions.
